                          TRANSCRIPT
figure showing how that job growth has accelerated in Palo Alto and in the
Bay Area generally. At least some of the job growth we've seen is attributed
obviously to new development. A lot of it also is people occupying existing
building space at a higher intensity than they had during the recession. As
the Council discussed in March, there's a concern that the new development
that's happening is potentially changing the character of the City's
commercial districts faster than was anticipated in the current
Comprehensive Plan and by the current Zoning Ordinance. As the Council's
aware, the current Comprehensive Plan has a cap; that's how it deals with
growth. It has an overall City cap as well as a cap on nonresidential
development in the Downtown. There was a suggestion last summer in the
context of some of our Comprehensive Plan Update planning sessions that
the overall cap is not as effective at managing growth as something that
would pace growth or meter the pace of nonresidential development, rather
than just having a cap that's potentially reached in one of the out years of
the Plan. On March 23rd, the Council gave us direction to develop an
Interim Ordinance for two years or until the Comprehensive Plan Update is
adopted, whichever is less, that would implement this kind of pacing
mechanism for nonresidential development. A little background before we
get deeper into this. If you've reviewed the Staff Report, you're aware of
this. We've talked before that there are two possible data sets to use when
you're talking about nonresidential development. The first one is the data
set that derives from the Comprehensive Plan Policy L-8. That policy refers
to monitored areas; it only applies to certain parts of the City. It also lumps
together all forms of nonresidential use. It doesn't monitor retail and office
and other nonresidential uses separately; they're all lumped together.
There's another data set which we, on Staff, have come to think is a little
more useful for a couple of reasons. We refer to that as the CMP or the
Congestion Management Plan data. It's data we report to the VTA, which is
the congestion management agency for our area. The data is more useful,
we think, because it covers the entire City; it's not limited to "monitored
areas." It also segregates nonresidential uses into different categories. The
one constraint—I shouldn't say constraint. The two potential drawbacks of
this data set are, one, it uses the fiscal year rather than the calendar year,
which adds a complexity that is challenging for some of us. The other is that
we only have reliable data going back to about 2001. Whereas, the Comp
Plan data set, the L-8 data set, goes back to the late 1980s. Before we
leave that slide, this shows the cumulative nonresidential development
based on the CMP data set, and it shows it in these various areas of town
that we've been talking about. The California Avenue area, the Downtown
area and the El Camino Corridor area are the areas that the Council's motion
in March suggested should be covered by nonresidential development cap.
We've included Stanford Research Park as a separate column just for your
information, and then the other areas. In red, that's the row that highlights
                                                                        Page 31 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
