                          TRANSCRIPT
Recycled Water Project." Yet, in "C" we're saying direct Staff to develop
funding options for the project blah, blah, blah. I'm suggesting to the maker
of the motion that we actually want to eliminate Section 2, because it seems
to be in conflict with "C." In Section 2, we're actually asking the City
Manager to proceed with seeking funding. In "C" here, we're asking the
Staff to come back with funding options.

Ms. Stump: I think that's fine, because I think that funding idea—what you
want the Staff to do is really captured in the revised third sentence, the last
sentence of Section 1, which now reads "the Council hereby directs City
Manager and City Staff to proceed with evaluation of funding opportunities
and return to Council for further consideration regarding development."
That's what you're comfortable with. That's now the last sentence of Section
1. I think you can eliminate Section 2.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, as the maker of the motion, are you
okay with eliminating "B(iii)"?

Council Member Burt: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, are you all right with that? Okay,
good.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, Subsection (iii),
‘Section 2 of the Motion, “initiate preliminary design and”’ with “remove
Section 2.”

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that clarification. One last thing is going
along with Vice Mayor Schmid's concerns about the EIR. I'm wondering if,
to be clearer in the standard, because we have potential significant impacts.
We have sort of moving targets in that too. We want to get to 600; that's
the number. Do we want to add—we can't add it to the EIR, but do we want
to add in this motion the target of 600 as being the threshold for addressing
significant impacts just to be clear?

Mr. Bobel: It's fine with us. It is in the EIR; it might be sort of buried
around in it, but it's mentioned a number of times in the EIR.

Mayor Holman: As the minimum threshold?


                                                                       Page 124 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
