                          TRANSCRIPT
RM-30. That's part of the reason we feel comfortable that it would be
compatible with our planning process going forward.

Mayor Holman: It might be helpful if you could indicate if it were built out at
RM-30, how many units that might generate.

Council Member DuBois: As shown in your presentation, it's pretty much the
Fry's area. I'm wondering if we could still qualify for the grant by expanding
the boundaries a bit to look at that whole area between Oregon and Lambert
and Park and El Camino. If we're going to do a specific plan, that slightly
larger area might make more sense.

Ms. Gitelman: We had always anticipated that we would talk to property
owners in the area and invite any who were willing to be part of the study. I
don't think there's anything in our grant application that we submitted,
which is Attachment A, that would preclude us from slightly enlarging the
geographic focus. I'll scan through it quickly.

Council Member DuBois:       We've had several new projects that we've
approved in that area. There's not that much additional space to consider.
The other question was brought up by the audience. It's timing. If we
committed to take the funds now, could we start this process but have it go
in parallel with the Comp Plan and maybe let the Comp Plan lead the
discussion? How will that timing work?

Ms. Gitelman: That's the million dollar question for this evening. We would
be trying to walk and chew gum at the same time; doing our long range
planning effort with the policy framework and doing site-specific planning
with a more specific look at this area. The question is whether the Council is
comfortable with that kind of parallel approach, given the availability of
these transportation dollars or whether you'd like to say no to the
transportation dollars and fund this later with other funds.

Council Member DuBois: Can we take the dollars, start the process, but
complete the Comp Plan first, so this would take a longer period of time? Is
there a limit to how long it could take?

Ms. Gitelman: There's always the possibility that this would take longer than
we anticipate. There is some expectation, if we accept the grant, that we
would obligate the funds in about 18 months. We could certainly start the
process. If it took longer, we'd have to deal with that if and when the end of
the 18 months came.

Council Member DuBois: I'm interested in taking the funds, but having it
play into the Comp Plan process. It seems like a little bit of the rush is off,
                                                                         Page 66 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
