                          TRANSCRIPT
time, slow down and look at the value that's embedded from a monetary
perspective as well as from a greenhouse gas perspective in these existing
structures. In fact, before you tonight we'll be bringing a Green Building
Ordinance Amendment that mandates Tier 1 and Tier 2 construction
techniques which demolition, again, is embedded in that Ordinance as well.
We'll continue to press that and encourage applicants to take the time to do
the deconstruction and in every way, shape and form provide them the
leeway and the training and methods to take advantage of that.

Mayor Holman: When it's in our Ordinance, why aren't we requiring it? Why
aren't we going further? I'm a little concerned about saying that you're
giving demolition permits prior to building permits, because we just flipped
that a few years ago for very good reasons. It takes a little bit longer, but
some of the other things we put in requirements also take longer, but we're
not allowing for "we'll let you start construction earlier because of those
things." It seems like there's a real disconnect here.

Mr. Pirnejad: One of the areas that we identified during our green building
retreat was deconstruction. We prioritized that with input from the Green
Building Advisory Group. It is one of the things that we're going to be taking
a closer look at. This year, we were mainly focused on water and energy. It
is something that we can take a closer look at going into this next Code
cycle.

Mayor Holman: Not to hit you guys over the head, but I'm going to hit you
over the head. It's 11 years, 11 years. Phil, you have some comments?

Mr. Bobel: In defense of Peter. One thing that's going on here is we could
be increasing, I think we are, our percentage of material that gets reused,
recycled. Yet, the economy is going gangbusters right now. That's what
you were alluding to. We've got these two offsetting effects. That's one
thing that we have to realize is going on. There's our overall chart, it
happens to be up there. You see that same thing happening there. Our
diversion looks like it's going down a little bit. This is the overall diversion,
not just the C&D diversion. The same thing hit us here. The economy got a
lot better; we had a lot more occupancy in the buildings. Frankly, we got a
lot more trash. That's one factor. If I could just say one thing on the dust
control and the use of water. That's a great point. In fact, we were just
talking about it today and that we need to get more aggressive there. We
probably need to suspend the use of potable water on dust control. That's
something I'm personally going to see is there some road block, is there
some reason for not doing that. We haven't thought of any yet in the six
hours since it occurred to a bunch of us that we needed to do that. They
can either use recycled water, yes, they have to drive all the way to the


04/20/2015                                                               117- 307
