                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach to
direct Staff to prepare a draft Ordinance to be reviewed for recommendation
by the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) with the following
considerations included:

A.   Expanding the ground floor protections to include both sides of
     Cambridge Avenue, lanes between California Avenue and Cambridge
     Avenue, El Camino Real from Page Mill Road to Stanford Avenue,
     extending Park Boulevard south and any other locations as found to be
     feasible and desirable; and

B.   Linkages from the California Avenue area to the Fry’s Electronics site;
     and

C.   Limiting formula retail; and

D.   Addressing the permanency of Conditional Use Permits; and

E.   Limiting restaurants on California Avenue to the current percentage;
     and independently, also to any extended ground floor district; and

F.   Limiting the number of hair & nail salons on California Avenue; and

G.   Consider limiting number of financial institutions on California Avenue;
     and

H.   Adding the word “predominantly” and “generally open to the public” to
     the definition of Retail Service consistent with the Retail Urgency
     Ordinance; and

I.   Limiting new development, rehabilitations (off El Camino Real) to
     respect the historical pattern of narrow store fronts and square
     footages that tend to support smaller, local independent businesses;
     and

J.   Requiring that any demolition and major rehabilitation be required to
     conform to ground floor retail requirements; and

K.   Prohibiting opaque windows at the ground floor in ground floor
     protected areas for any use, including existing uses; and

L.   Any other such matter that the Planning and Transportation
     Commission finds beneficial to retail quality and retention; and

                                                                       Page 64 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
