                          TRANSCRIPT
robust TDM Program that goes in that direction? Do you feel you have the
authority to do that?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you again, Council Member Scharff. By imposing this
condition, we do think we have the authority to have a substantive
conversation with the Applicant about a quantitative standard that they think
they could meet. I'm not prepared to say right now what I think that would
be. Based on the tenants that occupy the building, we would look at them
to establish a standard that is robust and can be monitored and tracked.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to ask the City Attorney if we can retain
jurisdiction to approve the TDM Program that the Director comes up with, if
we approve this project.

Ms. Silver: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. You could do that
through a Condition of Approval, that the TDM Program would have to come
back to the Council for approval.

Council Member Scharff: As the Director, you approved this project as being
compatible, which is one of the big issues that we're discussing tonight.
Could you walk me through your thinking of why this building is compatible
and why you have made that decision to approve it?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. It's always a challenge.
We knew this project was going to have a lot of interest at the Council and in
the community. When we're faced with a situation like this, we give great
weight to what the City's volunteer experts on the ARB recommend. There
was a long record here. We also give great weight to whether the project
has evolved over the course of the process to respond to the concerns that
have been raised both by the ARB and by members of the public who attend
the ARB meetings. In this case, we had a unanimous ARB recommendation,
and we had in evidence that the project had evolved over the course of the
review. Again, it's always a difficult decision. I recognize that compatibility
is in the eye of the beholder. We're here tonight because members of the
community don't agree with our decision. Ultimately it's up to the Council to
decide whether you agree with our decision and with the ARB or whether
you'd like to take a different direction.

Council Member Scharff:     I have one final question for the Applicant
themselves, either Ken Hayes or Ms. Wong or whoever. I heard from
Michaela and her flower shop. There is a community on the alley there.
What have you done or what are you prepared to do to protect those
businesses and to make sure that that ecosystem works and that they're not
negatively impacted by your building?

                                                                       Page 54 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
