                          TRANSCRIPT
because it's a very critical aspect to remove it because it is an obstacle
toward the better relationship and better planning and transportation issues
that we can address. Personally, I just think that those items—I will speak
in a moment about good things that we've done. I think that we've done
lots of them. Once we remove those issues that were perceived to be an
obstacle between the Council and the Commission, they were putting a haze
on the good items that Vice Mayor Schmid addressed at the beginning of this
conversation. Although we were making some comments that I don't really
think that were responsible, I would even say that they were silly comments,
because they pretty much departed us from addressing the core issues of
the planning and transportations that we should have been addressing all
time together. Once you remove those items, when you really focus on the
meeting Minutes, maybe we should be articulating better our observations,
those pros and cons. I really think that the discussion among ourselves that
we have biweekly really provides lots of interesting findings and
observations that can contribute to work of the Council. Some of the
comments that I hear from the colleagues like Mike Alcheck, like Vice
Chairman Fine or others, they're really findings that I can hear first time that
were never expressed before, so I really wish that we maybe change our
way of interaction. As opposed to just focusing on one item, we pretty much
operate within some strategy guidance that we receive from the Council and
within that guidance we pretty much generate number of the top level
options that we return to the Council, and then we focus on addressing the
best option. If you read again our Minutes from the Planned Community
zoning or from any other meeting, you may find very interesting number of
comments that should have been returned to the Staff or returned to the
Council for another round of consideration, that maybe would sway their
opinion or just generate a different approach. In this letter of Chair Tanaka
which all of us contributed to, I put a bullet point about some opportunity
and that was in regards to the retail ordinance that we passed recently
under the Council's guidance. Although I voted for the ordinance, I wish
that we approached it differently. For example, if you think about our
unusual City as the place where we can provide opportunity to the retailers,
to the young people, to the designers, to the planners, we could have
approached retail issue as an opportunity aspect as opposed to regulating
and then creating constraint on certain group of the retail stores. We could
have approached this as an option to open opportunity for larger and greater
commerce within Palo Alto, the commerce which has always been a core of
any city throughout the history. I'm just giving this example to say that as
opposed to looking and addressing and maybe copying one approach that
somebody else proposed, we have here number of the splendid brains—I
really appreciate every meeting that I have with colleagues from our
Commissions, because they truly open my eyes. I hope that I also open
their eyes. That we can generate many other opportunities and options for
                                                                            Page 58 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
