                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. The first thing I want to do is add my
voice thanking Staff for starting the systematic process to tackle this
chimera here. I think what you're doing now is good. I think the idea of an
annual visitation of this is an excellent idea. I want to thank you very much.
Thank you, Director Gitelman, for initiating this. I also want to thank Staff
for reworking the language on the building envelope. With that said, I had a
couple of questions on page 7. The first one, I just want to make sure I
understand Item 5 which has to do with FAR exemptions. All we're doing
here is reclassifying dry cleaners to onsite laundry facilities. Is that right?

Ms. French:    We're just changing the name from dry cleaning to onsite
laundry.

Council Member Filseth: The whole issue of which of these FAR exemptions
make sense and which may have outlived their usefulness, we're going to
visit it at a later time? Okay. Then I had a question just about the end of
Part C, low density residential inclusions and conditions.

Male: Where is that?

Council Member Filseth: It's on page 7. It says low density residential
inclusions and conditions. We define gross floor area residentially here to be
measured to the outside of stud walls. I was just going to ask the question,
not necessarily this is wrong or right. Is that the right place to measure it
and how do you actually know where the outside of the stud walls are? Isn't
that sort of hard to find? Is that consistent with elsewhere? Should it be
stud walls or should it be the exterior walls?

Mr. Lait: I would say that—you're looking at "C" here?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Mr. Lait: When we're looking at—siding material varies in thickness. When
we're looking at plans, the common practice is to measure from stud wall to
stud wall. That's just how architects design it. That's the ...

Council Member Filseth: You can see it on the plan.

Mr. Lait: The thickness of the stucco and all that stuff may add another inch
and a quarter. We've not in the past looked at that as part of gross floor
area. We're just measuring from the stud wall.



                                                                        Page 59 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
