                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Let me just clarify the format we use. The proposal of an
information report is a formal report that goes in the Council packet. It's
public. It's just not designed for you to take a specific action. A Consent
Item is an Action Item also; you just don't involve it in discussion. I think
Molly's distinguishing between major and minor, even though we could find
a way to get into an argument that something is major that somebody else
thought was minor. I think the way you're articulating it is reasonable. You
want to batch process changes. You don't want to have to review every
little decision that is made. Take it out of land use. Imagine everything we
do in the City, how the police stop and talk to somebody on the street, how
our fire inspectors do fire inspections. They use judgment. Everything we
do in the City requires judgment. For the most part, what we hope is that
we build up a standard of practice that builds on the way we did other
things. The key thing for the Council is to say, if you're seeing a policy
change or a direction that's going in the wrong way, to be able to say wait a
minute. That looks like something that we'd like to look at how you would
change it. We've seen this. You may get one information report and that
would be enough. You just may see a series of them over several months,
and suddenly you say here's a trend. Your job is really to ultimately change
the law or the regulation specifically in a place. I think you'd be inundated if
you took (crosstalk).

Council Member Wolbach: I'd suggest a friendly amendment actually to
change the final word "approval" to "review."

Council Member DuBois: I'd actually like to change it to formally an
information report. If we could say "in order to include a process to bring"—
actually if you could just edit the sentence further back. "To bring an
information report to Council quarterly."

Council Member Wolbach: You don't need "for approval."

Council Member DuBois: I'm done.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “bring changes to
Council quarterly for approval” with “bring an Information Report to Council
quarterly.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. Now you've changed it to that, I think
it's a good Motion. That was actually my concern, that it didn't really make
sense to have us put it on Consent and go forward with it in that way.
Having an informational report will actually allow us to see what kind of
                                                                         Page 64 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
