                          TRANSCRIPT
a current articulation of the state of the law. That was an insertion that, I
believe, Mountain View had suggested as an improvement to the San Jose
Ordinance. We do think that that is legally required. The City cannot
require, for instance, the Federal government to pay a minimum wage
under sovereign immunity principles.

Council Member Burt: The final question is really about the Staff Report
and the recommendations. Council Member DuBois pointed out to me that
when we look at the Minutes from the Policy and Services Committee, on
page 17 is the motion that the Committee adopted. There are not just a
few wording differences, but some difference in substance between the
motion that the Committee adopted and what's before us in the
recommendations. I don't know if you've compared those and if you want
to look them over, and in a few minutes while colleagues are making
questions or comments if that would be a better way to return and provide
your insights on those differences.

Ms. Silver: Sure, we'd be happy to do that.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, questions and comments. Why don't we
try five minutes a Council Member and see if we need more?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think it does make a lot of sense for cities in Silicon
Valley to break away from the California minimum wage. We do live in a
very prosperous area with higher incomes and higher costs than other parts
of California. It's not surprising to see Silicon Valley cities breaking away
from the minimum wage. I thank the Policy and Services Committee for
doing the hard work of gathering data, exploring questions, legal and
otherwise, to get this set. I guess my own perception of just reading as an
economist is that most economists agree that in high income districts
raising minimum wage does not have a great negative impact on the
economies. We are in the right place to be going through this experiment.
The question I might have is monitoring and enforcement.               Usually
minimum wage is monitored by the State, the nation. They have all kinds
of employment data that comes to them on a regular basis, which is easy
to monitor and enforce.        We're in a situation where we are trying
desperately to just find out how many people work in the City. I hate to
put the burden on our Staff of saying, "Now you have to monitor and
enforce." I guess one of the goals is to be cooperative with San Jose who
already has an enforcement mechanism and do it by complaint. Complaint
enforcement is not necessarily the best way of doing it, but it is a way. I
would think that that would mean that it would pay for us to cooperate with
the regional cities, and rather than set a different number and then see if
we can cooperate and get a standard number across the communities so

                                                                         Page 29 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
