                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Let me read this again then.

Council Member Burt: Highlight, not eliminate the others. It's just highlight.

Mayor Holman: Okay. That makes me interpret it differently then. It
wasn't clear to me that the intention—I think Vice Mayor's interpretation also
is that we weren't sending the whole list. Is there a way to clarify that then?

Council Member Burt: It's clear. Consisting of the attached list.

Mayor Holman: At least to two of us. I don't need Number 5 then. Vice
Mayor Schmid and I had the same interpretation.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to add to the Amendment, “Include projects not included
in Sections A-D.”

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Wolbach: Very quickly I just wanted to address—I think it
was a very important point that Council Member Filseth mentioned earlier—
the emphasis on how bad this process is. In hope of earning his vote for my
amendment to the motion, I would highlight that if our priorities are ignored
and if the process does not seem to be recognizing the importance of
providing funding for Palo Alto's priorities, as the City Manager pointed out,
we may be open to exploring other options in the future. This keeps us in
the game, but doesn't mean that we have to keep playing the game forever.
It just allows us to keep playing for now.

Council Member Kniss: I just need clarity again. We're sending in this
priority list and with it we say, "We want to highlight four priorities over
funding everything else." Correct? Over, that says fund these before you
fund anything else. Am I correct?

Council Member Burt: (inaudible) highest priority.

Council Member Kniss:     Highest priority means it's going to get the most
funding.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I think these would get funding in advance
of the other.

Council Member Kniss: Instead of others.

                                                                         Page 106 of 136
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/17/15
