                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's our recommendation ...

Council Member Scharff: That's what you're suggesting.

Ms. Gitelman: ... that we look at this in the context of that planning effort.
They're running concurrently, so it's not a delay or anything.

Council Member Scharff: What you're really asking is to defer that decision.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member Scharff: I guess the other question I had is—I forget. We
have a certain number, metric, of park space per individual. We've basically
ignored that over the last ten years. We haven't bought much new park
space. Have we bought a lot of park space? Have we even focused on that?
I mean, I know we've done some new parks. I know we've done Heritage
Park. I know there's been some pocket parks and some other things. I just
wanted to get a sense of where we were in those metrics and what they
meant and how that works.

Mr. de Geus: We've added some park space but not a lot. It's a built-out
community, and there's limited opportunity for that. The metrics by the
National Recreation and Parks Association—that's where it comes from—is to
have 2 acres per 1,000 residents for neighborhood parks and 2 acres per
1,000 residents for district parks. The City has 1.64 acres for neighborhood
parks and has .97 acres for district parks. It's significantly below that
standard. If my calculation is correct, it's 70 to 80 acres below the
standard.

Council Member Scharff: How many, seven or eight?

Mr. de Geus: Seventy.

Council Member Scharff: Oh, 70, 70 acres below the standard. That's for
neighborhood parks?

Mr. de Geus: No ...

Council Member Scharff: District parks. How (crosstalk).

Mr. de Geus:   ... district parks.   We're much closer for the neighborhood
parks.

Council Member Scharff: How big is a district park?

Mr. de Geus: Five acres or larger.
                                                                       Page 64 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
