                          TRANSCRIPT
put us on their list to watch for opportunities that might come up over the
coming years.

Council Member Berman: There was no discussion about we've got this site
for a different purpose right now, but if we were allowed to have a Public
Safety Building on that site, could we transfer the square footage from that
site to a different part of the Research Park, any sort of those conversations?

Mr. Eggleston: The one discussion that we did have was about the Stanford-
El Camino Playing Fields that are leased by the City. We did raise the
potential idea of would it be possible to site a Public Safety Building there
and try to find a different site to place those fields. The answer was no.

Council Member Berman: Was there any reasoning for their no or was it just
a short email back?

Mr. Eggleston: I think it was a phone call. That was no.

Council Member Berman:        They said they weren't interested in that.
Anything to add, does that sound about right?

Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Estate Manager: Good evening, Mayor Holman
and Council Members. Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Estate Division. I
contacted Stanford Real Estate Division by email and also by phone calls,
going over certain sites. I asked them if they would consider allowing the
City to use those for a Public Safety Building. Overall they were not open to
it. Let me just put it in a summary format. It didn't go anywhere.

Council Member Berman: Cubberley, I noted, was on the list of sites in the
Staff Report. It was eliminated from contention based on the new lease that
we've entered into with the school district. I've had at least one resident
reach out to me and zealously advocate for us to take a look at that site.
Has Staff considered the pros and cons, in this instance more particularly
possible cons, there would be to having it at that site as part of the City's 8
acres, for instance?

Mr. Eggleston: We haven't at this point. Our main reason was that, in the
spirit of trying to find a site that we could proceed rapidly, it seemed that
with the new lease and the requirements for conducting a Master Planning
process with the school district, it just seemed likely that that would be a
prolonged process. That doesn't mean we're not open to looking into it. It
could be a site that we evaluate during this process.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add to that. It's in the realm of possibility that a
planning process could separate our 8-acre piece to allow this component.
                                                                         Page 34 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
