                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman added that community members who wished to attend the
Summit but failed to register would be welcome. She concurred with the
Council's selection of a design for the Highway 101 Bike Bridge made the
previous week. Council Member Kniss as County Supervisor secured an $8
million grant for the Bike Bridge.

Oral Communications

Neilson Buchanan provided a segment from the City Manager's Report of
December 19, 2011 regarding a Residential Permit Parking (RPP) Program.
The latest map produced by two resident survey teams indicated
neighborhoods continued to suffer from lack of parking in the middle of the
day. One year ago, the first stakeholder meeting for permit parking was
held. After a full year of collaboration, no date had been set to implement
an RPP Program.

Margaret Adkins, Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Palo Alto
Chapter Chair, reported SEIU members did not believe they were treated
fairly during the meet and confer process. SEIU ran a successful trial of two
Community Service Officers (CSO) enforcing the area of the Downtown pilot
RPP Program. SEIU requested the City observe a formal trial; however, City
Staff did not agree.

Brian O’Neill, SEIU staff member, expressed concerns about the City
contracting enforcement of the RPP Program for Downtown. A contract
position would have to offer wages of $17 per hour and medical benefits.
SEIU offered a starting wage of $25.25 for CSOs, which was reasonable for
the region. The City could save money by retaining the positions in-house.

Gabriel Mora, Parking Enforcement Officer, and his coworkers concurred with
retaining enforcement of the RPP Program in-house. Community members
addressed positive comments to Parking Enforcement Officers while on the
job. The City would not be required to hire additional employees; simply
purchase necessary equipment.

Stephanie Munoz had requested the Palo Alto Unified School District make
the Birge Clark gymnasium available to shelter homeless women and
children.

Minutes Approval

Omar Chatty inquired about the Council's vote not to pursue a lawsuit
regarding the Caltrain Electrification Environmental Impact Review (EIR).
The number of people dying on Caltrain tracks had reached 220 or 221. He


03/23/2015                                                            117- 128
