                         TRANSCRIPT
readable. Even though it's now readable, it doesn't have one arm that
needs to be a central part of this document. Thank you very much.

Keith Wandry: Hi. Thank you for having me. I'm Keith Wandry, and I work
in environmental education for the City of Cupertino. I grew up here in this
area. I agree with what Claire said. I agree with some of the things that
she just said. The priority on these should be the native trees, because they
have an evolutionary bond with the animals, the birds, the plants, the
insects, the fungus and the decomposers, all those things in the ecosystem
up in the hills. It would be awesome if people could see them in the City
and make that connection.         The mental health benefits of nature are
incredible. There's been big issues in this City with the youth having mental
health issues and stuff from the pressures, etc. Imagine if the kids could be
exposed to that when they're walking down the street. Whether they see a
butterfly, a native pollinator, etc., all the things that they would see up in
the hills, they can see every day and learn about them. If they have
problems, maybe they'll say, "I'm just going to go outside and I'm going to
go see what's going on in nature." It's one of the health benefits. To do
that would be a big benefit for the kids when they get older. When they're
in high school and they get all these other pressures on them, they have an
outlet. They know they can go walk down the street and see all these
wonderful things. It takes the pressure off. It puts them in a different mind
frame. The priority on native trees would be fantastic. You'll also find
benefits because the decomposers that have evolved with the trees, that
decompose the leaves and the stuff that falls off the tree, they will break
down the native tree stuff. When you bring in exotics, you won't find the
diversity and the whole ecosystem. Like you said, you could put plastic
trees up that look nice, but you won't get that. You may end up with trees
that drop their leaves, and the decomposers don't want to touch them. Now
you've got all these extra leaves that you have to deal with, whether they're
getting washed down and clogged in, if it ever rains again, they get clogged
in the sewers. You've got all these other problems. The big benefit is if
you've got the natives, you get the ecosystems. The kids, whether they're
walking or whatever, they're going to get nature brought down here. It'll be
also a big mental health benefit for what's needed. Anyway, thanks for
listening to me. I appreciate it.

Linda Ruthruff: Good evening. I'm Linda Ruthruff. I'm a volunteer with the
local chapter of the California Native Plant Society.     I'm chair of the
Conservation Committee. California has a very unique climate. People
come here from all over the country and the world, and they are able to
plant the same species of trees and bushes they had in their former homes,
add some of our precious water and feel at home in familiar surroundings.
When they choose a tree, they can pick from the tidiest, most well behaved
                                                                         Page 76 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
