                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just a comment for my colleagues. Whether it's
10 or 30 days, putting myself in that position, I would not spend time or
money on an appeal until I had a final decision. Most people wait until they
have final number and then consider an appeal or not. That's why I feel 10
days is too short.

Council Member Scharff: I want to ask one question.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: On the 10 days versus the 30 days, doesn't it still
fall within the six months of being able to close the park? The delay of the
extra 20 days, doesn't it have no impact on the park owner?

Ms. Stump: That would depend on how long it takes Mr. Beccaria to do his
updates. That's what kicks off all of these other timelines. It seems to me
reasonable that, again I'm not an appraiser and I don't know Mr. Beccaria's
schedule, but that seems like work that could be done within a time period
that would allow what you're describing, which is the whole process even
with 30 days, to be concluded within the 6 months.

Council Member Scharff: I'll move the Staff recommendation that says
move approval of the application to close the Buena Vista Mobilehome Park
and adoption of the modified Findings and Final Decision including the
modification of the section on Market Survey of Average Apartment Rents to
clarify that the use of two-bedroom comparables applies to Buena Vista units
with more than three residents, and the addition of a peer reviewer for the
appraisal of Buena Vista units. I also want to delegate to Staff choosing the
peer review appraiser, and I want to go to 30 days rather than 10 days. On
Page 5 where it says within 10 days, it should say within 30 days of
receiving, then the other party shall have 15 days to rebut, which was
originally in there.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second your Motion.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the application to close the Buena Vista Mobilehome Park
and adopt the modified Findings and Final Decision, including the
modification to the section on Market Survey of Average Apartment Rents to
clarify that the use of 2-bedroom comparables applies to Buena Vista units
with more than three residents, and the addition of a peer reviewer for the
appraisal of Buena Vista units; and

A.   Staff is to choose the peer review appraiser; and

                                                                      Page 25 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/26/15
