                          TRANSCRIPT
can turn the economics upside down. Almost all of the fallout that's
happened in any of these types of local wholesale programs is a result of
interconnection surprises.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You do acknowledge that the cancellation rate has been
extremely high.

Mr. Lewis: I'm looking at this table. I know what they are doing is they're
backfilling the different brackets, and they're going to oversubscribe the
program. Even if there are projects that fallout, they backfill them. The
program will be completely fulfilled at the 150 megawatt scale. They're right
now expanding that program to 600 megawatts. I haven't read this report.
It's a little hard for me to react to it real-time here. I can take this back and
absorb it a little bit.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Maybe your comments, because it doesn't seem to
have the operating capacity.

Mr. Lewis: I don't know who wrote this.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, are you ready for a motion?

Council Member Burt: Yes. I would move that Council adopt a resolution to
make the following changes to the CLEAN Program: incorporating 1a as on
the screen which is to add a 25-year contract term option to the existing 20-
year option; to incorporate 1c which is the inclusion of non-solar eligible
renewable energy albeit not with the stated avoided cost price; essentially a
new 1b that continues the CLEAN Program for solar and non-solar eligible
renewable energy resources at the current 16.5 cents for the 3 megawatts
previously committed to in the program by the City Council or for one year,
whichever comes first and at the completion of whichever trigger came first,
a review of a gradual reduction in the rate of the future CLEAN Program;
finally to direct that the lease income from solar on the City-owned garages
would be directed to the Utilities Department as an offset to the cost of the
CLEAN Program.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that if you could clarify what you
changed A(iii) to be.

MOTION:      Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to:

A.    Adopt a Resolution to make the following changes and amend the
      CLEAN Program Eligibility Rules and Regulations accordingly:


                                                                           Page 42 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/27/15
