                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Subsequent caps, power caps. Jane, any suggested
language there?

Ms. Ratchye: I was thinking of the word tranches.

Council Member Burt: Tranches, yeah, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you okay with that?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mr. Keene: I'd also point out it's 10:30.

Mayor Holman: Yes. I'm hoping we're getting pretty close.

Council Member Filseth:     I had a question.      I want to make sure I
understand how this works. Council Member Burt, we're still talking about
having a gradual reduction in the rates from 16.5 cents to lower. Is that for
people who apply to the program a few years from now or is that for
everybody continuous? If somebody joins the program this year, they pay
16.5 cents now. Ten years from now, are they paying 16.5 cents or are they
paying something else?

Council Member Burt: No. The contracts are locked in. After our first 3
megawatts, they'd be coming in at some lower contract rate.

Council Member Filseth: After the first 3 megawatts.

Council member Burt: Correct.

Council Member Filseth: But the program is limited to 3 megawatts. Are we
now taking off the limit?

Council Member Burt: The Council has every year or so elected to continue
the program. What we're saying here is that a future continuation of the
program would be anticipated to be at some lower rate than the 16.5 cents.
The Council could also decide not to continue the program. The direction
here is to come back with a lower rate for any future tranche of power
purchase beyond the 3 megawatts.

Council Member Filseth: As I try to figure out what the cost to Palo Alto
utility customers is going to be, the way I should think about it is it's 3
megawatts of capacity at 16.5 cents. If the program is expanded in future
years, then we'll have to recalculate for what they're going to pay. As I see
this, if we approve this motion, we're going to spend $2 million of Palo Alto

                                                                        Page 50 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/27/15
