                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:      Council Member Filseth beat you to the punch, but I
appreciate that.

Council Member Kniss: Sorry. He wasn't speaking up.

Mayor Holman: The reason I offer this is because it's been spoken to here in
ways that I won't repeat. There isn't vested rights with an application being
complete. One thing I will repeat is how much of the square footage is
being proposed in the California Avenue area. We're next week taking up
the Fry's plan, which is part of the California Avenue concept plan. If you
look at two of these projects that are on Park Boulevard, they're the two
largest single projects except for the PC. Park Boulevard is the area of the
Fry's site. We're developing the site without having a plan in place. It's fair.
We've been talking about this for how many months now? Going back to the
last campaign. It's fair, and it's fair to the public. That's why I proposed
this and appreciate Council Member Filseth seconding that.

Council Member Filseth: What do we anticipate the effective date of the
ordinance is going to be? Just so I understand.

Ms. Gitelman: If we get sufficient direction this evening, we'll prepare a
draft and bring it to the Commission. We'll be back to the Council after the
break. Whenever you adopt an ordinance, it requires two readings and it'll
be effective 30 days after that.

Council Member Filseth: We're looking at some time in the middle of the
second half, like October or something like that?

Ms. Gitelman: We're talking about the fall.

Council Member Filseth: The fall. That's okay. It gives us some latitude to
approve a couple more projects if we feel that that's an important thing to
do.

Council Member Berman:       Just to ask Staff for a quick clarification.
Complete means they've gone through the process of going through the
Staff approvals, but haven't necessarily come to Council versus approved
means they've come to Council. Can I get a clarification of what the
difference is between complete and approved? The City Attorney's shaking
her head now.

Ms. Silver: Are you talking about on our list? Application completed means
that they have submitted all of the necessary paperwork to begin ...



                                                                         Page 93 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
