                         TRANSCRIPT
community feedback. I could see how the plans have evolved. You're
hearing sometimes opposing viewpoints. This is a nicely balanced approach
that captures a lot of different elements. Overall, I'm in favor of your
proposals. We need to pay attention to car traffic. This is a major
thoroughfare for getting workers into Palo Alto. The backup on 280 is a
dangerous situation that needs to be fixed. It's pretty scary when you're
tooling along the freeway and you see people stopped, trying to exit at Palo
Alto. I do like the dedicated bike path portion. I like the idea of improving
Old Page Mill. I had a question about the interim lane reduction for the
bicycles. What are the impacts of that reduction? That's one of the on
ramps onto 280.

Ms. Cameron: What you're referring to is one of the ways to improve bicycle
traffic through the area. They do not have to cross two lanes of traffic
flowing onto I-280 southbound. We're suggesting trying to reduce that to
one lane and, when it's on the ramp, expand back out to two lanes.
Additional traffic analysis is going to be necessary, but on the surface of it
we thought it could work.

Council Member DuBois: We don't expect to see backups during that interim
period?

Mr. Dankberg: We modeled it, and it does show that it works. Right now
there's only two lanes feeding the interchange. You're not affecting a
vehicle's ability to approach the interchange. As long as we widen the
ramps to two lanes getting on the freeway, we still achieve most of the
benefits.

Council Member DuBois: It makes sense for safety. We had a similar
situation on 101 with a lane reduction, and it shows how close to capacity
we are, to snarl traffic with a minor change. There was a letter from the
head of the neighborhood association in Palo Alto Hills, who largely agreed
with the report. That carries a lot of weight with me since it impacts their
community. There was a question about the lights. There are two lights
there. One of the questions was could the northbound 280 ramp light only
be active during rush hour and a blinking light in other time periods. Is that
something you guys have looked at yet?

Ms. Cameron: I believe that comment came in in the last day or two, so no,
we have not had a chance to look at that.

Council Member DuBois: The other comment was could the two lights be
merged. I thought you had scenarios where Old Page Mill was extended so
there was only one light instead of two.

                                                                         Page 24 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
