                         TRANSCRIPT
21.   Confirmation of Appointment of Rumi Portillo as Director of Human
      Resources (Chief People Officer) and Approval of Employment
      Agreement.

22.   Palo Alto Fire Department Quarterly Performance Report for First
      Quarter Fiscal Year 2016.

22a. Approval of Amendment Number Three to the Palo Alto-Stanford Fire
     Protection Agreement With the Board of Trustees of the Leland
     Stanford Junior University Extending the Term for One Year for a Total
     Fee of $6.5 Million, and Approval of a Related Budget Amendment
     Ordinance Reducing the General Fund Budget Stabilization Reserve by
     $675,000 to Offset a Reduction in FY 2016 Fire Department Revenues.
     (Continued from December 07, 2015) (STAFF REQUESTS THIS ITEM
     BE CONTINUED TO JANUARY 11, 2016).

Mayor Holman: Motion by Vice Mayor Schmid, second by Council Member
Kniss, to approve the Consent Calendar as amended and stated. Vote on
the board please. That passes unanimously.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 5-16, 18-22a PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: City Manager, you have an introduction to make.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Madam Mayor and Council Members. Assistant City
Manager Suzanne Mason, Rumi Portillo, if you would come up to the podium
there. Welcome you to the City of Palo Alto and invite you to say hi to the
Council.

Rumi Portillo: Thank you so much. Thank you, Mayor and City Council. I'm
just really pleased to join this outstanding team. I am aware of the just
wonderful reputation that this leadership group has here and the employees.
It was just so heartwarming to hear all the appreciation being expressed. I
know that we have some challenges ahead on recruitment and retention. I
bring 25 years of experience to help address that. I just bring a lot of
enthusiasm and my love of human resources. I just am so excited to get
started. I'll be back January 19th to start my post. I really look forward to
working for the City of Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you and welcome aboard.

Action Items

23.   Resolution 9569 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Declaring Weeds to be a Public Nuisance and Setting January 11th,

                                                                       Page 28 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
