                         TRANSCRIPT
Council action to consider and approve funding applications, design,
financing and construction." The last sentence would be modified to say
"the Council hereby directs the City Manager and City Staff to proceed with
evaluation of funding opportunities and return to Council for further
consideration regarding development of the Recycled Water Project." The
third change would be in Section 2 to delete the language "to initiate
preliminary design and."      Section 2 would read "the Council hereby
authorizes the City Manager or his designee on behalf of the City to seek
funding for the Recycled Water Project."

Council Member Scharff: That would meet my concerns on that.

Council Member Berman:      I'm sorry.   Could you just repeat one, the first
change?

Ms. Stump: Yes. The sentence that begins "that plan shall now include,"
will finish with the phrase "subject to further Council action to consider and
approve funding applications, design, financing and construction."

Council Member Scharff: What is the current state of funding out there for
this? I mean, you're clearly in a rush to submit the application, so I'm
assuming there must be a window of opportunity that's going on right now
with the drought.

Mr. Bobel: It's not like something is going to change dramatically tomorrow
or the next day. We're not characterizing it as us being in a rush, but there
is a line that you get in when you're proceeded to a certain point. This EIR
certification is a major milestone that allows us to get in line for funding.
The longer we take to certify the EIR, the more people will be in front of us
in the line for various types of funding. We don't ...

Council Member Scharff: Okay, fair enough. I got it.

Mr. Bobel: I wouldn't say that we're in a rush.

Council Member Scharff: When we get to Staff prepares a financial plan for
the project, you're going to come back to us was the thought. You talk
about funding, but are you also going to come back with the broader policy
discussions ...

Mr. Bobel: Yes.

                                                                      Page 117 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
