                          TRANSCRIPT
That has been done many times. It's a matter of just being able to control
the meeting. People are given advance notice of that. This item was heard
later even than it was earlier noticed, so people had adequate time to get
here, for sure. Thank you. Council Members, questions and comments.
Why don't we do five minutes and do questions and comments, and we'll
come back for motions. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much, Madam Mayor. We have a
housing crisis in this City, and we have a housing crisis in this region. While
we don't have an obligation to solve the entire problem, we do have a moral
obligation, I believe, to do our part as the center of this thriving region of
the Bay Area. Before I go on to some other comments, I just want to
quickly mention Mr. Kelley and Mr. Rosenblum mentioned kind of the idea—
this was perpetuated by the Palo Alto Weekly cover—that this is just
millennials asking for more housing.        Frankly, that's insulting, and it
marginalizes the people who are really at most need of housing in this
community. We've heard a couple of weeks ago and we heard tonight from
people of all generations who need housing. Ironically, the Palo Alto Weekly
article says it's millennials requesting more housing, and then it goes on to
cite at the very beginning of the article a Gen X-er. Seniors need housing;
young professionals need housing; people with developmental disabilities
need housing. It's just a fact of our region that we haven't been building
enough housing over the past couple of decades. I had my birthday over
the weekend, and I was hanging out with some good friends. I grew up
here in Palo Alto; we moved to Palo Alto when I was just about to turn 4
years old in 1984. I went to Duveneck, Jordan and Paly. I was having
dinner with some friends, one of whom was the daughter—I won't name
them—of an artist and a regional planner. One of the others was the son of
a divorcee who worked in a retail clothing shop. They both grew up in Palo
Alto; they became two of my best friends. I grew up with kids who were the
sons of tech executives and doctors, and I grew up with the kids of parents
who came from significantly less means. Growing up with that broad
diversity of friends from socioeconomic means and backgrounds helped me
develop the values that I have and that I created. We're losing that in Palo
Alto. We had a lot of talk over the past couple of years—sorry, I'm getting
over a cold slowly—of Buena Vista, and the fact that it really is tragic that so
many families of lower socioeconomic means in Palo Alto might get
displaced. The reality of the situation is that's happening every week to
other folks that don't have the huge support network that comes out to
plead their cause. Palo Alto is becoming an area where even two tech
executives, unless you were early on at companies that have gone
successful, you're not going to be able to buy a place in Palo Alto. You'll be
lucky if you can rent one. If you are, you're spending probably more of your
take-home pay than you should be on housing, and you're not saving for
                                                                         Page 52 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
