                          TRANSCRIPT
was at a level that they deemed appropriate, they could take their own
actions independently. That's one other potential that I'd be interested in
finding out about. If you have answers or our Fire Department does now,
that'd be great. If you don't, I'll look for them as the process moves
forward.

Mayor Holman: I have just a couple of things. Council Member Burt asked
one of my primary questions which had to do with seismic. I'm also
interested in that. I appreciate the tour. Council Member Scharff and I
actually went together on that tour. I left, I realized, a little bit unclear on
whether all of the recommendations that have been made, either from the
Fire Department or any other entity, have been adopted and incorporated at
CPI.

Ms. Gitelman:    Maybe if Joe Afong or another member of the Fire
Department could respond to that.

Mayor Holman: Okay. I'd be grateful for that.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we believe the answer is yes. I was just hoping
someone in a nice uniform would stand up and confirm that.

Mayor Holman: Maybe the someone in a nice uniform could come forward.

James Hendrickson, Palo Alto Fire Department:          You might restate the
question.

Mayor Holman: The question was if all of the recommendations made to CPI
have actually been accepted and incorporated.

Mr. Hendrickson: Recommendations made when, Mayor Holman?

Mayor Holman: Any additional safety recommendations.

Mr. Hendrickson: Over the course of the years, we've had a number of
opportunities to do inspections at the CPI facility. As far as I'm aware, Fire
Marshal Hendrickson, each time we have made recommendations, they have
been incorporated into CPI's business practices. Yes.

Mayor Holman: You have a sidekick there with you.

Mr. Hendrickson: This is Joe Afong. I've only been in the position for about
nine months.     Joe Afong has been working as a Hazardous Materials
Specialist, working with CPI, for 12 years, 14 years. He would be my
historical knowledge on the facility.

                                                                             Page 70 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
