                          TRANSCRIPT
Jessica LaMaack: Madam Mayor and Members of the City Council, my name
is Jessica LaMaack, and I'm here this evening on behalf of the Palo Alto
members of the California Restaurant Association. These issues that you're
bringing up tonight is definitely something that is of high interest to my
members. Obviously limiting restaurants would not be beneficial to my
members and/or to the community.            Also, formula retail and formula
restaurants are positive to a community. It allows those who are students
to work at an establishment here while they're in school and then go back to
their hometown that may have the same establishment and work there as
well. It allows them to transfer their skills while they are still students, still
in college, still working. Also several formula retail establishments in other
cities limit franchisees which would be very detrimental to the community as
franchisee/owners are local residents. They are local community members.
These small businesses hire many minorities, many women and many
individuals who are looking for a flexible schedule. Restaurants, including
those who would be considered formula retail, do provide positive attributes
to the community. I'd just like to let that be on the record and let that be
known. We look forward to working with you as this topic rolls through the
City. Any questions you may have, my members are more than willing to
provide feedback for you guys. Thank you very much.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. First, I agree
with the Staff recommendation. If necessary, you should clean up the
definition of ground-floor retail. It does need a little improving. As far as
the California Avenue area, it would be a good idea to extend the ground-
floor retail along El Camino from College to Sherman, include Cambridge and
include Sherman from Birch to El Camino, because those are highly retail
use areas. Also, it'll help to preserve the retail vitality along California
Avenue. One of the problems is there's nothing to prevent a landlord from
raising the rent and forcing out mom and pop retail and replacing them with
offices with the existing regulations we have. One of the things that you
ought to seriously consider is in the ground-floor retail area requiring a
conditional use permit to change any use from what it is as of, let's say,
June 1, 2015 to another use. That will give you an opportunity to prevent
conversions in any significant amount from retail to offices. One of the other
things that you should carefully consider is whether you want to have the
same kind of, let's call it retail vitality Ordinance like you have for
Downtown, where the businesses or the property owners are assessed a
certain amount of money, it would be at a much lower level than Downtown
is, in order to generate ads, events, things that'll improve the vitality of
retail along California Avenue. You should talk to the merchants about that,
talk to the property owners, and see if they would like to have that kind of
opportunity. The amount that's assessed, for example, Downtown is fairly
small. Most of them are $50-$100, $150 per year. An assessment of that
                                                                           Page 38 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
