                         TRANSCRIPT

back in November 9th, so you don't need to respond. Just to give a few
thoughts. If you could go to "3," I guess is a better picture. Two.

Mr. Mello: This one?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. I'm particularly concerned with the east-west
connections around town. We've spent a lot of time talking about El Camino
and the rail corridors and how they disrupt east-west traffic. East-west
connectors in town are really absolutely necessary to make this a
community.      The Matadero Creek is especially interesting because it
connects the Baylands to Bol Park. It has potential barrier breakers on both
101 and Alma tracks. It's off-road, which I think is the only bike path in
town that would be off-road potentially. Also, there are dollars that could
come from the Santa Clara Valley Water District on that. I think it's an
important element, and there are examples in our neighboring communities,
Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Los Altos, Cupertino, who have all used the
Santa Clara Valley roadways, pathways for bike and pedestrian paths.
There's a lot of examples out there. I would think in our discussion it would
be good to have maybe some pictures of what a creek-side pathway looks
like; two, some sense of the property values around the pathways. Do they
go up or down near the trails? Three, some sense of police activity along
the pathways. Has it increased or decreased or the same as streets and
pedestrian activity elsewhere? I think those would be important elements in
the discussion. I look forward to November 9th.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I want to ask about bike share. In the
Staff Report it looks like in about six months we're going to have to make a
decision whether to invest in it or cut it back. Can you give us sort of like
the 30-second, quick status update on where we are on that? Also, are
there differences in our experience between the University Avenue station
and the Cal. Avenue station?

Mr. Mello: The pilot project done through the Air Quality Management
District is currently scheduled to end in June of 2016. At that point in time,
the MTC is going to take over the contract with Motivate, which is the private
operator of the Bay Area Bike Share system. Motivate has submitted a
proposal to us to continue as-is bike share service in the City of Palo Alto.
Due to the poor siting of the stations within the City and kind of a lack of
density of stations and service, the general feeling is that the current
configuration is probably not where we want to be permanently. We're
                                                                        Page 10 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
