                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I think it should be "to be reviewed by the Citizen
Advisory Committee and if there is a disagreement, it's highlighted as to
what that disagreement is and explained in the report."

Council Member DuBois: I think this was not just about the results, but
about the assumptions before they run the scenario.

Council Member Scharff: I don't think we can dictate to our consultants
what is—that it's—look, I have full faith in our Citizen Advisory Committee.
On the other hand, we can't set a precedent where we have this notion that
we have a Citizen Advisory Committee say, "We disagree and, therefore, a
consultant can't write the report they think the way it should be written."
Now, I think it's perfectly—we should perfectly say that, yes, they should be
able to say, "This is where we disagree.           We disagree with these
assumptions. We disagree with that." Outline it and have our consultant
explain why they're taking a different path. I think that's basically what it
should do as opposed to giving the Citizens Advisory Committee veto. I
mean, we could have a deadlock and we don't see the report again.

Mayor Holman: I think we're still looking for the language, Council Member
Scharff, that you're intending there because there hasn't been a change yet.

Council Member Scharff: Right. I would say "in the FTTP Master Plan,
detailed assumptions that was used to forecast the FTTP capital to be
reviewed by the Citizens Advisory Committee and if there is a dispute
between—or if there is a disagreement, not a dispute, a disagreement
between the consultant and the Citizens Advisory Committee, that shall be
highlighted and explained in the consultant's report."

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member Burt: The Staff Report.

Council Member Scharff: In the Staff Report. Correct, in the Staff Report. I
agree. Much better. Thank you.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, Subsection (i),
“and agreed to, by a majority of active citizen advisors” with “Citizens
Advisory Committee (CAC); if there is a disagreement between the
consultant’s report and the CAC’s recommendation, the Staff Report to
Council will highlight the discrepancy.”
                                                                      Page 54 of 130
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/28/15
