                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thank you. We had 3 1/2 acres, 2.6, 1.5. How
many acres do we need? I was getting to what Council Member Burt was
getting to in terms of are we eliminating sites because we haven't defined it
enough to what we need. The other thing I was expecting to see, again
maybe this has happened in the past, was the characteristics of a good
location, the metrics and criteria used to evaluate these locations. I do think
geography is important and the perception of being in the community versus
out on the edge, adjacent property uses, the transportation and circulation
of the location. There wasn't much in the Staff Report. It just said we
narrowed it down to these three. Were there formal criteria? Did you score
the sites? Were those the only three that looked possible? How did you get
to the three?

Mr. Eggleston: I would say, Council Member DuBois, that we didn't get into
that level of assessment at this stage. What's a little interesting is that
when we worked with the real estate broker, we had provided them with
some characteristics like that at first. I don't remember what all of them
were, but they were things like being centrally located, having multiple
entry/exit points in case of blockage of a street or something like that.
Maybe there were a couple of other items. When we were first hearing back
that there were no sites being identified whatsoever, we said let's not ask for
those criteria at this point in time and try to see what's out there to get the
biggest list possible and then narrow down from there. As I was saying, it
turned out that we found no sites available.

Mr. Ross: I actually have a list of site evaluation criteria that we would
apply to these sites. If you would like, I could go over some of them. It
starts with location; supporting appropriate response times; size; cost and
availability; relative environmental complexity; convenient, safe access to
public streets; consideration of manmade and natural hazards; site
perimeter security; ability to integrate patrol vehicle traffic and police
operational requirements on the site; allowance for security setbacks; ability
to house the entire program within an Essential Structure; ability to
accommodate and secure patrol vehicle and Staff parking; ability to provide
a floor plate geometry and configuration which optimizes departmental
adjacencies; neighborhood and zoning compatibility; and supports
sustainable design goals. When we go into this process, we will look at all
that as well as issues that have to do with neighborhood and things that are
very important to this community. Relative to the Sherman Avenue, we'll
approach Sherman Avenue, should we embark on this together, and view it
as two sites. One with the closing of Sherman and one without and what
does that do. We would provide two options. It would be yes or no, and
you would see the pros and cons of both.

                                                                         Page 44 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
