                         TRANSCRIPT
We should try to keep these two groups, the Council and the citizens group,
in sync, if that means we have to have time every month on our agenda. I
don't want the citizens committee to talk about land use, and then it come
to us six months later. It should be within a month, so that we stay in sync.
I'll go ahead and make a Motion, which I sent to David, which captured
those.     I'd move that we approve the formation of the committee
representing the diverse interests. That first paragraph is right from the
Staff Report. I added these additional requirements: must be a Palo Alto
resident; consideration for parents at a variety of schools; individuals
representing a wide variety of neighborhoods; look for expertise in historic
resources; add a retail business owner; and favor participants that have
more than one interest or area of expertise. The last paragraph, the CAC
will work on policies and programs according to the Comp Plan visions
statements and goals set by Council. Staff is directed to bring topics to CAC
and then to Council ideally within a month of each other to keep the groups
in sync.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member DuBois and second by Council
Member Scharff.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

1.   Approve the formation of a Citizens’ Advisory Committee (CAC)
     representing diverse interests to assist with the Comprehensive Plan
     Update; and

2.   Direct the City Manager to solicit applications and appoint members of
     the Committee consistent with purpose and parameters recommended
     by Staff with additional requirements:

     A.    Must be Palo Alto resident; and

     B.    Consideration for parents at a variety of schools and levels of
           education; and

     C.    Individuals representing a wide variety of neighborhoods; and

     D.    Add expertise in Historic Resources; and

     E.    Add retail business owner; and

     F.    Favor participants that fit more than one interest / area of
           expertise;
                                                                      Page 108 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
