                             MINUTES
based business with 30 employees. He would allow home stays as provided
in the San Luis Obispo Ordinance. He did not view home stays as being
disruptive to the neighborhood. The City could allow the homeowner to be
absent with restrictions similar to those stated in the San Francisco
Ordinance.     Homeowners should not be allowed to rent their homes
continuously as a hotel. The sharing economy was good for consumers. He
was concerned that efforts to collect the TOT would cost far more than the
amount of TOT collected. Collection of the TOT should not drive the
discussion. The discussion should center around the severity of the problem,
the number of complaints, and impacts to quality of life in neighborhoods.
Enforcement should remain on a complaint basis; however, the City should
resolve those complaints.

Council Member Filseth agreed that the amount of TOT collected would be
small. The City should not allow rental of homes as hotels. Ordinance
provisions for vacation rental of homes and home stays should be a low
priority for Staff. He inquired whether the City could institute harsher
penalties for renters committing egregious acts.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the two Code Enforcement Officers had
experience and received support from the City Attorney's Office. Officers
investigated complaints, and the City Attorney's Office moved against
violators as quickly as possible.

Council Member Filseth asked if the City could impose a fine for violators.

Ms. Gitelman reported the City could issue citations.     Staff preferred
homeowners cease and desist from egregious violations without the need to
impose fines.

Council Member DuBois expressed concern that rentals under the hotel
model were removing housing from the market. Homes rented to more
people than the number of bedrooms seemed particularly egregious. He was
comfortable with the home stay model and longer-term rentals.
Enforcement seemed to place the burden on citizens to gather proof.

The concept of enforcement based on advertising had some merit. In
December 2014, he searched for online listings and found approximately
300. Requiring occupants to register and limiting the number of occupants
were logical means to identify egregious users. The Council and Staff should
be cognizant of websites that advertised rentals versus websites that
collected transactions. He inquired whether collection of the TOT could be
retroactive.



03/09/2015                                                              117- 65
