                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

7.    PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of a Resolution 9531 Entitled, “Resolution
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming Weed Abatement
      Report and Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on
      the Respective Properties Described Therein.”

Mayor Holman: This is the time and place set for a public hearing on a
resolution confirming the County Weed Abatement Report for Palo Alto and
ordering costs of abatement to be a special assessment on the respective
properties described therein. The public hearing is now open.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:21 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Has the Clerk received any objections?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: No, I have not.

Mayor Holman: Let the public record show that no persons appeared or filed
written objections against these weed abatement proceedings.              Any
resolution passed by the Council on this matter will reflect this finding. I'll
now entertain a motion to adopt the resolution and overruling objections,
which have not appeared, confirming the report and ordering the abatement
costs to be a special assessment against the listed properties. Are there any
motions?

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid moves, and second by Council Member
Kniss.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to adopt a Resolution overruling objections, confirming the report and
ordering the abatement of costs to be a Special Assessment against the
listed properties.

Vice Mayor Schmid: This is not a matter of aesthetics that we're dealing
with. It's part of our required Code and safety.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with all
nine present.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                                                         Page 37 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
