                          TRANSCRIPT
page is a disguised flag pole installation. We do have some of those in town.
Our existing practice and the practice that will be carried forward in the
ordinance is to camouflage the antennas.

Council Member Kniss: I didn't recognize the one on the front. That would
be the only comment I would make. This was very helpful to hear about
this. It must be reassuring for the public to know that we are working
toward providing better coverage in our City. One of the most frustrating
things is over on 280 or out North California and the minute you get started,
you've lost your connection. This is reassuring.

Council Member Scharff: In taking a look at this, it seems to strike a good
balance between aesthetics and approving these applications. That seems
to be the goal. Am I correct?

Ms. Silver: (inaudible)

Council Member Scharff: I have some questions. How is this different than
our existing ordinance in terms of the practical effects of what it's going to
look like? I think I understand, but I want to hear it from you guys.

Ms. Silver: In terms of the aesthetic review that will be done, I don't think
there's going to be much of a difference in the look and feel of the
installations. The camouflaging and the stealth design requirements are still
there. There might be one difference, and that is the height. Commissioner
Gardias touched on that in his comments. The existing ordinance allows a
maximum height up to 65 feet, and then 15 feet above the existing building
height, if it's a building-mounted installation. We've carried that forward in
this ordinance. Under the Spectrum Act, you can then receive an additional
height allocation, the 10 or 20 feet that I referred to. We will see some
taller towers. If the Council decided that they would like to see shorter
towers, then they could decrease the overall base height. However, the
concern with that is that might then result in more installations because the
coverage capacity would not be as broad.

Council Member Scharff: The more height, you get better coverage and you
have to have less installations. Right?

Ms. Silver: That's correct based on the existing technology.

Council Member Scharff: The only thing that gave me pause is that we got
an email today from AT&T saying, "Don't approve this. It could dramatically
harm coverage in Palo Alto. Please delay until we have time to look at it."
The way I read it is they hadn't had time to look at it, as opposed to that
they had any substantive concerns. Do you have any comments or thoughts
                                                                         Page 31 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
