                           TRANSCRIPT
want to move forward rapidly with. We do need some guidance on the
detailed memo that the Citizens Advisory Committee have put together,
which proposes a revised definition of a co-build. Through the dialog this
evening, if we can get some clarity around the prioritization, we will know
exactly what to be working on concurrently and in sequence, so that we can
make the type of progress that we all know that we want.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Madam Mayor, if I just might add something?
Thanks, Jonathan. I kind of want to talk to the Council just a little bit
differently than we typically do here. I would imagine that a number of you
ought to be pretty well confused about what it is we're bringing to you right
now. Once you start to hear from the CAC and some of the other comments
and questions, some of you may be like completely on point with what we're
talking about, and others of you may still say, "There's a lot of moving
pieces here. What are we talking about?" What Jonathan and the Staff
have done with their report is what sort of automatically we'd typically have
to do with our process, which is the Council has publicly and formally issued
a directive and we're coming back and responding to that directive. The fact
is that there was lack of clarity in the directive even identified as the CAC
looked at it. There are implications to almost how we prioritize or triage the
recommendations that we've been given. I don't think we can ignore the
fact that there are time factors more at play in some parts of the
recommendation than others. The fact that, say, a Google or something
may make an announcement in January has a different bearing on some of
the choices we make perhaps than even, say, completing the criticism or the
analysis of the consultant's methodology and dollars and those sorts of
things. We've sort of reported on things almost as if they should all be
proceeding apace, but I think one of the things we really need to do is get
the glossary straight tonight, so when we're talking about some basic terms,
all of us know what we're talking about; that we get clear about really what
the real objective is and how that relates to time; and that we understand
roughly what the sequence and the priorities of things are. That being said,
it's all real theoretical right now. My sense is, having read the CAC's memo,
the great meeting we had with the Committee just before the holidays in
mid-November, I don't think it is all that complicated. I think it does require
we stay focused. Just for fun, later I'll show you, I'll see whether I was
right. I've taken the Staff Report, the CAC's memos and everything else and
I've boiled it down to this one little diagram right here that ties it all together
potentially. I'll wait on that to just sort of see how well our understanding
has been about where we are.             We will want to have an interactive
discussion, I think, here to best facilitate where things are. I would say
this—I don't mean this as a criticism at all. I wasn't here at the meeting on
the 28th. We had been proceeding on a directive over at least an 18-month
period that was well established by the Council. The direction you took on
                                                                              Page 85 of 132
                                                                City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/30/15
