                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Popp: Yes.     Not for my Board, but I'm having trouble understanding
what "E" says.

Mayor Holman: Which "E" are you looking at?

Mr. Popp: The one that's on the page there.

Mayor Holman: That's HRB.

Mr. Popp: HRB "E," correct.

Mayor Holman: Because the setting has an impact on a building's historic
context.

Council Member Burt: What changes in the setting? I'm not following that
either.

Mayor Holman: If a setting changes for an historic resource, that's an
impact on its historic integrity.

Mr. Popp: I understand what you're getting at.

Council Member Burt: I now understand what you mean. Would it be more
clear under that HRB to say "whether the proposed building would change
the setting under CEQA in relation to the historic properties on Kipling?" Is
that what we're meaning here?

Mayor Holman: Basically, yes. Kipling Street or University Avenue.

Council Member Burt: In relation to historic properties on Kipling Street or
University.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion under Historic Resources
Board, Part E, “whether the changed setting (CEQA) has an impact on the
historic properties should be addressed” with “that the proposed building
would change the setting under CEQA in relation to the historic properties on
Kipling Street or University Avenue.”

Mayor Holman: Yes. Did you have anything else?

Mr. Popp: I do, if you don't mind. Second from the last paragraph, "B2"
where you're talking about street building facades, the last sentence in that
says "specifically the look and feel from a street should be the look and feel
compatible with adjacent buildings," those are two-story buildings, "with an
additional floor requiring articulation or setbacks." "With an additional floor"
                                                                        Page 94 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
