                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you care to speak any further to
your motion?

Council Member Scharff: No, I think I've pretty much said what I needed to
say.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, care to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss:         I would also echo Council Member Scharff's
comments. Thank you to the restaurant folks who are here tonight, who
took the trouble to contact us many times over the past two weeks. It's a
more complicated issue, I think, than we probably initially thought it would
be. I think at this point what we're saying is we will pass it as is; however,
we will refer it to our Policy and Services Committee to look further into it,
which also gives the restaurant representatives an opportunity to spend
some time in a Committee rather than in a full meeting tonight. That's what
we're asking of the rest of you tonight, that you approve it as is but agree to
send the question regarding those who are tipped to Policy and Services.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a question for Staff. When we passed this
Ordinance previously, the initial reading, we also gave direction setting a
goal of $15 per hour as a municipal minimum wage by the year 2018. I
believe that there was some direction about further Staff and Policy and
Services work on the issue in advance of that and in interest of pursuing
that. That would also include opportunities for the public to be engaged. My
question is what does this motion do that we weren't already planning to do.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. The
Clerk can correct me, but I understand the notes to say that the prior
direction was to adopt the ordinance, Phase 1, refer the 15 by '18 goal back
to Policy and Services, and to look at potential exceptions, enforcement and
evaluation of a process for additional discussions that would include tipped
wait staff and potentially seasonal and teenage employees as well.

James Keene, City Manager:           I just might add.     What I hear that
distinguishes this is that that was a general directive to us pointing towards
a 2018 timeframe. The way I heard the motion was for us to try to schedule
this on a Policy and Services meeting as soon as possible. My thoughts were
that if this passed, that we would even look at rearranging some items on
the schedule, if that's possible to do.

Council Member Wolbach: Given that there's already been direction for
Policy and Services to explore this issue, I'll be—actually I just want to
                                                                       Page 57 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
