                         TRANSCRIPT
broad and I support it, expanding the ground-floor protections to include
both sides of Cambridge, the lanes between California and Cambridge
Avenue, El Camino Real from Page Mill to Stanford Avenue, extending Park
Boulevard south and any other locations to be feasible. If we don't allow
restaurants in any of that, you're probably going to have a hard time filling
all of that space without it. What we're doing is we're having the Planning
and Transportation Commission analyze what those parking requirements
should be. We're actually getting more information, getting its thought on
that. We're not imposing it right now. I'd say that you guys have pushed
hard for good data, and this goes more in the direction of getting good data
as opposed to suddenly doing away with fully parking things. I'd ask you to
reconsider that.

Mayor Holman: The way it's worded now, I can support it. Not previously,
but the way it's worded now, I can. Time to vote on the board. This is to
analyze and if necessary propose changes to parking requirements
commensurate with parking demands of restaurant use on the California
Avenue area. We don't need "on the California Avenue area" though. All
those in favor or not. That passes on an 8-1 vote, Council Member Filseth ...

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT INCORPORATED WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment,
“to bring eating and drinking establishment parking requirements in line with
other retail establishments” with “commensurate with parking demands of
restaurant use.”

Council Member Wolbach: 7-1.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. 7-1, Council Member Filseth voting no and
Council Member Kniss not participating.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Filseth no, Kniss absent

Council Member Wolbach:      I only have one more hopefully friendly
Amendment. Before I offer it, if we could see the very start of the Motion,
above "a." Was there was something above "a?"

Mayor Holman: It says "direct Staff to prepare a draft Ordinance to be
reviewed for recommendation by P&TC with the following considerations
including."

Council Member Wolbach: I have two friendly Amendments. The first, I'd
suggest that we put "California Avenue area" somewhere in the preamble of
the Motion. That way it's not necessary in every single clause. Just to be
clear that this Motion is about the California Avenue area.
                                                                       Page 73 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
