                         TRANSCRIPT
It's time for us again to join together to upgrade and renovate our aging
building. We estimate that the full cost of renovating and remodeling the
historic building is about $10 million. Of this, at least $5.4 million can be
attributed to building upgrades including the building systems, seismic
upgrade and an ADA compliant elevator. No, we don't have one of those.
All of the City's $5 million in funding that we are requesting tonight would be
allocated to these upgrade expenses of the historic building. In addition as
you know, we're planning on building a wing at the rear of the building.
We're in the early design phase of this part of the project, and we know we
don't have it right yet. We will be returning with a design alternative that
we hope and expect will meet with broader acceptance. We would expect
that your approval of funding tonight would be conditioned on full review
and approval of the final project design. We have the opportunity to again
work as partners and invest in the Bryant Street center to assure that it
meets the needs and expectations of current residents and the next
generation of seniors. Let's work together to bring our Bryant Street center
into the 21st century. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Rob, do you have any further comments?

Mr. de Geus: No, that concludes our presentation.

Mayor Holman: Very good, thank you. We have a few speakers to speak to
this item. When your name is called, if you'd come to the front, it would
help us move forward with the item. Linda Jolley is our first speaker, to be
followed by Bruce Heister. Again, when you hear your name called, if you'd
move to the front row, that would really be much appreciated.

Linda Jolley: Council Members, I have eaten at Avenidas Senior Center
many times, so I'm kind of on the inside. I have never seen one of you
people at any of the lunches. I urge you to come there and find out what is
actually happening. It may be quite different from what is presented here.
I'm sure you know that once a bureaucracy is funded, it grows, it generates
PR and its main purpose often is to grow and get more money. I know you
know this. I want you to come out to Avenidas and find out what is actually
happening. The first thing you're going to find is there is not a parking
space anywhere in the area for you most of the time. The garage is full; the
streets are full; everything is full. What are you going to do with the extra
people who are brought to this new, expanded program? You're going to
bring these seniors in on skateboards? You need to consider all aspects of
this. The next thing I want you to do is go actually look at the facility and
what's there. We have a lot of people here claiming that Avenidas is
overflowing. I inspected the entire building; I didn't find any overflowing. I
found a lot of empty rooms. In fact, I went down into the basement

                                                                       Page 67 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
