                          TRANSCRIPT
cancer. According to Dr. Samuel Goldman of the Parkinson's Institute,
research shows a significant link between Parkinson's disease and also TCE.
The most infamous TCE plume in Palo Alto is the California-Olive-Emerson
(COE) plume located at the superfund site. It is very large and contains two
HP facilities and also a medical facility as well. It contains the HP facility
located at 6202-640 Page Mill Road and a former Varian Medical Systems,
Inc., facility at 601 California Avenue. It also contains the former HP facility
at 395 Page Mill Road. It is only 15 feet underground, so this can cause
cancer to a lot of people who are living above. It extends from Alma and
Oregon Expressway to the HP headquarters and encompasses part of
Stanford-Palo Alto community playing fields. It sits directly above the Santa
Clara groundwater basin. This could again be used as a source of drinking
water as the California drought continues. Thank you.

Alex Holsinger: I'm also part of the Investigative Medicine Club at Gunn
High School.     As Richard mentioned, there are a number of spills of
chemicals. TCE isn't the only toxic chemical; there are also TCE cousins
such as tetrachloroethylene (PERC) or PERC and trichloroethane know as
TCA. Using an online map provided by the company Terradex, the following
spills have been mapped.           Like Richard mentioned the Fairchild
superconductor site, which is right next to our high school. We can see it
from where we do our club, the site effected. The spill contains the following
chemicals: tetrachloroethylene, xylene and trichloroethane TCA, and the list
goes on. Another confirmed spill is the Palo Alto landfill. It's located east of
Highway 101. It encompasses part of the Baylands. Spills found by the
outer ring of monitoring well network. These chemicals are unnamed, but
they are certainly harmful and very shallow in the groundwater. These
chemicals may cause cancer and birth defects.            Two other sites on
Middlefield Road are at Colorado Avenue, a small site only 7.7 feet under the
ground. The plume hazards are lung disease and others. The known
chemicals include gasoline. Another is at Tallway, 9.1 feet underground and
contains the same. Five plumes exist along East Charleston Boulevard and
Fabian Way, located directly underneath the condo housing complex, the
industrial center and a Costco shopping center. They're located at a depth
of 6.5 to 9.1 feet under the ground. Health hazards include cancer,
developmental disabilities, lung disease and various other diseases from the
aforementioned chemicals as well as volatile organic compounds. Additional
plumes exist under El Camino Way near the Foothills in the hills and under
Town and Country Village. Thank you.

Brent Man: Hi. I'm also part of the Gunn I Med Club. We found out one of
the main dangers is that even though we've known that in the future this
could contaminate our drinking water from the drought, at the current time
this groundwater could accumulate in underground structures such as

04/20/2015                                                              117- 320
