                         TRANSCRIPT
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Hillary
Gitelman, the Planning Director.       I'm joined by Suzanne Mason, the
Assistant City Manager.      This item, as the Mayor indicated, regards
enforcement for the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking Program
which is one of the Council's priorities. You adopted a resolution back in
December 2014 directing us to get this program in place with all due haste.
It's been a long process to select a vendor for this enforcement action and a
long process of meeting with our employees on the issues surrounding this
contract. We are recommending that you conduct a public hearing and take
the requested action. Suzanne and I are here to answer any questions you
have.    There's also a representative from the vendor and other Staff
available for questions.

Council Member Kniss: This is not meant to be flip. We have had few items
that were more in contention than talking about Downtown parking and our
RPP. There's not a soul here tonight speaking to it. Did we announce the
meeting? It's almost as though this is a mystery meeting. I'm surprised. Is
it that you've done such a fabulous job that no one needs to appear again
and they trust our outcome?

James Keene, City Manager: The point of this is that the recommendation is
guided for the most part to be in support of the pilot design of the RPP
Program. It is advancing the ball, so to speak, for RPP. I would think that's
pretty well known by folks in the neighborhoods.

Council Member Kniss: Unless you want comments from everyone else,
Mayor Holman, I would be delighted to move this motion, which has been
underway three years perhaps, for those of you who have been sitting here
longer, longer than that. It's terrific to see that we're passing it, going to
implement it. I'm going to presume that by the time we come back from
break, they'll be well underway. Correct? Is that a yes?

Ms. Gitelman: The current schedule is to begin selling permits in August, so
that we can start enforcing the program in early September.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

Council Member Kniss: It's terrific to be moving in that direction.        Would
you like me to read the motion?

Mayor Holman: Please. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: I'm delighted we're here. The summary title of this
is the fact finding recommendation and so forth. It reads consideration of
impasse and fact finding recommendation regarding RPP enforcement
                                                                         Page 39 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
