                         TRANSCRIPT
needed leverage with the developers to be accountable for their contractual
agreements.

Rita Vhrel: Hi, this is Rita Vhrel. I live in 25 Channing Avenue. I'd like to
ask you to support the residents of Edgewood Plaza and put your leverage
behind a grocery store going in there again. The other thing that I really
wanted to talk to you about was—I'll follow up on Mayor Holman's comments
on trees. I would like to ask you to revisit and to place an immediate
moratorium on the practice of dewatering, which is pumping out millions of
gallons of water at individual construction sites so as to build below the
ground level. In times of severe drought, it is unconscionable that these
millions of gallons of water are simply being pumped directly into the storm
drain, 24 hours a day, 30 days a month, month after month after month.
Four to six months of continual pumping is not uncommon. I have seen this
in the community center area. There is a project going on directly across
from the Main Library that you can go and see yourself. I am not against
people building, but I am against this water being wasted. I do not know
why this water cannot be put into individual water tanker trucks and
distributed around the City. If you look at the Magic Forest and the redwood
trees, these trees are dying. I personally know of four projects that are
pumping and have pumped in the community center area over the last two
years. Thank you very much.

Beverly Kobrin: I'm Beverly Kobrin. I'm 81 years old, and I'd like to give
another slant to the importance of that grocery store. With increasing age
comes the loss of independence, and I want to be able to walk to the store.
Please apply as much pressure as you can. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. This
discussion about the minimum wage kind of reminds me of the restaurant
columnists in the local papers. They can tell you where's the best place for
any kind of ethnic food and where's a place to impress a first date and then
there's one where to go if somebody else is paying. That's kind of what you
remind me of, or the proponents of an increase in minimum wage for people
who do not make enough to live in. I don't think it's unfair to say that the
main thrust of every Council in Palo Alto for the last 30, 40, 50 years, not
just you, has been to increase the property values in Palo Alto. The result is
that low-income people can't afford to live here. I think that if you do raise
the minimum wage, that's nice. Go down to Anna Eshoo and insist that the
Federal government not take so much away from people who can't live on
what they make. Tell the State to give some thought to the people who
have to pay for healthcare. My kid, when she was a resident, was working
120 hours a week. We tried to have a cap. The State of California said, "We
couldn't afford to run the county hospitals if these residents made minimum
                                                                         Page 12 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
