                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: This is what's wrong with this discussion. I also
think it might make more sense to go the purified water route. If we went
the purified—I can't make those decisions until you tell me, "To purify the
water, it's going to cost $40 million a thing or it's going to $80 million" and
what it's going to cost to do this pipeline. Is going to cost X, and that here's
the business model, as Council Member Burt suggested. Without a larger
context, I don't want us running down this path to do this recycled water
project thing.

Ms. North: I want to assure we're not running down the path on the
recycled water. We're just trying to keep our options open so we can look at
it and be diversified. If we don't have the Environmental Impact Report,
then that basically takes that option completely off the table. All we're
trying to do is say the EIR is certified.

Council Member Scharff: Wait. You have the EIR. We can certify it at any
time.

Ms. North: That's what I'm saying. All we need tonight is to get you guys to
certify the EIR. That's really all we're trying to do.

Council Member Scharff: Wait. We could certify this EIR any time. We can
certify it tonight. I mean, I'm happy to certify the EIR. I don't see any
reason not to do that. The question becomes why should we pass the
resolutions that say things. I understand that it's purely an issue of letting
the statute of limitations start to run. Are we really concerned that this is
what should be driving our policy discussions? I mean, I don't think it is. I
don't think we should allow a legal concern that, in my view, is fairly minor
frankly to be driving our policy discussions, which is what this is doing. I
want to have all of the information first.

Mayor Holman: Is Staff taking that as comments or is there anything that
you want to respond to? Anyone?

Ms. Stump: We do have language if that's the sense of the Council that they
would like to hear along the lines that ...

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to hear that language.

Ms. Stump: Here's our thinking. This is on packet page 165. It's the
resolution at Attachment B. In Section 1, the second sentence would be
modified by saying at the very end before the period, "subject to further
                                                                        Page 116 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
