                         TRANSCRIPT
ago with the Center for Priority-Based Budgeting.     They have done this in
about 60 cities nationwide and a few in California.

Council Member DuBois: Would we potentially roll that out partially in 2017?
Maybe you don't do every department, but you do some areas.

Mr. Rossmann: That would be a possibility. Usually it's done Citywide or
organization-wide at once. It's a question of capacity. You can get it done
in six months, but that takes Staff time away from other priorities. That's
what we're trying to balance.

Council Member DuBois: The last quick question was the mention about the
Animal Shelter. There was no increase in the Budget?

Mr. Keene: Yes, Council Member. The Finance Committee Members were
privy to this a little bit on the presentation that we had.               The
recommendation from the Auditor and my response, which was completely
aligned with hers, recommends for the long term maintaining animal control
and spinning off the Animal Shelter itself to either an existing or new not-
for-profit.   There was good support for that from the stakeholder
community. To do that, we've got about a year transition period. We're
losing the existing Director. We've got to get some consultant assistance to
do that. Those transition costs that we were estimating were wild guesses;
we will sharpen them with Finance Committee. It could be $200,000,
$250,000. That's not in the Budget yet. I wanted to call out anything that I
thought was a looming potential that I had not specifically included yet.

Council Member Burt: Thanks. I'll start with the Capital Improvement
Program. Just want to commend these changes in the format. Having
looked at this as a Planning Commissioner for nine years and seven on the
Council, this is a really good improvement to how this is going to be
presented. We can really see the totality of what's going on in projects and
see how things roll forward and not try to understand something through a
snapshot, when it's really a moving picture. This is really well done.
Second, I want to say this is really great that we're going to be able to
expand the Library and Community Center hours. That's going to be very
well received by the community. The new Libraries seem to be extremely
popular. All we hear is, "Why are they closing?" This is a great response to
that. I want to ask a follow-up question on the Staff changes. We didn't
have any written presentation in front of us, so we're all trying to go off of
what we heard verbally. What I thought I heard the City Manager describe
in additional Staff positions within departments sounded to be more than
what I thought I heard at the beginning of seven net Staff position


                                                                           Page 9 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
