                         TRANSCRIPT
pockets of potential. Again, that doesn't give you your critical mass. Thank
you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you a lot. Jessica Roth to be followed by Larry
Skarset, I believe it is. Good evening.

Jessica Roth: Hello, Council. Jessica Roth, business owner on California
Avenue. Thank you for your time tonight. I'm here to encourage you to
adopt the ordinance to limit the number of formula-operated businesses on
California Avenue. Also, I just want to clarify that we want to limit them,
not exclude them. I was pleased that we received full support from this
project from the PTC. I also wanted to remind you of the petition that we
sent around about a year ago and received over 700 signatures from
neighborhood residents and customers that supported this ordinance. There
are a lot of great examples of other cities that Staff has shown. They've had
great success. I hope that we can continue the success of something like
this in Palo Alto.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Larry Skarset, I'm sorry if I mispronounce your
name, to be followed by our final speaker, Stephanie Munoz.

Larry Skarset: Good evening, Mayor Holman. I just want to say a few
things. I guess I'm one of the retail small businesses involved in this
California Avenue. I've been a small business barber for—I can say I'm 69
years old. I've been—21 years old. I love this City. I've been here since I
was 21 years old. I just kind of hate to see—I know this is changing.
Maybe, like Mr. Pierce says, maybe that's not a great retail, but it's been
good to me. I'd just kind of like to see the City kind of—I don't know. It's
changing too fast. I like to see the changes, but it affects me. I hate to see
some of the small businesses being taken out. It'll affect me.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for taking the time to come. Stephanie Munoz is
our final speaker.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you, again. I'll try to be brief. It sounds really
good. It sounds as if you're going in the right direction. What I would like
further is to see if there isn't some kind of a law that would have saved
Cho's and Know Knew Books and some other retail establishments that give
the flavor to Palo Alto, which we've lost. It's kind of too bad. When people
have a piece of the valuable land, they're never content to have the same
old little bitty thing. They always want something bigger, and they're always
going to ask you if they couldn't have something bigger. I wonder if you
could stipulate that they keep the little whatever it is and if they do that,
they will be allowed to increase. They will be allowed to increase in the form
of medium or low-range housing, not offices. I think that might solve a lot
                                                                       Page 37 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
