                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I just wanted to say I know it's been a very complicated
Motion and a long discussion, but the net effect was very few changes in
wording to the draft Ordinance. There was a lot of direction about other
things to do and follow-up, but the Ordinance itself just changed in a few
ways. We're going to proceed with the second reading on your agenda as
planned. We'll get that to you in mid-October.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: Do we have anything from anyone? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I do have one thing. I will bring a memo forward on
this. I was on a plane for six hours today, so I had a lot of time to read the
packet. One of the things I thoroughly enjoyed was reading the Minutes
from the Planning and Transportation Commission. One of the things that I
couldn't read and I was kind of sad about it was any of our Minutes. Our
Minutes are simply Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by so-and-so and
so on and so forth as to what the Motion was. There is no context, no prose,
no anything to it whatsoever. Without tipping our hand, Tom and I will
come back with a suggestion that either we go back to sense Minutes or, if
you want to ...

Council Member Burt: You just tipped your hand.

Council Member Kniss: On purpose. Or if you want to plow through
verbatim Minutes, they are very awkward. I'm sure you read plenty in
transportation. There's nothing quite as awkward as reading what you
actually said, to be honest. Just to let you know that it has been frustrating
to not have the Minutes that we used to have. I'm not going to give the
lecture about artificial turf again tonight.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights. Meeting adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 12:31 P.M.




                                                                      Page 133 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
