                         TRANSCRIPT

who are all around here for transportation items go and not have to stay
here when we get into the Comp Plan discussion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I move that we change Item 28 to Item 24B.

Mayor Holman: I'll second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to move
forward Agenda Item Number 28- Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a
Letter Regarding Palo Alto’s Position… to be heard concurrently with Agenda
Item Number 24- Proposed Response to the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Authority’s (VTA’s)…

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with an
8-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor. Council Members.
Actually I don't have as many as you would think after you coming back on
recess. We'll pick up steam I'm sure as time goes on. I'm so glad we're all
back together. Monday nights were very unusual. First of all, they ended
before the light came up. El Camino Park, we did want to give the Council a
brief update. Our project to restore and improve El Camino Park following
the completion of the utilities water reservoir project is about 70 percent
complete and is scheduled to be finished this November, on time and within
budget. The 12-acre, $4 1/2 million park restoration project will create a
new recreational area and outdoor athletic center with many sustainable
features. New amenities include a Class 1 bike path, pervious concrete
parking spaces, decomposed granite perimeter pathways, benches,
enhancement of natural areas, field and park lighting, synthetic turf for
soccer and lacrosse, a natural grass softball field and restrooms. The
synthetic turf is unique in the United States that we're using, meeting strict
environmental standards chosen by Palo Alto. In response to the drought,
the City used construction contingency funding to substitute recycled water
for site grading, compaction and dust control that would otherwise have
used about 250,000 gallons of potable water. Thanks to our Staff for that
focus on sustainability. A drought update. Cumulatively since June 1st, Palo
Alto's water savings are about 33 percent compared to 2013 levels, the year
established for benchmarking water use reduction targets within our state.
Palo Alto must achieve a Citywide 24 percent water use reduction from June
                                                                       Page 28 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
