                         TRANSCRIPT
spending adjustments to the Project Safety Net budget as we make more
progress on the new design. That being said, I don't know if you mentioned
it earlier, we do have about $25,000 in a fund within the Project Safety Net
budget that we think has some flexibility and could allow us to make some
initial expenditures in this area if we needed to going forward. Mostly, just
to let you know that there are some potential other adjustments or
conversations we'll have to have with the Council relating to products,
services and funding.

Mr. Rossmann: Quickly, for the Council review. We brought up the budget
for Project Safety Net on the PowerPoint slide. We don't have a hard copy
for you yet. It shows on the last column the requested change for contract
staffing in the amount of $80,000. That would be the item we're asking for
additional approval tonight.

Mayor Holman: I didn't hear a clear answer as to police.

Mr. Keene: We have various Staff here. We did ask to be sure that the
Assistant Chief of Police was here. I see Bob Beacom here. Council
Members had some questions; there were some issues related to more of an
on-the-street police presence, both in Downtown and potentially California
Avenue. It's some other general interest in a community-oriented policing
approaches. If there's more you would want to add to that, other than that,
Bob?

Bob Beacom, Acting Assistant Police Chief: Perfect, thank you. Mayor
Holman and Council Members, good evening. My name's Bob Beacom and
I'm the Acting Assistant Police Chief at the Police Department. I understand
that there were a couple of questions that came up last week. I'm sorry we
weren't here to answer those. Specifically in regard to community policing,
associated with that is how we deploy our resources. I have a few things, if
I may, to talk to you about on a high level, and then I'd be happy to answer
any questions that you have. Let me start with community policing. There
are a lot of different definitions of community policing and a lot of different
thoughts on that. For our department, our philosophy is that community
policing is working in a proactive partnership with our community to identify
and solve problems. There is an expectation from the Chief down that our
Staff members will embrace the philosophy. Any time we're working on an
operational issue, the expectation is that we will work with our community to
come up with solutions and ideas and solve problems as we go. As a matter
of fact, we evaluate our employees in part on how they embrace our
philosophy and what type of outreach that they do with the community. In
relation to resource deployment, I can tell you that resource deployment for
us is a daily exercise and activity. If I may, I'd like to give you a general

                                                                        Page 12 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
