                          TRANSCRIPT
together. You've got the CAC to discuss policy focus and planning and
development of Community Cubberley Center. Shouldn't that be a "G?" I
mean, it's confusing to have them together. I think "direct CAC," shouldn't
that be "G?" Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: That's fine.

Mayor Holman: For clarity. Council Member Filseth? Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part G, “direct CAC to
focus on the policy of” with “CAC to discuss the.”
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, did you have anything else?

Council Member Scharff: Just one brief comment. I do think that when we
do put policies into the Comprehensive Plan, they should be somewhat
achievable. I was sort of surprised to find out that we're 20 acres behind. I
mean, I think if we put stuff in documents, we need to actually live up to
that. If we decide that's what we're going to do, then we need to figure out
ways to make that happen. That may mean buying property to build parks.
I mean, that's what it may mean. Having higher park fees and doing that. I
don't think that we should just put stuff in here because it makes us feel
good and then not do it.

Mayor Holman: I have Council Members Kniss, Berman, Vice Mayor Schmid,
and Council Member Burt. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I will try to keep some of this brief. I think we're
doing also a lot of wordsmithing. I want to call out the new one about
health and well being. The Mayor and I have been working on a separate
project this year that deals with Healthy Cities. We have not dealt with this
before. I think it's really important for the community to know that this
talks about the quality, affordability, particularly for children, youth, seniors
and so forth. There's far more information that's in our packet tonight. I
think it's important that the community know that we're focusing on a
different area. When you're talking about parks, you are talking about
health. You're talking about places that you can hike or run or whatever you
may want to do. As far as Council Member Scharff's policy statement
regarding parks, if I heard you right Rob, you said we're at what? Twenty
acres under? What are we guessing acreage runs in Palo Alto these days?
Do you want me to make a guess?

Mr. de Geus: It's very expensive.


                                                                         Page 68 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
