                          TRANSCRIPT

for permits successfully. We did kind of uncover some issues that we were
able to fix. As with anything, there's bugs, but we're working on it.

James Keene, City Manager: I just went on and registered while we were
talking here. I didn't see that there are any bugs. I think that there are sort
of user-friendly kind of directions that make it just as intuitive as possible.
We'll make some of those changes.

Council Member DuBois: The next step will be actually payment processing
and that kind of stuff. Will day passes be purchase-able online? I did look
at the site, and it said you have to go to City Hall.

Ms. Sullivan: Yes, all the passes will be online.

Council Member Dubois: I had a question about the working group in Phase
2. Is there any thought given to maybe expanding the RPP group as we
move into the next phase or do you think the group is working the way it is?

Ms. Sullivan: I think that it'll be great to have some new faces in the group.
There's a sort of core group that's been there, and I expect they'll continue
to participate. We've also had some sort of shake up. Folks have left for
personal reasons and for business reasons. I think that we could certainly
entertain that.

Council Member Dubois: It's kind of my impression and I expect, as you roll
it out more, people are going to start paying attention. With the addition of
the revenue control systems in the garages, is that going to free up
enforcement personnel to cover other areas potentially?

Ms. Sullivan: That is going to be something we discuss. Depending on what
sort of access control you give, you can tie with enforcement. There are
some considerations when that happens, which we need to discuss with the
group. That is on the table, but we're not there yet.

Council Member DuBois: You won't be able to get out of the garage unless
you pay, right? The gates will be down so ...

Ms. Sullivan: Or you get out of the garage and you end up with a citation in
the mail five weeks later, which nobody likes.

Council Member DuBois: Right. I just have a few more if I could continue.



                                                                        Page 15 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
