                          TRANSCRIPT
building structure, the columns, the pilasters, the openings, obviously
openings that face the street.         Recesses are all encouraged in the
Downtown, and you can find that walking up and down the street. Closer
up. The building on the left, a Category 2 historic structure by Birge Clark
that we recently restored. The addition to it to the left, you can see how
we've aligned building window lines with the fascia of our building next door.
The canopy lines pull across the big opening of Birge's building, the big
opening of our building. Window proportions. In this particular case, they're
vertically proportioned on Birge Clark's building. Our building, we've taken
that same proportion and turned it to try to create a similar kind of texture
on the building. Historic compatibility. The Secretary of the Interior's
Guidelines state, "New work shall be differentiated from the old and shall be
compatible with the mass and scale and architectural features." Here it's a
clear definition. They really encourage clear definition between the old and
the new. There's no mistaking it. Again here, the definition of the building
that we did of the old and the new. The old obviously solid, and the new
transparent. The old horizontal bricks, and the new horizontal window
relationships. Urban compatibility is measured by fulfilling design goals of
the community.        For instance, creating mixed-use buildings in our
Downtown. We're doing that; there's four apartments in this building along
with the commercial space. Reinforcing the block face. It's very important
that University Avenue have a defined corridor. Up to our third floor we're
reinforcing the block face similar to other buildings along the street. The
buildings that are in dark red are 50 feet or taller. Our building is about 40
feet except the part that says 429 in red. That's the 50-foot portion of the
building. Major setbacks on all sides nearly for our building. The Downtown
goal of invigorating the sidewalk, creating great pedestrian shopping
experiences through the use of recesses and canopies and large store fronts,
enhanced sidewalk patterns. In my mind, the ribbon of trees does more for
the linkages, the urban linkages, of University Avenue than the buildings do.
In fact, the height of buildings almost disappears when you see it in this kind
of context. What becomes very important is that first 15 feet as you're
walking along the sidewalk. That's what you experience. This is a view of
University Avenue. The top view is the south view across the street. The
bottom view is the north view. Kipling is right in the center. The purpose of
this is to show the texture of that streetscape, defined through windows,
pilasters, recesses, etc. It's about a 25 to 30-foot rhythm.       Sometimes
there's accents, like in the Lululemon building there, a vertical accent at an
entry. On the slide below, you can see a similar pattern. The next slide
puts our building in the photograph, superimposes it there, where we have
continued that 25 to 30-foot rhythm. This was something that the ARB and
we worked very closely trying to create that. It extends up and through the
building. In terms of roof transitions, it goes from the six story across the
street, six story President Hotel down to a 1 1/2-story building up to the
                                                                       Page 29 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
