                          TRANSCRIPT
after six years of the recycled water project in this City with the release of
your draft Environmental Impact Report in late April 2015. There's no
relationship between potable water and recycled water and the impact that
each is supposed to have on the other's use. There's no substantial
evidence to support that provision. I would also suggest consistent with the
case I mentioned, based on personal knowledge, four out of five days every
working week for the last ten months, I go either out Page Mill from El
Camino to 280 or Page Mill/Oregon to 101. The delays are extensive.
That's based on my personal knowledge. There's not an adequate analysis
of that delay, emergency access, much less construction impacts, temporary
and permanent, under CEQA Guideline Section 15.6.4(c) in this analysis.
Fair argument can be made that an environmental impact review is needed
on water, transportation and traffic. With respect to the allegations about
delay sometimes being 10 to 20 minutes to go to either thoroughfare from
1:30 to 4:30 on, that is precisely the type of traffic analysis that was
validated based on personal knowledge in the case I mentioned. How many
times do we have to raise by personal knowledge my experience, Terry
Shuckett's experience, a letter from some resident, before Staff recognizes
that as a valid method to analyze traffic? Once again, it's not present in the
record, and I suggest on that basis alone, particularly when you put in
construction traffic, think of the projects that are going now, think of the
projects that are in the pipeline. It's jammed up now at that intersection.

Louis Luh: I have two concerns. One is the calculation for parking. Right
now the calculation assumes shared parking, assumes residents also only
park during the night and tenants only park during the day. This is never
the case. The residents always want to have dedicated parking or assigned
parking. They believe the shared parking can work. They need to show
some way to enforce the shared parking. Ask the residents to remove their
cars by 8:00 in the morning and ask the office tenant to leave the work, no
overtime, by 5:00 p.m. That way they can actually share. Otherwise, they
have to calculate based on no share. For all locations I see, all residential
parking need to be dedicated. Nobody will accept shared parking. Another
problem I see is the entrance for the parking only 20 feet wide for both
enter and leave. If one car is about to leave, another car want to drive in,
there's only 20 feet wide. You need to make a wide turn into the parking. If
there's a car wanting to leave, it's impossible to do this. That car waiting to
go into the garage will block your view. This will cause the congestion on
Page Mill. I would suggest to have the entrance and the exit to be two
different place. Entrance on this side and exit on that side, so the entrance
will not block the exit and the view will not be blocked by the entrance car.

Jason Robinson: Good evening. I'm also going to talk about the parking
and traffic congestion as well. It appeared to me in the analysis we saw
                                                                       Page 114 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
