                          TRANSCRIPT
using it for the History Museum. Mayor Holman, I apologize if I put words in
your mouth. I remember we had many discussions prior to other people
getting on the Council about TDRs. You made an impassioned plea about
how important it is to rehabilitate our historic buildings. In fact, one of the
concerns with getting rid of the parking exemptions, which frankly I pushed
strongly when it came to the TDRs, was that we needed to strike that right
balance. If we got rid of TDRs completely, then we would not see the
historic rehabilitation in our community that we all want to see. By getting
rid of the parking component of that, we mitigated most of the issues, I
believe, with TDRs which is the impact in terms of the parking. Unless we
got rid of TDRs, as a Council policy decision, I would strongly support the
use of sale of TDRs for this, because otherwise we're going to take $3 million
out of our infrastructure budget or some other need that we have in the
City. I would strongly support the Staff recommendation as is.

Mayor Holman: You're exactly right, Council Member Scharff.              Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Avenidas is a really great return on investment
and has been for a long time. What we get out of Avenidas, I think, is a lot
more than what we put into it. I don't think we should lose sight of that.
Because of the services they provide, the fact that it is a City-owned
building, the fact that's is a historic building, a beautiful building that has
served its purpose well, but does need, I will absolutely be supporting this
once Council Member Kniss makes her motion.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Council Members. I'm very supportive of
supporting Avenidas.     Council Member Scharff was correct about the
comments about TDRs. It really isn't zoning for sale. It is an exchange for a
public benefit, whether it's seismic or historic rehabilitation that we are
trading density. They do have to be parked again due to Council action
earlier this year. I will ask Council Member Kniss, though, when you're
making your motion to consider that the motion be more directed more
specifically to what Avenidas is actually asking for, which is funding for the
seismic and historic rehabilitation of the existing building.       As Council
Member Scharff had indicated too, supported funding in part by sale of
seismic and historic TDRs.      Those would be my only comments.             In
conversation with Ms. Hendrickson and Amy previously, I know that the
construction project for those two activities exceed $5 million at any rate.
The other thing of this which is a legality which is that the sale of TDRs, the
funding I should say from TDRs have to be expended for the exact purpose
that they are sold. In other words, let's just say a seismic TDR raises $1
million, it has to be expended on the seismic rehabilitation of the building.


                                                                       Page 82 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
