                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump replied absolutely.    The Council was not taking action at the
current time.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if the Council was voting on an Amended Motion.

Mayor Holman explained that the Council was voting on the Amendment
independent of the Motion.

Ms. Stump indicated the Amendment could be characterized as a separate
Motion and would survive if the underlying Motion failed.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Keene reported Staff would return to the Council with issues involved
with Item 2. The Council wished to make a public statement of its intentions
in the area of ground-floor retail. Staff would return as quickly as possible
with an Interim Ordinance and a detailed report of the work needed to
accomplish other things.

Council Member Burt believed the Motion was intended to be inclusive of
measures the Council might take outside of the Comprehensive Plan to
address development issues and other issues relating to traffic impacts.
That was not all he wanted to do. In the fall of 2014, the Council was
considering either changing the Zoning Code prior to the Comprehensive
Plan or a cap. Neither of which were included in the Motion. Within zoning
changes, he wanted to include review of exceptions. He would not support
the Motion. He preferred to hold an additional discussion of all measures.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Council Member Bert was
requesting clarification of the Motion.

Council Member Burt was not willing to support the Motion unless it returned
for further discussion of either a cap or zoning on an interim basis or within
the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Berman intended the Motion to be an alternative to a cap,
but did not intend for it to include potential zoning changes.

Council Member Burt had not ruled out a moderate, reasonable cap.

Vice Mayor Schmid concurred with Council Member Burt that the Motion did
not effectively deal with the range of issues discussed. He would not
support the Motion.

Mr. Keene suggested the Council hold the Motion as a draft so that Staff
could provide additional information.

03/02/2015                                                              117- 51
