                          TRANSCRIPT
property just on this side of the entry door that's closest to Gilman Street
and place a door in that. You'd have the same entrance and the same lobby
to the City's functions. Except for the small area needed for the window
service behind the windows, you can concentrate the Post Office services
and consolidate them on the Waverley Street side. The City would have the
remainder of the first floor and all of the basement and all of the mezzanine.
Keeping the Postal Service in essentially the same location would enable
them to operate there without having a temporary relocation. All the tenant
improvement construction activities could occur during the time that the
Postal Service window service is not taking place. Those are advantages.
The lobby area is probably larger than the area that the Post Office would
say it would need for a minimum area. You have to take that into
consideration. Thank you.

Leland Alton: Good evening. Two nights ago at around 8:00, I left my room
at the Opportunity Center, which I have lived at for quite some time now. I
noticed that the street and the sidewalk across the street from there, along
Encina Avenue, was filling up with water. That's unusual these days. That
property belongs to Town and Country, the shopping center. There is
legitimate reason to water the place; there's plants there. I didn't think that
much of it at the time; I have a bunch of problems of my own. The next
day, 24 hours later, a woman I was sitting with at the designated smoking
area commented that this had been going on for hours. It still was. That
was 24 hours later. First I went to the office, the management office at
Town and Country, which I happened to remember where it was, and found
out that the place was called Crosspoint. I could have found this out on the
'net, which I later did. I did everything I could to try to contact them on my
computer at home. Their answering service, which I think belongs to them,
that's one of the many things that they have instructed not to inform
anybody of. It was characterized as an emergency number at one of these
two web pages, crosspoint.com/pages/about/portfolio.htm with a "contact
us" button.        The other page where their properties are listed is
crosspoint/pages/contact/contact_sf.htm. This happened several years ago
as well when the drought first started, the exact same thing. During a
weekday I managed to get in touch with one of their executives who
explained that the reason—they don't have an emergency number. They
don't list their properties.

Lois Salo: I'm Lois Salo. I'm with Women's International League for Peace
and Freedom, a 100-year-old peace group. I want Palo Alto to enact a $15
wage. Los Angeles has it, and Palo Alto can well afford that. Secondly, we
need rent control in this town. People are being evicted because they can't
afford the rising rents. I noted that the grand jury has said that Palo Alto
needs to do more on global warming. I call that to your attention. Divest
                                                                          Page 7 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
