                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:    To be fair, if you have another question, you should also
ask it.

Council Member Burt: I'll go with one more. One of the questions is—that
I'm not expecting you to have an answer for here—but on the basis of what
we've really been discussing about broadband Wi-Fi on the horizon with 5G
systems, I haven't seen the number broken out nor is it really a viable
option for us to be thinking of another scenario which is essentially fiber to
the curb. Rather than having to take it into the household, we basically
have a lower cost of Wi-Fi to the street. Does that work? Is that on the
horizon as a viable technical alternative? If so, is it a different cost
scenario?

Mr. Asp: I think in that one, we didn't look at that model in particular.
There's a couple of challenges when you start doing that. When you start
talking about going up to the next AC and some of the other new standards,
you're going up. That's a 5 gig standard. You have different types of
penetration of how well it goes from an outdoor coverage to the indoors.
Some of those. You also have to, when you bring fiber to the curb and then
have an access point, and then trying to get indoor coverage, then you have
looking at the devices. If you took a look at the Wi-Fi module in this, is
whether it's going to get the penetration or do you have to have an external
bridge that connects your devices. It's a little bit—there's some complexities
(crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: Those are some of the technical issues I was alluding
too. I'm saying I appreciate that there are those technical issues and that
they would have to be really broken down and see whether this is an
alternative. I'm simply saying that it seems that based on what we heard
tonight, this is something that we'd want to look at more deeply.

Council Member Berman: Thank you guys very much. Thanks for the
report, the presentation today and a lot of the good answers and thorough
answers you guys have had to our questions. There are a lot of points that I
agree with and could extrapolate on. Given the length of conversation we've
already had, I just have a quick question maybe for Staff more than the
consultant. We've talked a lot about how lucky we have to have such a
remarkably strong Utilities Advisory Commission. It's one that we rely on a
lot. The UAC, albeit by a small margin, voted to recommend a bit of a
different Option 1 where—I guess the way it's written in the Staff Report,
the UAC requested that Staff evaluate a City-owned FTTP network to all Palo
Alto households and businesses as a publicly funded public benefit. Instead,
Staff's recommending an evaluation of the strengths and weaknesses of
                                                                       Page 40 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
