                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: This is having Staff talk about the tax measure in
general, right?

Council Member Burt: This might be as referring to the content of "A" which
is the only concrete recommendation we've made here.

Council Member DuBois: I accept it, but I ...

Council Member Burt: It'd be a separate subject how you want to talk about
allocation of the other elements of the tax measure. This is just focusing on
the grade sep issue. If you want to add something about other elements,
then that's a different subject, to my mind.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “that the criteria for
allocating funds to specific grade separations be driven by need factors.”

Council Member Burt: I wanted to just add a couple of other things then.
This really addresses one of the main problems. We touched on it earlier
with the High Speed Rail, but it really pertains to Caltrain. We look at what
Caltrain has asked from the County. First, they're double dipping on their
asks. The rolling stock and electrification, they don't have a $750 million
shortfall for that. What they don't have in their current—they have a what?
200 million or so shortfall, and they've been pursuing it through cap and
trade dollars and they just had a large delegation to DC. They're looking at
any pot they can. They're putting the full amount here as well as pursuing
the full amount in other directions. That's fine; that's how this whole wish
list got so big from everyone. It's interesting that Caltrain doesn't prioritize
grade separations. In fact, they simply say, "We will support your efforts
and your funding for grade separations, but we won't own responsibility for
it." Just as High Speed Rail does. Basically, we have these two rail agencies
that are externalizing the impacts of more trains. They are treating it as if
their whole business is running the trains on the tracks, and they have no
responsibility for the related impacts of that action. That's just wrong. Now,
we can understand why in an era of limited dollars, especially toward transit,
they're going to be tempted to fight for the dollars for the things that occur
right on their tracks basically. Overall, it's just a wrong approach. We
shouldn't allow for it, and we should be very clear, and other cities should be
very clear, to Caltrain that "as our representative, you have to share an
ownership for this, and you should be fighting as hard for dollars on grade
separations as you are for every other measure." Finally, the Mayor asked
earlier about comparing riders in Santa Clara County on BART to Caltrain.
We can't quite do that, because there's no BART to Santa Clara County yet.
There are projected riderships. The metric is not how many riders. It's how

                                                                          Page 60 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
