                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Just briefly. I think there's a difference between
conservancy and recreation. As a municipality, for us they're clearly linked,
but they don't necessarily have to be in lockstep. The most important thing
is that the land be preserved, which it is. We're going to have it for a long,
long time. I don't see a need to rush into using it urgently. I think as was
pointed out, we've got much larger Foothills Park right next to it. We've got
Monte Bello Open Space Preserve and Los Trancos not too far up Page Mill.
I think we might as well take our time and proceed deliberately on this. It's
not going anywhere. Thanks.

Council Member Wolbach: I will just second everything that Council Member
Filseth said.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd propose an amendment, Number 4, which would be
an alternative option and would include the "1," "2," "3" on packet page 175.
That would install fencing and gates, install a simple loop trail and open the
site to the public.

Mayor Holman: Ask the maker of the motion, do you accept that?

Council Member Filseth: I think I will not accept that.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor, you could float that as a separate amendment.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Okay, an amendment.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to add to the Motion: Alternative option:

A.    Install the necessary fencing and gates to ensure that the 7.7 acre
      site, including the Acterra Nursery, is safe and secure; and

B.    Install a simple loop trail and two park benches; and

C.    Open the site to the public.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor, would you care to speak to your amendment?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think as we move forward to make some very hard
decisions over the next two, three, four years, that we'd be engaged in this
that it's important that the public is an active participant in it. For a very
reasonable price, we could not only get that benefit but have the pleasure of
utilizing our 7.7-acre space in a unique environment. I think it is a bargain
to work for and well worth it.
                                                                       Page 57 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
