                          TRANSCRIPT
the patrol staff which is the meat and potatoes of police work, they're out in
the field. It's secondary for us where it is.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Public coming with questions, do they usually do that
remotely? How many people knock on the door?

Mr. Burns: That's a great question. We'll track that for you by the next time
we come back. We probably have between 50 and 70 people come in each
day for a variety of things. They're getting their cars; they're getting
property back; they're meeting an officer, meeting a detective, getting their
vehicles back after it's been towed, asking questions, trying to resolve issues
with a report; those types of things.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Did you say 50 to 70?

Mr. Burns: That would be a guess. We'll track that for a period of time.
The next time we come back, we'll have some numbers for you over a period
of time that we can explain to you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Second question is disaster response, since
we have all three units in one place, and security and safety of that building
is important. When disaster strikes, you call in officers who are not there to
come and help. You have other people coming in. It becomes a center of
action, and you want to make sure you can respond. East of Bayshore
seems to be a problem. If something happens to one of those bridges, the
ability to get there and back into town would be an issue. It seems to me
the Sherman Avenue has similar issues. If something happened to the
Oregon overpass and remembering the '89 earthquake, when a disaster
happens everyone hops in their car. If you have the employee density on
the west side of Alma trying to flow to the east side of Alma, it seems to me
emergency vehicles would have a hard time crossing that barrier. Any
comment on the vulnerability of Sherman Avenue being closed down?

Mr. Sartor: As you may recall, the Public Safety Building design that we
were underway with back in the 2008 timeframe was at the Park Boulevard
site. I would hazard to say that the vulnerability issues of that site and the
Sherman Avenue site would be relatively equivalent.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would raise the same issue. It seems to me that El
Camino would become a parking lot. Park Boulevard is a dead end. How do
you get out of there?

Mr. Sartor: As Dennis mentioned, and he might be able to elaborate on this,
a lot of the emergency responders are out in the field already. Similarly, for
the Public Works Department and the Utilities Department, we're located at
                                                                         Page 31 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
