                          TRANSCRIPT

Jeralyn Moran: Good evening. My name's Jeralyn Moran. I'm a Palo Alto
resident. First, I need to convey the spirit of why I'm standing in front of
you. That is because I'm very concerned about the moral imperative that
we have, all of us and you as decision-makers, about this climate change
issue. You represent our City, and so you have an opportunity to really lead
the way in terms of the transportation arena. I'm really hoping with this
long list of projects that you have to consider to offer to VTA and also
potential projects for this tax proposal, this tax measure in 2016, that you'll
keep in mind that I hope you'll steer clear of projects that encourage single
occupancy vehicles and any accommodation to fossil fuel uses. It's really
important that we move away from that. I guess the widening of Page Mill
would be an example that I encourage you to steer clear of. We just can't
afford to waste the time and the money when we could redirect all of it
towards a really healthier and strong public transportation structure,
especially down El Camino. Obviously it should have happened many, many
years ago, but it's imperative now. It's only going to become worse. We
need to do something with the El Camino corridor. The rapid transit concept
will use the existing roads, but if those dedicated lanes are shared with the
Google buses and emergency vehicles and other high occupancy vehicles, it
will be actually a quite cost-effective option and something that's doable on
El Camino. Including safe bike passage on El Camino is very important too.
We're trying to move away from a fossil fuel world. You have an opportunity
to lead the way. As a person trained in wildlife habitat management and
wildlife rehabilitation, I have strong feelings about the welfare of our native
wildlife. Of course, the colossal problems that we have caused and continue
to cause the natural world with our activities—what I'm thinking about right
now especially is climate change. Anything we can do, it's our responsibility
to move away from fossil fuel dependence. In summary, I implore you to
consider my thoughts when you decide on the projects that go into these
two categories. Thank you very much.

Omar Chatty: My name's Omar Chatty. I live in San Jose. I commuted to
Palo Alto for 17 years, working in high tech. I worked in high tech for 35
years. I'll just make my comments as quick as I can. I hope you'll adapt
your letter, which looks really good, except where you say, "Via such
systems as Caltrain or BART," "and/or BART," however you want to put it.
Put BART in there, because that's the integrated system for the Bay Area.
That ties excellently into your document. I want to decry the yellow
journalism of the Daily Post, which is not unusual for them, as much as I like
them sometimes. They forgot to mention that in 2000 70 percent of the
county voted for BART. 2008, 67 percent of Palo Altans voted for BART.
Palo Altans, the most educated community in the county with the highest
                                                                        Page 57 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
