                          TRANSCRIPT
the result of a building that was demolished. We believe that there are
probably a handful of examples in the City where we have allowed the
demolition of buildings to occur and those TDRs to be transferred to other
sites. The reason we have had that policy in the past is that it was Staff's
perspective or understanding that the objective of the seismic upgrade
ordinance was to remove seismically vulnerable buildings. Carrying it down
and establishing it with a new building would achieve that goal. Now, we've
heard the last time this item was before the City Council in May that it didn't
appear that the entire Council shared that perspective. There hasn't been
another case like this one processed, and we're coming back to you next
week with a possible amendment to clarify that understanding.

Council Member Kniss:         Currently, though, as you're viewing it, this
applicant qualifies for the TDRs as we are defining them currently?

Mr. Lait: I believe that this project did meet the obligations of the Code as
they have been applied to other projects in the past.

Council Member Kniss: Good. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth. Questions and comments.

Council Member Filseth: Comments. (inaudible) more of a comment. I
hate subjective Codes, and this is why. A subjective Code is still a Code. To
me, the Code issue comes down, as I think Tom mentioned before, to the
issue of compatibility, particularly with respect to, in this case, scale,
massing and to some extent transitions. I know that the applicant has spent
a lot of time on this as has the ARB and the City. I can't look at this and say
it's compatible. Yeah, it varies a little bit by angle. If you look at this
project in the context of its surroundings, it's outside the envelope, at least
to me. If it's not compatible, then it doesn't meet Code. I think we have to
be really careful on compatibility issues, because once you approve one
compatibility issue, you've got sort of implications for the building next door
to that, for example. I hate subjective Codes, but subjective Codes are still
Codes. To my view, this doesn't meet Code.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of things, and then I'm thinking Council
Member Burt and then I think Council Member Scharff's questions weren't all
answered. Just a couple of things. Whether this project—Staff will correct
me if I'm wrong here. I just don't want us to go down some kind of side
path here. Whether this project is entitled TDRs and they've been granted
TDRs is not at question, because this project wouldn't have gotten this far if
the owner didn't already have accredited, delivered TDRs. Is that correct?
Okay. How the TDRs are applied is a wholly other matter. I just don't want
us to go down the track of "should these have been issued, should these
                                                                           Page 28 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
