                              MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach remarked that climate change was a top tier threat
to global economic, social, political, and agricultural stability. Palo Alto was
vulnerable to flooding from sea level rise and at risk of water insecurity.
Divestment sent a political and financial message. He favored divestment of
fossil fuel investments.

Mayor Holman had often said that values should determine spending. The
same applied to investment of funds.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

12.   Public Hearing: Proposed Changes in Development Impact Fees:
      Adoption of Resolution 9494 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Setting New Public Safety Facility and General
      Government Facility Impact Fee Levels as Approved by Council on
      December 15, 2014.”

James Keene, City Manager, reported the Council had previously adopted an
Ordinance that established Public Safety Facility and General Government
Facility fees. A Resolution setting fees at a maximum amount of 75 percent
was also required. He recommended the Council adopt the Resolution.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 10:22 P.M.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired about the source for the assumed numbers of
employees per 1,000 square feet. Numbers in the table were dramatically
below the current assumptions.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, explained that those numbers had been
revised and could be found on page 824.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to adopt the Resolution, setting new Public Safety Facility and
General Government Facility Impact fees at 75 percent of maximum levels,
as directed by Council on December 15, 2014 when it adopted the
implementing Ordinance.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Closed Session

15.   CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY/LEGAL COUNSEL
      ANTICIPATED LITIGATION (as defendant)
      Subject: Claim of Eileen A. Staats, filed January 5, 2015
      (Telephone User Tax)
      Authority: California Government Code section 54956.9(d)(2)

02/09/2015                                                              116- 478
