                          TRANSCRIPT
myself, which is an artistic expression for me. I understand that Tarlton
Properties has rights, and we want to come to a fair decision. Please don't
take these experiences away from me. As a stay-at-home mom, I spend so
much time creating a cheerful environment for my family. The kitchen is our
command center where we listen to music and my children and I bake and
dance together. We have an entire chalkboard wall on the back porch where
the children like to play. This project will shadow it all in darkness. We've
done our part to be environmentally friendly. Please do not allow this
development to block my family's sunlight and extinguish some of our cheer.
Thank you.

Peter Brewer, speaking for five people: Good evening; thank you. I'm Peter
Brewer. I'm a business owner in Palo Alto and the owner of the office
building that's immediately adjacent to the proposed project to its north. I
heard a lot of misinformation up here about the zoning. The zoning is 37
feet. It's CC(2). None of us is immediately next to Palo Alto Central.
There's a property between us and Palo Alto Central. My building is under
37 feet. The elevator tower as currently configured, if you add up the plans,
it goes to 54 feet, in answer to your question Council Member Kniss, 54 feet.
It could be cut down considerably. The stair towers are somewhere between
47 and 50 feet. I want to say before I go on, I'm aware of the concerns of
other people here about parking, traffic congestion, bicycle safety. I agree
with those concerns as well. I'm going to limit my time to talking about the
DEE, but that doesn't mean that I'm not cognizant of those other issues. I
do agree with and support those. A Design Enhancement Exception is to
permit a minor exception when doing so will enhance the design of a
proposed project without altering its impact on surrounding properties.
That's the starting place. It shall not be granted—the shall is in the Code—
shall not be granted unless it's found that, there's three conditions that it
has to meet. The first one is that there are exceptional or extraordinary
circumstances or conditions applicable to the property that do not apply
generally to properties in the same zone district. The second one—these are
in the conjunctive. It's "and" not "or"—it shall not be granted unless it's
found that it'll improve the neighborhood character and preserve an existing
or proposed architectural style, and it shall not be granted unless it's related
to a minor architectural feature that will not be detrimental or injurious to
the property or improvements in the vicinity. Projecting this building 17
additional feet high is not a minor exception. It's 45 percent of the height
limit, to go from 37 to 54 feet. It's not a minor exception. It does impact
the surrounding properties, as you just heard Ms. Jacobs saying. It puts the
Jacobs' residence and my office building in significant shade. It blocks the
view from my office and the entire window line of my second story. It
blocks the view of the trees and the hills. It interferes with the privacy to
the residents of Palo Alto Central. It imposes a monolithic wall soaring 50
                                                                         Page 49 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
