                             MINUTES
Wynn Grcich reported the State allowed oil companies to dispose of waste
water from fracking operations in aquifers holding potable water. Fluoride
was poison. Fluoridated water should be banned from store shelves.

Omar Chatty noted three people had committed suicide on Caltrain tracks.
The cost to extend Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) along the Peninsula would
be equivalent to the cost of grade separations for train tracks. The Council
should disclose the vote regarding the Caltrain Electrification Project.

Hamilton Hitchings was alarmed by the large number of office buildings
constructed in Downtown and by the number of projects in the pipeline. He
implored the Council to limit the number of office buildings being approved
and to encourage development of multi-unit residences. He hoped the
Council would reject the 441 Page Mill Road Project based on an accurate
financial analysis.

Rita Vrhel felt the Council should take as much time as it needed to consider
each Agenda Item carefully and thoroughly as the Council was the final
arbiter of many community concerns.

Paul Machato advised that the City could not sweep the streets of Evergreen
Park because of parked vehicles. Residents of Evergreen Park needed
assistance with parking and street sweeping.

Consent Calendar

James Keene, City Manager, noted Agenda Item Number 10 concerned the
appointment of Rob De Geus as Director of the Community Services
Department.

Rob De Geus, Community Services Director, believed the City of Palo Alto
was a great place to visit, work, and live because of Council investment in
community services, parks, arts, and recreation facilities. It was an honor
and privilege to be appointed as Director.

Mr. Keene reported the City conducted a national research for the position
and received applications from candidates with years of experience.
Interviews were conducted with department heads, the Executive Leadership
Team, and a community panel. Mr. De Geus exited those interviews as the
top candidate to lead the organization.

Mayor Holman congratulated Mr. De Geus on his appointment and thanked
him for his prior service.




02/09/2015                                                            116- 460
