                          TRANSCRIPT
goes up, up, up and it's out of the way. The second thing is in all of these
places where there's going to be parks, you could have some housing on top
of the community center or the little building that you're going to have. It
wouldn't be in the way, and it could even have a different entrance. It
needn't bother anybody. I look at the Mitchell Park Library. It's great; it's
fine. You could have had housing on top of that Community Center easy. It
wouldn't have bothered anybody, because you have the land around it which
would provide that FAR, that Floor Allowance Ratio, that you want in order to
make Palo Alto look like single-family homes that are surrounded by
acreage. Give that some thought. Thank you. Bye.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 10:45 P.M.
Mayor Holman:      City Attorney, would care to respond to first speaker's
comments?

Ms. Stump: Yes. First, I'd like to thank Jeff Levinsky for assisting us with
proofreading. We can apparently always use a little extra help. We would
like to ask that the Council eliminate Finding I on page 2 and also ...

Mayor Holman: That's page 2 of the ordinance, of course, right?

Ms. Stump: I'm sorry. That's packet page 214. That's the language unless
the new ordinance is adopted. The second change was correctly identified
by the speaker. At the bottom of page 219, eliminate the word "however"
and then the first sentence essentially at the top of packet page 220, leaving
the last sentence. The third comment is a new policy idea that we would like
the opportunity to review. We would ask that that be set aside for now.
We'll take a look at that and add it to a Code cleanup in the future if it's
warranted. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: If I could just—Council Member Scharff, I'll get to you in a
just second. The reason for that being the 3.0 provision is there because—
although I understand the concern of the speaker, Mr. Levinsky. It's there
because if there is a building that's of a size of 3.0 FAR, it has to do with the
cost of rehabilitating such a building. It would be extraordinary, and so this
is to provide some funding to help provide for the funding of the
rehabilitation of an extraordinarily large building. That's why it's there.
Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I'm glad we're finally making these permanent.
It's actually been a long discussion of getting rid of these parking
exemptions. I'm glad we're moving forward. I'd like to make the motion

                                                                         Page 95 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
