                          TRANSCRIPT
entire period in which trains run in Palo Alto. That's almost a 24-hour period
year round.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not suggesting we stop, but I am concerned
about the big increase in cost. It's coming to Policy and Services, but I'd like
to understand what other ways Project Safety Net is making progress. I
support the defibrillators. I do have a question with this new sheet. I
assume these are coming out of the budget surplus. Do we still have any
surplus at this point?

Mr. Rossmann: The Project Safety Net funding would come from Stanford
Development funds, not from the General Fund budget surplus.

Mr. Keene: The same thing with Track Watch.

Council Member DuBois: One thing I'd like to mention. At our current rate,
those Stanford funds would last almost ten years. With this kind of budget,
we're going to be out of money in a couple of years.

Mr. Keene: The Council allocated out of the $4 million pool of health and
safety funds—there's other funding within the Stanford contract, but a lot of
that's been dedicated to the Infrastructure Funding Plan. You've taken $2
million out of the $4 million and specifically set it aside for Project Safety
Net. The other $2 million is unallocated. Obviously, if we're at this sort of
level, $0.5 million a year just on Track Watch, you can do the math pretty
quickly. This is one of the reasons why in our conversation with all of the
members of Project Safety Net and also with the School Board, we said that
the funding that we have available in this regard needs to be looked at as
seed money to incent our program design or these interventions. We've got
to build a sustainable funding source collaboratively.

Council Member DuBois: I'm being timed? I have more.

Mayor Holman: We're running ten minutes a piece, so you've got another
minute and a half on ten.

Council Member DuBois: In terms of fees, do we have any fees for blocking
streets during construction? I'm curious.

Mr. Rossmann: I don't know this offhand, but we could do the research in
the meantime and get back to you. Brad is coming up.

Mr. Eggleston: I couldn't speak to the details of it, but we do have fees for
encroachment permits. If you're doing work that encroaches on the public
right-of-way, there's a fee for that. It's more based on the Staff time that it

                                                                          Page 41 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
