                          TRANSCRIPT
Alto. There are many buildings 50 feet and taller on University, Lytton and
even on adjacent streets. I find the arguments that development is too
dense or too tall on University much like those who complain about train
whistles on Park Avenue. It's part of living in Downtown Palo Alto, you're
going to have high-density development. There's an ongoing conversation
regarding Ken Hayes' design. It's unfortunate. There are lots of modern
buildings near modern buildings in Palo Alto, some of which you guys are
going to award this evening. Lastly, I say that the project meets all of the
City requirements that you've laid in front of it. I urge you to approve this
project.

Mayor Holman: Well timed. Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Doria Summa.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor, Council Members and Staff. Many of
our streets are becoming urban canyons. Fortunately for Downtown, we
have compatibility rules to try to protect our architectural heritage and our
community. The project before you tests those rules by proposing a building
quite different in massing and feel from many others around it. However, in
justifying the changes, the applicant and supporters have cited a few taller
buildings near the project. In particular, they've cited the four-story office
building at 428 and 432 University which is across the street from part of the
project. However, that building—I don't think anyone has mentioned this—
itself is noncompliant. It's FAR is well over 3.0. It would not be legal today.
The President Hotel of course is also noncompliant. I urge you to consider
that using excessive buildings to justify compatibility is unfair. It means that
neighborhoods will grow and grow in height. I think that's the wrong way to
go on this project. Another point I'd like to make is that none of the
visualizations offered show what this project will look like from the
perspective of a pedestrian walking down Kipling towards University, not
right at the building but from partway down the street where the houses are.
We've asked for that; we've never received those. I think it's worrisome
that the architect and applicant have failed to produce those drawings which
would be so important in understanding how this will fit in. If you decide to
continue this, I ask that you request story poles be erected; that's the norm
in other communities. I think that will help give the community a sense of
how large and where the mass will be on this building. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Doria Summa to be followed by Ronjon Nag.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor, City Council and Staff. Thank you for
letting me speak. I just wanted to lend support to the appellant. I feel that
you've heard many of the issues raised about the congestion in the
alleyway, the massing and scale of the building which was not addressed at

                                                                            Page 14 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
