                         TRANSCRIPT
operators and have only been hiring trainees and Grade 1's. The difference
between a Grade 1 as far as the State's concerned, you have to work at the
wastewater plant for a year before they allow you to take your Grade 1
certificate. After two years of holding a Grade 1, they allow you to take a
Grade 2 certificate. At that point in time, you're starting to be trained up to
a competent operator. The problem with short-term employees, as many of
you know, is the quality of training and workmanship since a large part of
the job is on-the-job training, for example, knowing where the shutoff valves
and where to turn on and off pumps in emergency situations. Keep in mind
many of these valves are buried and in the ground in other locations in areas
that you wouldn't even think a valve should be there to control water on the
other side of the plant. Some examples of local cities that have had high
turnover and experienced problems in their operations we all know is San
Jose, a lot of turnovers lately. In the past year, they have discharged over
85,000 gallons of untreated sewage into the waterways. Oakland has a hard
time retaining operation personnel. They've also had discharges into the
Bay. Palo Alto recently has had discharges into the Bay. Of course, we all
remember Mill Valley, 2 million gallons. People lost their jobs over that from
the State; the City was fined. We are constantly on the ragged edge at
water quality in my opinion, for the high turnover of employees to find
better compensation and better working conditions. We have spent many
long hours—excuse me. I have given you this list of compensation in other
districts.

Mayor Holman: You can provide that to the Clerk, and she'll make copies, if
you would. Thank you. Raymond Herrera to be followed by Mary Sekator.

Raymond Herrera, SEIU: Hello. How are you doing? I'm Raymond Herrera.
I'm a journeyman electric distribution system operator. I came here from
San Diego; seven years experience working for Sempra. Coming up here
was the best career move I ever made. The City's been good to me, really
good. Everyone's talked about shorthandedness and contract negotiations.
I'll keep it short. Electricity is 24 hours, doesn't stop, 24/7/365. When the
public, some of these people if they have a partial outage or no power, they
call in. When the public calls in, they talk to Jesse, our senior guy, or
myself. A 24-hour system run by two guys. If we could physically do it with
just us two, we would. We rotate on-call every opposite week. For me, it's
okay but when you get a call at 2:00 a.m. from police and fire on-scene and
they've got a tree in the wire it's tearing up and they call us in. I'm driving
into work and I get the call from dispatch saying, "They're worried. What's
your ETA? What's your ETA?" That's what motivates me; that's what
frustrates me. I can't drive any faster than I am. When I see the public, I
see the police and fire kind of waiting for it to be energized, and it may take
us up to an hour, when I get in there. I'll switch over the phone systems, do
                                                                           Page 72 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
