                         TRANSCRIPT
that we approve the Staff recommendation, approve the ordinance with the
changes suggested by the City Attorney, actually Mr. Levinsky. Thank you
very much, Mr. Levinsky.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman:     Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council
Member Kniss.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt an Ordinance to amend PAMC Chapters 18.18, Downtown
Commercial (CD) District, and 18.52 (Parking and Loading Requirements), to
permanently eliminate certain parking exemptions within the downtown area
previously adopted by Council via Interim Ordinance No. 5214 that will
otherwise “sunset” on November 4, 2015 with the following modifications:

A.   Section 1, Subsection I. “Unless a new ordinance is adopted to
     permanently establish these provisions, these zoning code
     amendments shall ‘sunset’ on November 4, 2015;” and

B.   Section 4, Subsection (4), “however, square footage which was
     developed for nonresidential purposes or which has been used for
     nonresidential purposes but which is not used for such purposes due to
     vacancy at the time of the engineer's report shall be included in the
     amount of floor area qualifying for this exemption. No exemption from
     parking requirements shall be available where a residential use
     changes to a nonresidential use, except pursuant to subsection (2).”
Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak any further?

Council Member Scharff: No.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: No, but it's really important that we've done this and
that it's completed. Thank you, Staff, for bringing it forward. Jeff, did you
just get hired?

Mayor Holman: I need to clarify here. You made no reference to the 3.0
matter, so you did intend for that to come back again?

Council Member Scharff: No. The City Attorney said that they were going to
take a look at it. If it needed to be added in terms of the Code cleanup, at
that point it would come back to us. If it doesn't need to come back, it
doesn't need to come back. I was going to let Staff deal with that in terms
of a Code cleanup. That was the suggestion.
                                                                      Page 96 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
