                            MINUTES
community asset. The management company was working for Stephenson
House as a consultant.

Jonathan Casey, representing Lytton Gardens, explained that partnerships
between for-profit and non-profit organizations had to be created to apply
for tax credits, because HUD funds were no longer available. The $1 million
City loan would fill funding gaps.

Mark Weiss expressed concern about the for-profit entity managing the non-
profit entity. It appeared the Applicant was forming an entity to avoid
paying taxes.

Sylvia Karl, Episcopal Senior Communities, stated Lytton Gardens was the
affordable housing entity for Episcopal Senior Communities, a non-profit
organization. Tax credits were the best option for refinancing affordable
housing projects, because the program required an entity manage more
than three low-income tax projects. Many layers of HUD financing ensured
accountability for property management.

Herb Borock remarked that speakers referred to Stephenson House as
affordable housing but did not indicate whether it would remain the same
type of housing. With respect to Staff's recommendation to interpret the
words in the PC Ordinance, the appropriate action was to change the words
by amending the Ordinance.

Tim Gray suggested the Council not worry about the tax-exempt status if it
transferred tax credits from the Federal Government to the local community.
He questioned whether affordable meant the Board would rehabilitate the
property for the benefit of the management company, and then increase
rental rates. The community wanted to preserve Stephenson House.

Phyllis Cassel, Stephenson House Rehabilitation Task Force Chair, reported
Stephenson House was not an assisted living center and did not provide
assisted living services. Stephenson House could not pay for sewer and
seismic repairs; therefore, it had to utilize a complex process to obtain
funding. Six agreements with six entities required Stephenson House to
continue to serve low-income residents into the future. Stephenson House
replaced staff with a management company as required by HUD. The Board
regretted having to release employees.

Council Member Burt noted press reports indicated staff members who were
retained received reduced earnings and lost benefits.




03/09/2015                                                           117- 75
