                            MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid recalled the process utilized by the Council in 2014 to
select Priorities.

Mayor Holman would entertain Motions for Priorities and then call a vote on
the Motions individually.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to include Infrastructure Implementation and Execution as a Council
Priority.

Mayor Holman asked if Council Member Berman proposed continuing the
2014 Priority of Infrastructure Strategy and Funding.

Council Member Berman explained that his Priority was the next step of the
previous year's Priority.

Mr. Keene inquired whether Council Members were proposing Priorities first.

Mayor Holman requested Council Members offer Motions for Priorities.

Council Member Filseth requested clarification of "implementation and
execution." Implementation and execution of projects seemed to be the City
Manager's responsibility.

Council Member Berman explained that the Council needed to provide policy
direction so the City Manager could do his job. Once the Council made the
major decisions, then Staff could execute them.

Council Member Filseth proposed removing “execution” and replacing it with
Strategy.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change the verbiage to: Infrastructure Strategy
and Implementation.

Council Member Scharff added that many policy decisions regarding
infrastructure remained and needed focus.

Mayor Holman requested additional proposals of Priorities.

Council Member Kniss commented that the Healthy City/Healthy Community
initiative had been discussed often. It was important and included in the
Comprehensive Plan.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
include Healthy City/Healthy Community as a Priority.
                                                                       Page 11 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/31/2015
