                          TRANSCRIPT
Member Burt was saying about the schools and also this theme of
cooperation.     Has there been any coordination between Public Art
Commission and Palo Alto Unified School District? In addition to seeing art
at or near each of our public parks, it might be great to aim towards having
public art installations at or near each of our schools, perhaps even
highlighting work by youth at those locations. I don't know if that's already
happening or if that's something to think about.

Ms. DeMarzo: We've had a couple of one-off projects with students. For
instance, there's a small mural at the Rinconada pool that was done by Gunn
students several years ago as a long-term temporary mural. There hasn't
been ongoing programming. We do have, as Vice Chair Miyaji mentioned, a
couple of youth representatives on the Master Planning Advisory Committee.
They were great and vocal, talking about opportunities for students to get
engaged with public art. I'm certain that there will be an element to that in
the Master Plan when those findings start to emerge.

Council Member Wolbach: That would be great to take some of these ideas
that have been tested a little bit and institutionalize them if they turn out to
be good practices and good opportunities for the City. Last question, just
throwing it out there. What about non-visual arts?

Ms. Halpern: Something you see, the trend in public art is to include non-
visual arts. There's a lot of public art on trains where poets board the trains
and read poetry or have performance at public squares, like at
transportation hubs.      That's something that, with the growth of our
temporary Public Art Program, we will be able to explore. That's something
we're excited about.

Council Member Scharff: You may have covered this. Is there anything the
Art Commission needs from Council? Are we maintaining all of our projects?
Do you have enough money to do that? I know there's been issues in the
past. Is everything going in a direction that's good with you? Do you need
anything from us?

Ms. Halpern: That's a great question. Thank you for asking that. I want to
say that the City Council should be proud of the support that it gives to the
Public Art Program. We now have two full-time Staff people. When I came
here 2 1/2 years ago, we had one, almost half-time person and one almost
quarter-time person. We have a conservation fund of $30,000 a year. We
have a CIP contribution of $50,000 a year. These are really important
contributions that you should feel good about supporting. The private
development program is also providing a small revenue stream that allows
us to support Staff salaries to a small extent as well as to grow the program.

                                                                          Page 14 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
