                             TRANSCRIPT
that has retail space, does that create a flow of income and how important
would the flow of income be in paying some of the cost? The underground
plumes, on packet pages 1117 and 1118, both seem to run through the
middle of that. My understanding of those plumes, if you go down two
floors, you run into possible problems. Is that an issue? Third thing is Park
Avenue, we've talked about a couple of projects that have come in and
worried about the traffic on it. This would presumably be replacing a
parking lot with a building that creates traffic. Any comments on those
three questions?

Mr. Sartor: I can address the potential of hitting the contamination in the
groundwater. That was the same case, as you may recall, when we were
looking at the previous site on Park Avenue. We're in the same general
area.    There are means of protecting the building tenants from any
underground contamination with various—putting in vapor barriers and
potential vapor extraction. That kind of thing can be done and it has been
done in other buildings in that area. As far as the revenue generation from
the retail space, that would be a question for you on how you would want to
direct that revenue in the future. The third part was ...

Male: (inaudible) traffic.

Mr. Sartor:   That would be addressed as we—we still need to do an
Environmental Impact Report for both the Public Safety Building and the
parking structure. We would look at potential traffic impacts and mitigations
in that process.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: First question is why does a three-story building have
to be 50 feet? We normally don't run that.

Mr. Ross: Great question. The 50 feet includes the parapet height. For
Public Safety Buildings, having adequate floor-to-floor height allows you to
have flexibility in the future for cable runs and things like that.

Council Member Burt: If it includes—this is the screening, the parapet?

Mr. Ross: Correct.

Council Member Burt: We don't normally count that when we talk about our
heights. It's fine and it's good and transparent to do that, but you should be
describing the height of the building as what is the top of the actual
structure and then minimize the impact of the parapet both in its height and


                                                                       Page 95 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
