                          TRANSCRIPT
I understand where your question's going. It would be helpful for the
County staff to help us both see if it's a total responsiveness and total
deferral to a city if it says it wants a project in or doesn't want a project in
the County Expressway Plan. If I could add to your question. Obviously the
County plan is enhanced by it being as systematic as possible. Pieces of it
dropping out have a multiplier effect. There will be polling done on what
works. There may be information that shows having a bunch of funding for
roadway projects may have a positive benefit as far as polling. It would be
important for us to know how much flexibility or even fungibility a city could
see to move proposed funding out of one area to another to be more in line
with our particular needs.

Ms. Cameron: Picking up on your City Manager's question. Typically, when
an expressway is traveling through a city area, if the city tells us they don't
want the project, we don't pursue it or we throw it into a low tier so that it's
just there, but not what's going to be pursued. For most expressways, that
works out quite well. Page Mill presents an interesting challenge for us. The
section of Page Mill we're talking about widening is within the County
unincorporated area and connects Los Altos Hill area to Palo Alto. It's going
to be a little more difficult for us on how to move forward. It's not us. We'll
have the Expressway Policy Advisory Board weigh in on this and make a
recommendation to the Board of Supervisors. Last Thursday, the Town of
Los Altos Hills Council made an interim recommendation. They're still
looking at most of the parts of the report. One of the things they said is
they are in support and they want that widening to happen, because the
backups that are happening onto 280 are affecting their community ability to
get on Page Mill if they want to travel into Palo Alto. It is sending traffic
down Arastradero Road, avoiding Page Mill and other problems. They're
seeing diverted traffic that is causing them problems.           It will be an
interesting situation. You should still take whatever position you would like
to take. This is one case where we might have two cities giving us a
different preference for a single project. We'll have to work it out.

Council Member Wolbach: The use of level of service as the primary metric
for determining need, priority and predicting whether a project will be
effective, I've been critical of this. A lot of people have been critical of this.
The State's probably moving away from it. My hope is that Palo Alto will
move away from it. This proposal relies heavily on level of service as a key
metric. Is that what you're required to do based on how the County
operates? Any thoughts on that?

Ms. Cameron: In this case, level of service was not the sole determinant of
projects that made it into Tier 1 for the Expressway System. Congestion
relief was one aspect, but we also did safety in looking at collision history
                                                                            Page 16 of 82
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/22/15
