                          TRANSCRIPT
feeling as long as CPI is in the backyard and, as Pat has described it, over
the fence.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a simple question. I recall hearing early in the
process that there was some activity going on in the medical center that
were excluded because they had special safety requirements. Would this
ordinance have any impact on either research or medical procedures that
either are or might be going on in the medical center?

Mr. Worobel: After we went through the inventories and we looked more
closely at the specific chemicals that were identified as possibly making
them eligible for Tier 2, those were all ruled out as either toxic, highly toxic
or extremely hazardous substances.          They all fell below the various
thresholds we were concerned about. The VA or the Stanford University
Medical Center? In both cases, they fell off the list. And they're in public
facility zones.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      The amounts they need, they use, fit within the
requirements?

Mr. Worobel: Right.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: City Attorney.

Ms. Stump: On further reflection, I would like to actually recommend that
the Council add that last housekeeping item.            I guess that's a
recommendation to the maker and the seconder that the Motion include a
last sentence along the lines of "direct Staff to evaluate whether any
additional facilities would be legal and nonconforming under the proposed
regulation. If so, explore appropriate amortization."

Council Member Scharff: Is the language that's written there, is that what
you just said?

Ms. Stump: Yes, that will do. Thank you.

Council Member Scharff: That's fine with me.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you okay with that?

Council Member Scharff: Yes.

                                                                             Page 84 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
