                          TRANSCRIPT
important to us to hear what you had to say about it, what we could tune up
or change to make it better. Then, we'll be back next year to do it again.
I'll pass it over to Debra, and we'll talk through our debrief.

Chair Burt: Thanks.

Debra Figone, Municipal Resource Group, LLC: Thank you, thank you, Mary.
This is Andie Stanley, as you heard. Andie's just been a terrific partner for
me on this project as has been your City Staff. I'll be acknowledging them
along the way. As you've become used to, there's a working agenda for
today's meeting in front of you. You just heard from Mary. I'm going to
take the lead in actually guiding you through the process debrief.

Council Member Kniss: This is the Agenda, right?

Chair Burt: There's a one page ...

Ms. Figone: That is your formal Brown Act Agenda, and then you have a
working agenda ...

Council Member Kniss: The one underneath. Thanks.

Ms. Figone: ... that's kind of our (inaudible) today.

Council Member Kniss: Where we're going.

Ms. Figone:     Where we're taking the presentation, which is pretty
straightforward. Let me just begin by saying I've really enjoyed working
with all of you over the last few months. I really do believe that we've
achieved a successful outcome for the process. The way I define success as
your consultant as well as a former city manager is to ensure that the
Council and the Council Appointed Officers (CAOs) were prepared to have a
meaningful conversation during their performance evaluation. There's many
ways that you can get to that end, but that really is the end in mind. All of
the process involved, this year so far, is designed to support that end in
mind. If we can just kind of keep that in the forefront, I think that will be
very important. As you'll see, if you did read the survey results and other
pieces of feedback I've gotten, I think we were pretty successful this year.
There's always room for improvement. That's really why we're here today.
Really today, as Mary has said, is about soliciting your feedback and also
hopefully the feedback of the CAOs to the degree they can provide
comment. It's really important that we hear your perspective, and also this
is an opportunity for MRG to share our perspective so that we can move
forward and ensure that 2016 is successful. As Mary mentioned, we did
approach this engagement with some unknowns.                I think we all
                                                                                      Page 2 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
