             Council Appointed Officers Committee
             TRANSCRIPT
                                                                    Special Meeting
                                                                 December 16, 2015
Chairperson Burt called the meeting to order at 4:04 P.M. in the Community
Meeting Room, 250 Hamilton Avenue, Palo Alto, California.

Present:     Berman, Burt (Chair), Kniss, Schmid

Absent:

Oral Communications

None.

Agenda Items

1.      Discussion and Direction Regarding Council Appointed Officers (CAO)
        Performance Evaluation Process.

Chair Burt: Welcome to the people from Municipal Resource Group. We've
just informally met, but you'd like everybody to introduce themselves.

Mary Egan, Municipal Resource Group (MRG), LLC: I'll do that. By way of
background, we were here about six months ago. We were retained in
February to do this process for the next three years. This was our first year.
We met with you about six months ago. At that point in time, we engaged
Debra Figone to be on our team. Andie Stanley has been communicating
with all of you for the last six months, and she's on our team in Sacramento.
We brought her to listen to the debrief. Since this is our first year of three,
we wanted to make sure we heard what you had to say. When we came
into the process about February, when the HR Director said, "Wouldn't you
like to be part of this team and work with Palo Alto," we talked with her
because she said that this would be a simplified process. We were thinking
that we would come in and run right through it. We do about—I don't
know—20 evaluations a year, so we have quite a bit of experience about
what it typically takes. Our preliminary estimates were that Debra would
spend about 80 hours engaged in this process. You're going to hear that
what we came up with, working with you, is a lot more customized and it
meets your needs. Your appointed officials had their voice in making sure
the process made sense to them and was meaningful. We think we've got
something that we can replicate for the next few years. Today's really

                                                                                     Page 1 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
