                             MINUTES
not mention comparable housing. He felt Ms. Aziz had misled the Council
regarding a 35 mile radius. He requested Ms. Aziz address that.

Ms. Aziz advised that the Council had to review provisions that would
mitigate the negative aspects of park closure. Residents stated they lived in
Palo Alto in order to access community amenities.          The definition of
comparable housing contained an inclusive list of amenities.

Council Member Scharff inquired where the statute stated comparable to
Palo Alto.

Ms. Aziz reported Section 9.76.030(j) referred to a list of comparable parks
within a 35 mile radius.

Council Member Scharff reiterated that the statute stated mobile homes
should be moved to a park within 35 miles. Residents who moved their
mobile homes would receive a separate set of benefits. Part 2 of the statute
contained no 35 mile radius and provided a different set of benefits.

Ms. Aziz indicated that part of the Ordinance discussed comparable housing
and defined comparable housing as "the cost of purchasing a comparable
mobile home in a comparable mobile home park." The definitions of
comparable mobile home and comparable mobile home park did not exactly
use the term 35 miles. The definitions mentioned a park with access to a
community similar to Palo Alto and to similar amenities. The Ordinance as a
whole considered parks within 35 miles. The purpose of the Ordinance was
to allow residents to remain in a community similar to Palo Alto and to retain
their jobs with the understanding that Buena Vista was the last mobile home
park in Palo Alto. The intention of the Ordinance was to look at comparable
housing within a limited area.

Council Member Scharff asked where that could be found in the record. He
found comments by Council Members stating the park probably had a ten-
year life and the City should create a development agreement and a
development plan. He wanted to base his decision on the record.

Ms. Aziz advised that the definitions of comparable mobile home park and
comparable community specifically stated a community that had similar
access to shopping, medical services, recreational facilities, and
transportation or a comparable mobile home in a comparable mobile home
park. Other sections of the Ordinance discussing comparable mobile home
parks limited the distance to 35 miles. The Ordinance did not intend to force
residents to move wherever they could find affordable housing.            The
Ordinance intended to allow residents to move to a community similar to

                                                                         Page 8 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
