                          TRANSCRIPT
for the damages of the lines. The water company gets water from the Santa
Clara County water people, so we have to pay for two water delivery
systems. The water company is making a lot of money on it. The phone
company is worst of all. They took away popcorn; I really objected to that.
Then they took away information service. Now, they don't even have
information in the telephone book.           Not on residences, only on
moneymaking commerce that they charge extra for. I once had a town
require that I get a garbage service that I did not need because I wasn't—
that I didn't need. If I didn't pay it, the bill went on the tax bill as a lien
against my house. I would say for goodness' sakes don't accept a private
company's control over something that's necessary or going to be necessary
to everybody. Don't go into some kind of public and private partnership.
It's not so much that they're smarter than you are, but they have infinite
resources to spend on getting a better deal than you think they're getting. I
would say control it please. It's something we're all going to need. Please
do it whatever way that these intelligent people have suggested that you do
it to retain control for the members of this community. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all. A time check here. I think the Council
indicated earlier by its lack of objection, I would say, to complete tonight's
agenda. It is 10:27, and we do have a great number of people here to
speak to the next item. Let's do try to be efficient. Council Members, I see
no lights. I think why don't we do questions, comments and motions.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, could I just say something again, just for a
second? I feel that there's a sense of urgency here. The Staff feels that
also. If we could focus on being strategic and clear about which direction
you want to go in and where you want us to put the priorities and try to ask
questions as much as possible designed to say this is direction we want to
go in, I think that would be helpful, I mean be the most efficient use of time.
Even just with the speakers here, you've heard a continuum of potential
options. I would like us to know that we're walking away knowing that this
is the direction we really want to go in first, and there may be some tertiary
or secondary components of that. That would be really helpful.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         We will try to do three-minute rounds here,
again, to try to be efficient.

Council Member Scharff: What are we (inaudible).

Mayor Holman:     Questions, comments and motions, all combined.              You're
first.


                                                                           Page 93 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
