                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: When Staff went through this, did it look at each
one of these then and comes up with a conclusion. Take Number 4, for
instance. What was Staff's rationale then on that issue?

Mr. Lait: Reading from the approval findings letter, Staff had originally
found that the finding could be made because it was consistent with the
applicable Downtown Urban Design Guidelines, that the project reinforced
University Avenue as the retail core of Downtown Palo Alto, maintaining the
ground-floor retail and preserving the general pattern of storefronts,
continuing the retail vitality onto Kipling Street were some of the items that
were identified under that finding.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. I think I just wanted to make a general
comment. I do have some concerns with this building. My concerns are
that the ARB hasn't really come forward and said that they had an
opportunity to look at the redesign and be comfortable with it. That's
probably my primary concern with this. I have less concern, frankly, on
scale and mass. I mean, I look at University Avenue, I look at the four-story
building across the street, I look at the President's Hotel, and I don't really
have concerns with the height and the mass on University. I do have some
concerns with the height and mass on Kipling. I think that is probably a
more realistic concern. I have some concerns with the use of the alleyway,
because I'm not sure we've really looked at that issue with the full. I guess
one options, I assume, is to send it back to the ARB to address those specific
concerns and give direction to have a back-and-forth and be able to give a
recommendation that they like the building, that they're happy with the
design. I guess I wanted to ask if that's one of the options we have tonight.

Ms. Silver: Yes, you could certainly do that. The applicant would have to
agree to that process, however.

Council Member Scharff:     Why does the applicant have to agree to the
process?

Ms. Silver: I think what happened in the past is that the ARB wanted to
engage in that back-and-forth and the applicant didn't engage. If you want
the process to be productive, there has to be a willing party on the other
side.

Council Member Scharff: I understand the willing party but, I mean, why
would I have to deny the project? I think on the whole it's a good project. I
just think it needs some massaging. If I didn't want to deny the project,
which I don't want to do—I mean, my colleagues may feel differently—I
want to send it back to the ARB to deal with particular issues. Maybe
through that process the building becomes smaller, maybe it doesn't. I
                                                                           Page 32 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
