                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I had a couple of questions here. I
guess the first one was Steve Pierce came to the mike and raised the issue
of the depth of retail frankly. I actually thought he had a good point,
depending on the depth of the store. I didn't necessarily like the 50 percent.
I mean, if it's a 30-foot-depth store, you probably wouldn't want retail at
just 15 feet. Did I hear you correctly when you said Staff had a suggestion
on that issue?

Mr. Lait: Yes. If the Council were interested in on Cambridge permitting
non-retail use on the back half of the parcel, we've drafted some language.

Council Member Scharff: It's not the back half for me. It's that there is a
particular depth that retailers would use for stores. First of all, they only
want to pay for a certain amount of space. I don't know what that is off the
top of my head, but it's not the back half. I mean, it depends on how wide a
building it is obviously. Right?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: I mean, have we looked at what different retailers
need? I mean, what does your average retail store look for? I'm sure a
retail broker could answer those questions. I wish I'd looked it up, but I
didn't. Has Staff got any sense of that or no?

Mr. Lait: No. I think it's variable for different retailers.

Council Member Scharff: Staff just basically had a back half or what ...

Mr. Lait: Yes, the rear 50 percent roughly.

Council Member Scharff: The other question I had was on the existing
formula retail. When I read the Staff Report, it talked about that they
suddenly would become nonconforming because they wouldn't have a
conditional use permit. That's the way I understood it. Would we have the
authority to just grant all the existing formula retail conditional use permits
when we pass the ordinance?

Mr. Lait: That's not the way the ordinance is set up. They would just be
declared nonconforming ...

Council Member Scharff: No, that's not what I'm asking. I understand how
the ordinance is set up.

Mr. Lait: You want to know if we can just grant them ...
                                                                        Page 44 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
