              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Regular Meeting
                                                                June 8, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois, Holman arrived at 6:28 P.M., Kniss,
            Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:     Filseth

Vice Mayor Schmid: The Mayor is representing the City at a memorial
service and should be here shortly.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Vice Mayor and Members of
Council. Three short items to report on. First of all, as it relates to plastic
foam products, interested businesses and citizens are invited to a public
meeting this Thursday, June 11th, at 10:00 A.M. in Room H-1 at the
Cubberley Community Center to discuss the possible expansion of Palo Alto's
existing ordinance that prohibits the use of plastic foam foodware, such as
Styrofoam, at restaurants and other food service establishments. Staff is
preparing a draft Ordinance Amendment that could restrict the retail sale of
plastic foam products, such as cups, bowls, plates, trays, containers, ice
chests, shipping boxes and packing materials. For more information on that
meeting this Thursday, June 11th, at 10:00 A.M. at Cubberley Community
Center, go to the City of Palo Alto's website, cityofpaloalto.org/plasticfoam.
Following up on the great Summit that we had on May 30th, I wanted to
reiterate the directive from the Council that we are seeking applicants for
the Citizens Advisory Committee to assist the Council and the community
with completion of the Comprehensive Plan Update.             Applications for
interested parties are available on our website at paloaltocompplan.org.
They are due by close of business on June 15th. That is a week from now,
next Monday. The City Manager, that would be me, will select 17 individuals


                                                                       Page 1 of 81
