                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: ... opposing it—hang on—opposing it. If we hear any other
comments, then we can consider "c" separately. Council Member Scharff
and then Council Member Burt.

Council Member Scharff: Council Member Scharff or Burt? I wasn't clear.

Mayor Holman: You.

Council Member Scharff: I don't necessarily have a problem with Policy and
Services Committee talking about this. I do think it probably makes more
sense to talk about Airbnb all at one time frankly. If we are going to include
this in the business Registry in terms of having a discussion about whether
or not it should be there, I think Staff needs to at least and Policy and
Services need to clarify why would we need this information, what
information do we need, what questions are we going to ask, what's the
purpose of all of this. If that's the tenor of the discussion, I see no harm in
it. Doing it now, I'm fine with that. I do think that's the kind of questions,
why do we need any information on this at all frankly, and what leads to
that. I would just ask that if we do that, that Staff when they prepare that
report looks at that kind of stuff.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I think that there's a confusion between data
collection and policy discussion. What we're talking about through the
Business Registry is gathering data. When we go to a policy discussion, I
can very much envision we can't make a decision; we don't have any data.
You do the one which informs the other. It doesn't determine the other.
The day we get some additional data on what we have going on in Airbnb-
type rentals, then that can help us know do we have a small problem, a
large problem, whatever. It's about data collection; it's not about policy
determination. They should follow in this sequence.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, I have one question, which is as was
pointed out earlier, it's the question about—I can't find it at the moment.
The question about not collecting parking information, this Motion does not
say to stop collecting that. You will collect the parking information, correct?

Mr. Shikada: The way we had it stated was not particularly clear. Quite
frankly I think we could use clarification from Council. We've heard some
discussion but not clarity as to the direction. As it was originally drafted in
the Staff Report, our plan had been to not proceed with the parking
information.

Mayor Holman: What I would ...
                                                                        Page 39 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
