                          TRANSCRIPT
own sense of timing and process. I think that what they are planning to do
is a prescription for failure. It is the sort of process that resulted in the
horrendous backlash on the Peninsula previously.             Now, we need to
recognize that this is not a four-track system, a full four-track system. It's a
hybrid, blended system eventually, so the impacts are not as great, but
they're making the same process errors. An 18-month cycle time for this
complexity of an EIR is not realistic. Part of what we need to do is not do
what the Staff Report has kind of driven us to, which is how do we contend
with this 18-month period. We need to strongly, clearly oppose it and rally
the support of the other cities on the Peninsula to share this. I can tell you
at the Local Policy Maker Group meeting, which is the one representative
from each city advising Caltrain modernization, that group was completely
caught off guard by the High Speed Rail EIR action. The only reason it
actually came before the Local Policy Maker Group was because I was
alerted by CARRD members that the last High Speed Rail Board meeting in
August had in fact authorized this, and Caltrain was not bringing it before
that body on their own. They didn't bring it before the technical working
group which preceded it by days. This goes to we've had a process that
started off with real shortcomings in transparency by High Speed Rail on
multiple fronts. They may be starting to try to correct themselves, but I
think they're taking partial measure to correct themselves. They said, "We'll
incorporate some CSS-like components to the process." That's not going to
cut it. We and other cities need to be real clear. Part of the problem is
we've had a real turnover in many of the electeds and Staff members who
were engaged in this, not only in Palo Alto but throughout the Peninsula,
since we had our heavy lifting on this from 2009 to 2012. There's going to
be a re-education process for Staffs, electeds and the public. We will also
see kind of awhile for this to actually percolate in terms of the concern level,
I believe anyway. It's going to take a little while for people to absorb what
are the potential consequences to this. We need to be clear in terms of what
High Speed Rail is proposing. They're proposing up to a total of 20 trains
per hour, four trains per hour per direction from High Speed Rail and six
trains per hour per direction from Caltrain. Twenty trains per hour, one train
every three minutes with what amount of downtime and recovery at the
signals. We would have virtual gridlock with that amount of trains. They
are proposing zero dollars from High Speed Rail for grade separations. They
are suggesting that they will help fund quad gates, and that's their intended
solutions. We have a big disconnect between what they're proposing and
what is at all feasible. Also, they're saying that the CEQA process will
address the impacts on us. As we know from the Caltrain electrification EIR,
there's a State and a Federal environmental exemption for the impacts of
additional trains, under the notion that they're a progressive improvement to
transportation and, therefore, you can't squawk about those impacts. It's
false when High Speed Rail has claimed that we're going to be protected by
                                                                          Page 21 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
