                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: That is another PC zoned property. The two PC zoned properties
are the one here on Park—I believe it's 2701 Park—and then there's this one
over here at 420 Cambridge.

Council Member DuBois: What's the thinking about excluding those if they
were to redevelop under the terms of the ordinance?

Mr. Lait: The reason Staff suggested pulling out that zoning is because PC
zoning has its own requirements. I can pull the ordinance here. They have
their own requirements. I believe one of them—the one up here on Park—
has a restaurant and multifamily and, I believe, maybe some office space.
It's mostly a multifamily building. We didn't think it was—we would really
want to apply that provision to it. Also, it's got the PC zoning, so the
restaurant was approved, and a new restaurant would have to occupy. We
didn't see the value of adding the R Combining District to that. I'd have to
just quickly take a look at my notes of the other PC zoned property.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I guess it's more about redevelopment of a
building under that zone, if it was a substantial reconstruction.

Mr. Lait: The one up here or ...

Council Member DuBois:         I'm just saying in general in terms of the
ordinance. I think Council Member Schmid started to ask about the PTOD
District. It really wasn't clear to me why we'd want to exclude that. You
kind of said that the current PTOD already requires retail, so why not just
include it instead of excluding it?

Mr. Lait: This is great. This is for the Council to have this discussion. That's
why we raised it in our report. I will note that the ordinance for the PTOD—
excuse me, that is 420 Cambridge, the PTOD—has the following limitations,
and I'm reading from the ordinance: the development shall be a mixed-use
project comprising of ground-floor retail, personal service. Then there's this
provision about green design and sales uses with residential on the upper
floors. We have an ordinance already in place that is achieving what we
would be achieving with the R Combining District. That's the only reason
why we excluded it.

Council Member DuBois: Sorry, one more question and then I can come
back in a later round. On our definition of retail, we still have records on
there. We also have antiques. Could we just pick one of the two?

Mr. Lait: Yes.



                                                                         Page 41 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
