                          TRANSCRIPT
Staff which would be either October 26 or November 2, and to continue
public comment for those who have not already spoken to this item.

Council Member Scharff: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: Is that the intention of the seconder?

Council Member Kniss: Let me ask this. The maker of the motion tonight is
asking whether or not this could actually be continued next Tuesday or is
that too heavy an agenda? That's the night that you're doing transportation.
Given the timeliness of this, it would be helpful to do it next Tuesday, and
perhaps leave one of the items for next Tuesday until another night.

Mayor Holman: Personally and Staff will weigh in, go ahead. I'm not seeing
how we can take this up in addition next Tuesday.

Mr. Keene: You've got—the discussion on transportation includes high speed
rail potentially EIR, Caltrain, the VTA transportation tax, other transportation
funding options.

Council Member Kniss: The answer is it doesn't work well for next Tuesday.

Mayor Holman: It does not. It's already too full an agenda.

Council Member Kniss: Then I'll continue to support the motion as it was
made, and that answers the maker of this motion's question.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue the Land Use & Community Design Element to a date to be
determined by City Staff and to continue public comment to those who have
not spoken.
Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, did you have your light on for that
purpose?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible).

Mayor Holman:      With that, the motion is to continue Land Use and
Community Design Element to October 26 or November 2 with non-
repetitious public comment. That's one way of putting it. That passes
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
Mayor Holman: Council Members, it is 10:37. We have two additional
items, neither of which do we think are going to take very long. Are Council
Members willing to push on to address Items 13 and 14?
                                                                         Page 92 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
