                        TRANSCRIPT
would be first in line to be chosen under the cap. Chosen might not be the
right word.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you care to ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure what this means. There are projects
that are complete but not approved and need to go through a process to get
approved. You're saying you automatically approve them?

Council Member Scharff: No, no, no.

Mayor Holman: That's what it reads like.

Council Member Scharff: I'm only talking about the cap. Right now, you're
saying they get more weight. I'm saying instead of getting more weight,
that there's what? Four of them? Under the cap ...

Council Member DuBois: I don't understand what first in line means. They
get more weight, but what if they score low on the other aspects? You're
saying that doesn't matter.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I'm saying. It doesn't matter. We
respect the cap, and you get no more than 50,000. You have 2747 Park
Boulevard, 3045 Park Boulevard, the El Camino one, and then you have the
Lytton Avenue one. Those ones you would make a decision. We'd score
those. The first year, we'd choose up to 50,000 square feet. The second
year, we'd finish those out and then you'd score other projects.

Council Member DuBois: So we're first-in-first-out in Year 1 and scoring in
Year 2.

Council Member Scharff: Correct. That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: I guess I would say no to that. Let's vote on that
one separately, see what people think.

Mayor Holman: If you offer that as a separate amendment ...

Council Member Scharff: I do.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss seconds.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to replace in the Motion Part C, “more weight in the process”

                                                                   Page 127 of 133
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 9/21/15
