                             TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I will make some Amendments that I hope will provide
some clear direction. City Clerk has an email that has some specific criteria.
Under the portion of the email that you have, you have a version of it.
We've had email issues tonight, to be sure. Under historic review, there's a
list of five questions that the HRB should address. I would like those added
under the last sentence here, if you can plug in those five bullets.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER:

1.        To direct the Applicant to bring the project back to the Historic
          Resources Board to analyze the following issues:

     A.     The Preservation Architecture report focuses on whether there are
            criteria for a historic district. There is no need for existence of a
            district for there to be historic considerations. The HRB should
            determine whether there are other factors that should be
            considered; and

     B.     What is the applicable “area of potential effect” under (California
            Environmental Quality Act) CEQA analysis?; and

     C.     There are a number of historic structures near (e.g. on Kipling
            Street), one next to the proposed project and several across the
            street. How will the project impact these structures?; and

     D.     Whether the mass, scale, and compatibility of the proposed project
            has an impact on the existing historic properties should be analyzed;
            and

     E.     Whether the changed setting (CEQA) has an impact on the historic
            properties should be addressed.

Mayor Holman: I ask the maker of the Motion if those are acceptable.

Council Member Burt: They are, because they do not appear to be trying to
design the project.

Mayor Holman: That's exactly the intention. They are supposed to be
reviewing with this guidance. Does your Motion send this back to the ARB?
I can't see enough of it to ...

Council Member Burt: It does.

Mayor Holman: It does, okay. The ARB ...

                                                                          Page 85 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/04/15
