                             MINUTES
Action Items

5.    Comprehensive Plan Update Status and           Discussion   of   Existing
      Comprehensive Plan Themes and Structure.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reviewed
reasons for engaging in the Comprehensive Plan Update and said the Update
began in 2008. In 2012, the Council identified a process to complete the
Comprehensive Plan expeditiously. The latest schedule projected completion
of the Comprehensive Plan Update in the first quarter of 2016.             The
Leadership Group was meeting biweekly to plan a Summit on May 30, 2015.
Staff viewed the Summit as an opportunity to discuss big issues and to
recruit residents for work sessions. Staff was working with consultants and
the Leadership Group to define outreach activities concurrent with and after
the Summit. After the Summit, Staff envisioned a series of Council and
community work sessions. Council work sessions would focus on big issues
and inform community work sessions. Community work sessions would
focus on policy and program language for the Comprehensive Plan. The
current Comprehensive Plan addressed many issues thoughtfully. Staff did
not believe whole sections of the Comprehensive Plan needed significant
revisions or updates. However, big issues needed to be addressed. She
noted that the Comprehensive Plan Update could contain significant policy
adjustments where needed, while retaining many valued concepts. She
questioned whether themes in the current Comprehensive Plan should be
retained, reordered or prioritized, or revised to address today's challenges.

Mila Zelkha wished to extend the timeline for the Comprehensive Plan
Update in order to better understand issues. She encouraged the Council to
include an economic analysis of all proposed options, including the
sustainability plan and performance metrics.

Stephanie Munoz remarked that a plan allowed one to invest time, work, and
money on building something over 10 to 20 years, although the Council did
not share that belief because they constantly changed their plans.

Bob Moss advised that the median home price in February 2015 was greater
than $2.4 million. The median home price increased 32 percent between
February 2014 and February 2015. The average home price was more than
$3.2 million. Based on the sale price of the Maybell site, raw land cost more
than $8 million an acre. Palo Alto suffered from a jobs/housing imbalance
over the last 35 years.

Council Member Burt reviewed Staff's recommendation to the Council and
remarked that this was the Council's opportunity to provide substantive
feedback. He hoped the Council would have a dialog and said the State

03/16/2015                                                              117- 91
