                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman did not schedule a review of park impact fees and did not know
if that was included in the 2014 study.

Mayor Holman did not believe impact fees adjustments would be included in
the FY 2016 Proposed Budget.

Ms. Gitelman concurred.     Staff needed a nexus study prior to presenting
increases to the Council.

Mayor Holman stated the City's impact fees were low in comparison to other
communities. She inquired whether the Council could make incremental
adjustments.

Ms. Gitelman responded no. A nexus study was needed for any changes.
The current housing fee was comparable to other jurisdictions, but it could
increase quite a bit based on conclusions of the nexus study.

Mayor Holman asked if the Council could set a dollar amount for appeals of
Planning and Community Environment matters. She was concerned that the
amount of the fee would be a barrier to filing appeals.

Mr. Rossmann replied yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the fee schedule showed a range for some fees,
particularly Community Services fees. He inquired about the Council making
decisions based on wide ranges.

Mr. Rossmann explained that fees for Community Services programs were
guided by a separate policy, adopted in 2007. Staff planned to review the
Community Services Department Class Cost Recovery Policy after the
broader policy was adopted. The Community Services Department reviewed
the cost for providing classes and demand for classes and attempted to
maintain the same cost recovery level or increased fees based upon the
policy

Vice Mayor Schmid felt it was important for the Council to explain increasing
fees. A description would be helpful.

Council Member Wolbach agreed the Council should understand if people
were aware of programs and discounts and scholarships. With respect to
the City Manager waiving fees, maybe such an item could be placed on the
Consent Calendar if the matter was not time sensitive.




04/06/2015                                                            117- 165
