                            MINUTES
mandated a Safety Element, which was included in the Natural and Urban
Environment Element. He requested Staff provide the rationale for including
the Safety Element in the Natural and Urban Environment Element.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Planning and Transportation Commission
(P&TC) made that decision prior to her employment with the City. She could
consult with Commissioners and report to the Council. She requested the
Council provide feedback as to whether that was an effective way to
organize the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Burt noted P&TC Commissioner Michael was present and
requested he provide insights, if any.

Mark Michael, Planning and Transportation Commissioner, indicated the
decision was made prior to his service on the P&TC. He understood the
P&TC wished to streamline the structure. It was opportunistic to include the
Safety Element rather than leaving it as a standalone Element.

Council Member Burt asked if Commissioner Michael was aware of the
reasons for leaving the Concept Plans for East Meadow Circle and California
Avenue as separate Elements.

Mr. Michael believed the P&TC did not consider editorially either Concept
Plan as part of any of the other traditional elements.

Council Member Burt inquired if Staff knew the reasons for proposing the
Concept Plans as standalone Elements.

Ms. Gitelman understood the Council directed the identification of those two
geographic areas. She assumed the Council directed the Concept Plans be
standalone Elements.

Council Member Burt recalled the Council directed Staff to prepare Concept
Plans, but did not recall Council discussion regarding organization of the
Draft Comprehensive Plan. He was unsure that was the correct way to
organize the Comprehensive Plan. The Concept Plans were part of the Land
Use and Community Design.

James Keene, City Manager, indicated attention to the Comprehensive Plan
between 2008 and 2013 was focused almost exclusively on the two Concept
Plans. Organization of the Comprehensive Plan was most likely determined
by various people and the current Staff was not adhering to any particular
focus. At this stage, the Council planned to advise Staff about structure,
themes, and other components.



03/16/2015                                                            117- 92
