                          TRANSCRIPT
coordination is something that can probably be done very quickly. It sounds
like that might give the Council some comfort so we can run that piece in
parallel with conversations about more substantive building activity. Does
that make sense?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, it does. I just want to underline how
important I think this decision is. We have decisions on single buildings and
have long debates, but this is something that will impact 31,000 premises
for 30, 40, 50 years. I think it warrants some time and some rigorous kind
of debate. Again, from my perspective, I think we have three high level
policy decisions. Does the City want to ensure ubiquitous access? The last
time we talked about this, we said yes. I still feel yes. I think we're talking
about insurance that the City has some long-term input over this utility of
the 21st century. When we talk about dark fiber to the premise, it's
insurance. I think we should go into a collaborative discussion with Google
and AT&T and see if they can understand that desire. Those conditions
about when it would light, when it wouldn't light, I think are really based on
an understanding of coverage and quality of service and pricing. I think the
idea is to really not have a negotiation, but really have a collaborative
discussion and make it clear what our concerns are. I think the third
question we need to ask ourselves is do we want to make sure that the
City's dark fiber service remains competitive. Again, while the road is being
torn up for all this fiber construction, I think we should be laying in capacity
for our own dark fiber. At the same time, if we have this expert—we haven't
really talked about it—I think we should look at our pricing model for dark
fiber, are we marketing it. We're in a boom economy right now, and
revenue is kind of flat. I'd love to see it be growing. I think that'll address a
concern about does that business go away. I think if we ignore it, it could
go away. I kind of heard new information tonight. I mean, before we heard
AT&T was going to do a Phase 1 to fiber 10,000 homes. Today was 50
percent and that Google was going to go to 85 percent. Now you're saying
100 percent. I was very concerned kind of before tonight that we had 5,000
homes in Palo Alto that weren't going to get broadband. Even with them
saying 100 percent, I'd like to know how we ensure that happens. AT&T
may be saying 50 percent; what if they come in and do 20 percent? Again, I
think that's where this idea of dark fiber insurance comes into play. We're
sitting here five years from now, and everybody's moving to 10 gigabit
service. We'll have some insurance. I also have seen Google say that they'll
build in two to three years, but I haven't seen any commitment to a start
date. Again, there's several agreements that were mentioned in the Staff
Report. I'm hoping we see those and we'll have an opportunity to discuss
those. Some of San Jose's are public already. It seems like it's all moving
very quickly, and those are going to be substantial agreements. Again, as
part of this collaborative discussion, I think we should talk about what
                                                                            Page 102 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
