                          TRANSCRIPT
knowing the boundaries of that. That's where the emphasis ought to be
right now in the nearer term. Obviously depending upon how that goes—I
mean, that has to come back to the Council anyway. If we reach an
agreement, it's going to have to come back to you all. If for whatever
reason we don't reach agreement, then that's other information that informs
where we go from there.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. City Attorney, Molly Stump. I
think it's also important as a background information for Council to be aware
that Google and AT&T don't need a contract with the City in order to come
here and build their infrastructure in the public right-of-way. State and
Federal law give them various rights to have access to that type of activity
subject to time, place and manner restrictions, reasonable payment of fees
that are limited by law, etc. There is not a requirement for them to reach a
contractual agreement with the City in order to come to the City and provide
service here.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The question is how much do we compromise in order
to reach some agreement with them. What do we give up? I guess it's
important that we know that upfront.

Mr. Keene:      I think that the CAC memorandum lays out some basic
approaches and concepts. I think actually the memo itself even mentions
that the devil's in the details. There will be a lot of details that we've got to
start to flesh out. That's, again, why I think from the triage perspective, our
sense is that's where we ought to put our attention in the nearer term, just
given the timing.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I did send in some questions to Staff late. I would
appreciate responses to all the Council Members to those questions. I don't
want to use up my time asking them all now, but I'll ask one. Is Google
planning to use the City's communication space on the poles? If they are,
how much would be left for the City? Are we charging them for that use?

Mr. Reichental: We talked about that question today at some length.
Google would be using our space. As we talked through it, we realized we
had some additional engineering questions to ask of Staff who were not
available. We will write that up and send that to all Council Members in full
detail.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. On the consultant, I don't think it's
secondary. I actually think it's really important that we get some in-house

                                                                            Page 100 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
