                         TRANSCRIPT
Where we are and what we're building upon, that's an important piece that
ought to be better integrated. Some things that aren't mentioned. Habitat
is mentioned.       Canopy, I made some notes previously.           The built
environment, under community design we have a fair amount of work to do
there. We'll talk more about that in a bit. We don't talk about Animal
Services in terms of some of the Community Services and Facilities Element.
That's something the community has absolutely said that we want to keep
here. We're working on how best to do that. It's not mentioned at all; it is
a community value. We don't talk much about cultural activities. We seem
to have gone from art and culture to art and science. I don't know why we
can't have art, culture and science. They aren't mutually exclusive of each
other. In terms of process, I agree with comments that have been made
previously about, you have heard me say this before so it will be no surprise,
having a committee that is a consistent body that works through the Comp
Plan, a body of people that can get more informed. Some people will be
already informed pretty closely and intimately with what the Comp Plan is,
what land use is, what transportation is, what our community services are.
A diverse range of people but really, as I called it before, a "sleeves rolled
up," informed group of people to help guide this. The group of people that
we have currently participating in the Comp Plan process is an outreach
group. That's fine, well and good, but there needs to be this other body as
other people have referenced. That's my seven minutes. By the way, we
should at some point get to, where are we time-wise? We are an hour into
this. At some point I am going to look to motions so if we can get
clarification on some of these Vision Statements, so Staff has a clear notion
of where we headed. Again, we're not wordsmithing; we're talking about
vision, to give clear guidance to Staff.

Ms. Gitelman: Excuse me, Mayor Holman. If I can interject? After there's
been one round, I wanted to comment on a few of the Council's suggestions.

Mayor Holman: Absolutely.

Ms. Gitelman: Starting from the end there. If we are going to have an
appointed committee to get that consistent participation that a couple of you
have mentioned, Staff would really like your help in defining the charter of
that group. Are we talking about a CPAC-type process, starting with a whole
series of educational forums, ground zero or are we building on some of the
work that's been done already, trying to take advantage of the work that
this Council has done in the last few months on the issues and some of the
work that the Planning Commission has done, with public input along the
way on the Goals, policies and programs? That would be very helpful. Also
a great observation about the strong language in the themes in the
Introduction. Certainly there would be a way to incorporate that into some
                                                                         Page 34 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
