                          TRANSCRIPT
range that we're analyzing. We'll give you the data and the analysis that I
can tell you're craving to have to be able to make the right decision on this.

Vice Mayor Schmid: When will that happen?

Ms. Gitelman: January is our current schedule.

Mr. Keene: It will happen faster to stay on this course than it would be to
interject some numbers now and have to sort of squeeze them back into the
Draft EIR. That would cost us more time.

Mayor Holman: Where we are is—Vice Mayor Schmid, you were the original
maker of the motion. Council Member DuBois seconded your motion.
Council Member DuBois has recommended a revision which is stated here
with the highlighted being removed. With the description by Staff, are you
now okay with that, with the numbers coming back in January?

Vice Mayor Schmid: If you add what Staff said, that they will come back to
Council with the DEIR numbers in January. It's not just directing the CAC to
look at something, but mentions specifically that the Council have a chance
to discuss the DEIR.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois. It's what's already happening.

Council Member DuBois:         Not just the (inaudible) have a discussion
(inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Microphone.

Council Member DuBois: Like you're saying it's already happening. This is a
new request, the pacing mechanism. We're going to have a discussion
about the pacing mechanism based on these numbers in January. Is that
correct?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER OR SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “with a range of 50,000-
115,000 square feet per year” with “and direct Staff to return to Council in
January with the DEIR.”

Mayor Holman:      Are there any lights to this motion?        Council Member
Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I don't think I could support this. I think it's too
prescriptive as it is. First of all, I agree with the Mayor that I think it wants
to be commercial growth. I think you want commercial office growth and
office/R&D. I think you want to allow retail, and you don't want to include
                                                                        Page 108 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
