                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Yep. Thank you, Madam Mayor. Maybe we go back to "G" and
clarify this again, just a little bit more. I think what you're getting at is you
want to ensure that as a policy the planning and development of the
Cubberley Community Center is called out. I don't know why the motion
couldn't just say that. Forget the CAC for a second right now. You want to
add a policy specifically identifying the need for the planning and
development of the Cubberley Community Center. That's sort of in line with
"F" in a way. That will also allow, when the CAC is looking at things, to be
talking about those, that sort of thing. You've already ...

Council Member DuBois: I was trying to be less prescriptive and leave it up
to the CAC. That's the reason that was in there.

Mr. Keene: They're not defining it. You're just calling for the importance for
the planning and development. It allows for opportunities of finer grain
discussion.

Ms. Gitelman: I guess our suggestion was that it say "direct the CAC to
incorporate a policy calling for planning for the future of Cubberley,"
something like that.

Mayor Holman: That makes a lot of sense to be in the Comprehensive Plan,
if Council Member DuBois is comfortable with that.

Council Member DuBois: Again, there's already a policy in there talking
about Cubberley Community Center. My point is in this next Comp Plan is
when it should actually happen. I wanted to emphasize it.

Mayor Holman: It is already happening, yeah. Council Member Berman.
Vice Mayor Schmid. Council Member Burt, you're after Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess we're going to be asked to vote on this motion.
I want to make sure that I understand what it means. "A" is C-1, efficient
service and delivery, which is the same as the current C-1 with the word
(crosstalk).

Mr. Dennis: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: C-2 is the same as the current C-2.

Mr. Dennis: That is correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: C-3 is maintaining parks and public facilities, comes
from the PTC proposal and it is C-3.

Mr. Dennis: It's the PTC C-3 as well.
                                                                         Page 71 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
