                         TRANSCRIPT
order. I call on people in the order that they turned their lights on. Just so
people are absolutely clear.

Action Items

7.    Recommendation to Adopt an Ordinance Implementing a Local
      Minimum Wage Requirement of $11.00 by January 1, 2016 and
      Discussion of Collaborating With Other Cities to Implement a Regional
      Minimum Wage of $15.00 Per Hour by 2018.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you, Madam Mayor.
Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. Before turning this over to the
Chair of the Policy and Services Committee that conducted a hearing on
this matter, Staff wanted to just summarize a few things. First of all, this
matter was originally heard on February 9th by the full City Council
pursuant to a Colleagues Memo which recommended the adoption of a
Minimum Wage Ordinance modeled after the Cities of San Jose, Mountain
View and Sunnyvale. The Council heard that hearing and voted to send the
matter to the Policy and Services Committee for further review. The
Committee met on April 28th and reviewed the matter and recommended
some changes to the model Ordinance that had been prepared. Those
changes have been incorporated into the Ordinance and are reflected in
Attachment A to your Council packet. You'll see the changes in track
changes format. Finally, since the Policy and Services Committee met, the
City received a joint letter from the Mayors of Sunnyvale and Mountain
View urging a regional approach to the minimum wage to get to $15 by
2018. That letter is attached as Exhibit G to the Staff packet. With that, I
will turn it over to the Chair of Policy and Services.

Council Member Burt: Thank you. Just a few additional comments. First,
even though the Policy and Services Committee voted unanimously for
these recommendations, we also elected to bring this before the full Council
for an action item discussion, because we felt it was a topic that both the
Council and the community would want to have a greater opportunity to
wade in on. Second, I encourage any Council Members who haven't had a
chance to do so to look at the Minutes of the Committee. There was quite a
bit of discussion that went into our thinking around how to proceed going
forward, what we would attempt to decide in the nearer term and which
items we would defer to going forward. Those items that we elected to
defer additional consideration of and planned to do so prior to next year's
considered second increase to the minimum wage have to do with
exceptions and whether we want to have a process to allow different
stakeholders to have input, also to be able to learn more from the
implementation process that's gone on in other cities, the impacts, what

                                                                         Page 18 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
