                          TRASNCRIPT
for what we're doing, that report at 1016 accepts the Plan Bay Area of
20,000 new workers over the next 20 years and 30,000 over the next 30
years. This type of assumption has an impact on every single process that
we go through in the Comp Plan. In the community services, assumptions
about basic growth are going to change C-28, C-6, C-7. Whole slews of
these programs are going to be affected by the assumptions we make. How
can we move ahead without some kind of agreement on the most basic
assumption for our City, which is growth management? Another example,
traffic. Every time we have an EIR on a traffic issue for any application, they
use the Palo Alto traffic model based upon Plan Bay Area. It basically says
there is no significant impact from any cumulative impact. Now, we had a
CEQA lawyer come in last week, last Wednesday, and he addressed the
question what about cumulative impacts. He said there is no court that
would ever allow a city to override a basic EIR, said the only way the City
can do that is through their Comp Plan. There has to be a statement in the
Comp Plan. Now, did I hear that correctly from Mr. Jarvis?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. I think you're referring to
the discussion that we had with Mr. Jarvis about the level of service metric
and the use of that for analyzing significant impacts. The State has made a
change, so we're not going to be able to use level of service in EIRs
anymore, but we can include that standard as a performance standard in our
Comprehensive Plan.

Vice Mayor Schmid: There was a follow-up question about cumulative
impacts, how do you take account of cumulative impacts. He said ...

Ms. Gitelman: Mr. Jarvis made the point several times that the program-
level EIR for a General Plan or a Comprehensive Plan is the appropriate place
to analyze potential cumulative impacts and, by extension, to come up with
a performance standard and sort of a mitigation regime that you would then
have future projects have to buy into that scheme.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess my question here is, is this the appropriate
place to make a quantitative statement by the Council which is such a basic
assumption for every other element that we talk about, whether it's
transportation, community services, land use, business and economics. All
has to work from the same set of assumptions. Isn't this the appropriate
time and place for the Council to make that basic assumption?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. That's a great question. Our
hope is that we can provide you with a Draft EIR that helps you make that
determination. As we discussed in December, we've come up with, based on
some public workshops last summer, some really broad planning scenarios

                                                                        Page 96 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
