                         TRASNCRIPT
have a variety of aspects to it, perhaps as listed by the PTC. They aren't
incorrect; they may not be as deep or complete as we want. Maybe they're
complete enough and not a deep enough commitment. We need to make a
stronger statement that—in my mind, so much about what we'll do as a
community going forward is dependent on whether we can solve
transportation issues in our community in a way that enhances the quality of
the life of the community and enables many other things that otherwise will
be determined by lack of solving the transportation. Our other decisions will
get determined for us if we can't solve these transportation issues. On the
other hand, it presents a tremendous opportunity to really have a
transportation system that will actually enhance the quality of life of our
community. I think it's very fundamental, and I want the language to reflect
how important and fundamental it is.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It seems to me that we have two perspectives on
transportation in the City. We have two development agreements with
Stanford, one on the Stanford Medical Center property and the other on the
Stanford Research Park. They are primarily employment centric. If you
looked at the relationship between jobs and employed residents in those two
areas, the ratio is about 32:1. If you look at the rest of Palo Alto, where we
are dealing with on a regular basis individual applications, we have a jobs to
employed residents ratio of less than 2:1. I think the quality of life impacts
in Palo Alto are primarily determined by how we deal with the Palo Alto side
of the equation. The transportation solutions on the two sides are very
different. On one side, in collaboration with Stanford and the development
agreements we have, we worry about issues like Caltrain, like Highway 280
and access routes and TDM programs. On the rest of the area, which is
affecting quality of life, we can talk about things like mixed use,
neighborhood streets, residential communities, biking, shuttles, so on. I
think we have two very different purviews when dealing with transportation.
I think it would be helpful to see the discussion of the Transportation
Element look and see where there are not two dramatically different sets of
issues that we, as a City, should be dealing with. The first one driven by
Stanford and the development agreements we have with Stanford. The
second one more open to our purview of working other ideas or solutions.

Mayor Holman:      Other colleagues to speak to the vision statement of
transportation?

Council Member DuBois: Just to the vision, not to the goals?

Mayor Holman: Just the vision at the moment.

Council Member DuBois: I'm good with the PTC version.

                                                                      Page 107 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
