                            MINUTES
Mr. Keene clarified that Staff would return with information within 45 days
under the Amendment. Including the draft EIR language seemed to take the
Motion further than simply directing Staff to return with an analysis.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the Council approved Agenda Item Number 7, to
hire a consultant to evaluate results from each of the Comprehensive Plan
options. He wanted to ensure that was included in those options. He
inquired whether "draft EIR" was the wrong terminology.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the draft EIR associated with the Comprehensive Plan
Update was correct. The Substitute Motion directed study as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update, and the Amendment directed study of interim
measures to be considered prior to the Comprehensive Plan Update. She
asked if that was intentional.

Council Member DuBois replied yes. He asked if there was an issue.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether items b) and c) of the Amendment
contained sufficient detail for Staff to perform the work.

Ms. Gitelman could return with information responsive to items b) and c). If
adopted, the Council would direct Staff to study the impact of items b) and
c). She was unsure whether Staff would know the fiscal or environmental
impacts of significant changes in Zoning Regulations within 45 days. Staff
could provide their judgment of methods to implement them and possible
impacts.

Council Member Filseth asked if that information met Council Member
DuBois' goals.

Council Member DuBois answered yes.

Mr. Keene added that Staff would more likely provide advantages and
disadvantages in Staff's judgment. The Amendment was a separate step
from the Substitute Motion and could stand on its own regardless of whether
the Council adopted the Motion or the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Filseth felt 125 square feet per employee was extremely low
as a Citywide average.

Council Member DuBois explained that the categories in item a) were a
subset of other categories. He was suggesting Staff evaluate the square
footage at half the existing rate until data was available from the Business
Registry. The rate of 250 square feet was out of date.



03/02/2015                                                            117- 46
