                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: That's interesting. Our focus has been on ground floor. That's
certainly an interesting policy conversation that Council could have about
whether that regulation would apply on the second floor. I don't know
enough about the market conditions on Cal. Ave. to know if a formula
retailer would want to locate on the second floor, but that's certainly a
possibility.

Council Member Wolbach: My feeling at this time is those are both worth
consideration. I don't have strong feelings about them, but I wanted to put
them out there for colleagues and Staff to brainstorm about. I do like the
idea of establishing some kind of limitation on formula retail businesses in
the California Avenue area, especially on the ground floor. Looking at the
examples, I was drawn to the San Francisco and somewhat to the Los Gatos
as well but, as I mentioned earlier, a number of them have good bits. I
won't get into the nuance of picking out each word that I like from each of
them tonight. Allowing for a conditional use permit process that gives the
Council leeway to say no is important, so that we don't end up with a rubber
stamp process, where somebody can jump through a couple of hoops and be
sure to get approved. I do think that's important. Those are my comments
for now.

Council Member Scharff: A lot of things come to mind here. First of all,
what I’m interested in doing is extending the retail district to Cambridge.
That's probably a very important thing for us to do if we're going to do that.
We've now protected all retail in the City of Palo Alto on an emergency
Interim Ordinance, which means that none of the retail that currently exists
can be changed to office and isn't going anywhere, or it's going out of
business and going to be an empty storefront. That's where we are. If we
want more retail, that means that someone is going to have to change it
from an office use to retail. They do it one of two ways. They either
voluntarily do that, or they tear their building down. I know on Cambridge
there's a large swath where they have a sign up. We've talked about this. I
forget exactly where that is. If they tear that down, under the current rules
they don't have to put up retail currently or they do? It was completely
unclear to me after reading this.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. If the use is outside the
R district, which currently is just on California Avenue, then there's no
requirement for ground-floor retail, but there is in a portion of Cambridge,
the CC(2). That section of the Ordinance is the one that Council Member
DuBois was referencing. There are a number of exceptions that allow
ground-floor offices. We'd have to look carefully at that section and analyze
the site that you're thinking of.


                                                                        Page 52 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
