                          TRANSCRIPT
difficult it is to navigate and how unwelcoming it is to the community versus
Mountain View's new City Center. Everything about it is open and inviting. I
got reminded of someone I try not to get reminded of which is Sarah Palin.
What we're essentially trying to do is put lipstick on a pig. Our City Hall is
the pig, and we're trying to make it a little bit less intimidating and a little
bit less confusing. We've all had countless experiences of having to show
somebody around; getting off the elevator and somebody walking out and
saying, "Where's the City Council Chambers?" I've had plenty of friends that
say that they'll park in City Hall if they're meeting me from another city and
are going back to their cars an intimidating experience at night when it's
dark and we've got dank stairwells. It can be confusing. I don't support "a"
and "b." The idea of having better signage outside to indicate to the
community what this building is, and this community is meant for them, is
something that's really needed. The renaming of garage levels "A," "B" and
"C"—money that's in the University Avenue Parking Permit Fund, can that go
towards—from my understanding and education, what kind of things can
that go towards?

Mr. Keene: We've taken a look at that. The Council ultimately has full
discretion of the use of those funds. In truth, they could be used for any
purpose, outside of parking even. The practice has been increasingly to
focus on applying those towards parking needs, obviously because parking is
a big issue. Technically, our understanding is that the Council has wide
discretion.

Council Member Berman: I haven't decided yet how I'm going to go on "c."
The change is a good change, and it makes it a lot more clear to the public
about where to go.     45-year-old buildings need refreshes and resets.
Everything we do costs money. I'll have a couple more minutes to decide
whether or not that amount is worth the changes.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we do need to split out the Motion into
I'm going to suggest three parts, "a," "b," and "c."

Motion separated for the purpose of voting.

Council Member Kniss: A quick question. On the police podium sign, am I
not seeing exactly what that would cost? What would that cost precisely?
What's that saving us?

Mr. Eggleston: $17,490.

Council Member Kniss: That's a good expense. I would like people to know
where the police building is, because it certainly is not very evident.

                                                                         Page 25 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
