                         TRANSCRIPT
what we're doing. Here's the other part. Ground-floor retail, get some
things for people to go to, to buy things, there on El Camino. That whole
strip is just waiting to be developed. My guess is that's it waiting to see
what the price of land is set by what happens with Buena Vista. I may be
wrong, but a lot is just waiting to happen there. On housing, don't always
talk about small units. Build a mix, build some small and build some big
ones. Build some nice two-bedroom apartments that will lure people out of
the single-family homes that they sometimes feel stuck with in Palo Alto.
They can't figure out how to deal with it. Here's a nice solution. Who can
buy an expensive apartment in Palo Alto? Somebody who just sold an
expensive home in Palo Alto. They may like the liveliness of Downtown.
The Washington Post had a really interesting article saying that some of the
people who are doing apartment developing back there, figuring that it's
going to be small units, are changing their plans, because they're seeing
that some of the older people, 55 and older, like the liveliness and do want
to come and live there. That would be the same thing here. The exception
that I would give to everything that I've said here, give every possible bonus
that you can for building affordable housing. Affordable housing will not
happen here in Palo Alto, and it's so important. Buena Vista, we've got good
intentions. We have no affordable housing. Maybell, no affordable housing.
Keep with it.

Mayor Holman: Thanks so much. Gabriel Lewis to be followed by Anne
Hare. We've just received our last card for this evening. I'd put out a last
call a little while ago. Thank you all.

Gabriel Lewis: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My name's
Gabriel Lewis. I grew up here in south Palo Alto. I came back after college.
First, I just briefly wanted to say that I agree with what other people are
saying about needing housing. I have two jobs, both considerably above
minimum wage. One of them is at Stanford. I live with my parents which,
to say the least, is not ideal. The focus of what I wanted to say was about—
I wanted to speak against further development on the east side of Highway
101. I wanted to keep development near transportation corridors. I'm also
against just even considering that kind of development any further than now
for several reasons. One is that I don't want studies to provide the basis for
further development in the future. There is a cost to studies and the kind of
consideration that we would have to give. I think that it's just already
transparently clear that development to the east of 101 and the wetlands
areas, or near them, would be a bad idea. I wanted to kind of give you an
idea why I think that. For the one reason, I think that it'd be a prime case
of suburban sprawl. It's far from existing bus routes, trains. It'd be
necessarily a source of car traffic in an already congested area. The freeway
would be a barrier to access to other City services like schools, fire, police
                                                                       Page 42 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
