                          TRASNCRIPT
and then actions. We're not close to actions yet. We've got to be clear on
what the principles are. I won't try to, by any means, recount Council
Members' comments. I think and hope that you've gotten enough query this
evening that you have enough information to come back with some clarity,
some more comprehensive information and some principles that we can live
with that are discerned by perhaps different kinds of park spaces that we
have and open space that we have. Yes, Rob.

Mr. de Geus: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members, for the
feedback. Appreciate it. I think clearly the Staff Report doesn't fully reflect
all the work that's gone into this planning and the work that the Parks and
Rec Commission and Staff did. With your indulgence, we'll go back and
rethink the Staff Report, put a lot more in there and bring it back to Council.
I think you'll have a lot more comfort when we do that. We'll do that as
quickly as possible.

Mayor Holman: Really appreciate that. Also want to recognize all the effort
that's gone into this. I know there's been a lot. It's been acknowledged, I
think, that there has been a lot of effort going into this with Staff,
community and Parks and Rec Commission. It just needs to be distilled
more clearly in here, so we're comfortable and confident in how we're going
to move forward. We need to have a solid foundation. Thank you all very
much.

Special Orders of the Day

3.    Appointment of One Candidate to the Utilities Advisory Commission for
      One Unexpired Term Ending April 30, 2018.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, you weren't here at the time when
we started the meeting—Council Member Scharff. Council Member Scharff,
you weren't here at the beginning of the meeting when I mentioned that we
do have a couple of items tonight that are a bit unique in some ways, that
we are going to be making appointments. I gave the opening to Council
Members, should they wish, to make any statement, brief and one-time,
about either this item or the next item when we do CAC appointments.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: You could speak to both if you'd like.

Council Member DuBois: I'll kick it off real quick. Of the 12 candidates for
one position, we had several very strong candidates. Whoever is not
elected, I'd urge them to apply for other positions or get involved with our
Comp Plan. I really don't want to discourage people ...
                                                                        Page 33 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
