                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: If this is the alternative, right now we have 28,000
square feet. Ray Paul also mentioned that ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Scharff: Right. Is that 11 or is that 28 or have we not
decided as a Staff yet? Mr. Paul made the argument or pointed out that he's
got a building on there that's 18,000 square feet, that is zoned R&D, and
that he could move in an office/R&D tenant tomorrow.

Ms. Gitelman:     If I can—this is actually something that we looked at
carefully. I think the answer is really that we're both right. Mr. Paul pointed
out that his project is a net increase of only around 40,000 square feet,
because there's an existing building on the site. That existing building is not
an office use. If you look at the net office increase on the site from the two
projects, our Table Number 3 is correct. It's closer to 60,000 square feet of
net office.

Council Member Scharff: Is it zoned office at the moment, office/R&D?
Could he move in an office/R&D tenant tomorrow? That's what I heard him
say. That's what caught my attention.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: If he could do that, why—I mean the fact that he
didn't put an office use in it, we would interpret that it is—if he can put in a
new office/R&D tenant for 60 days on a month-to-month basis, does he then
have office use? I mean, it doesn't make sense.

Ms. Gitelman: That is an interesting question. Cara may have to help me
on this one. We didn't anticipate that there would be many instances, if
any, where someone could just use a use and occupancy permit, no tenant
improvements, that would have to go through discretionary review to get in
a sizable office tenant. I think it would be unlikely to get a project where
someone could take an auto garage and convert it to even Class B office
space without any exterior changes that would require discretionary review.
That was a calculation we made in drafting this Ordinance. I don't know if
you have anything to add.

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Let's let City Attorney answer first.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: We really do have to analyze
this project a little bit more. I think what we're referring to is the existing

                                                                        Page 123 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
