                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'll give it a shot. It's not just Staff; it's Staff and
CAC. We're asking that when we're going into our next Comp Plan, we're
going to look at what we think we want in these scenes. When we've got
Downtown, would we want HP to have their headquarters Downtown? We
have a situation that is not too different from that, that's morphed from
there. Our Downtown was not historically designed or zoned for those kinds
of purposes. We've had an evolution that's occurred that was not based
upon conscious and deliberate intention. I don't know what we should have
going forward, but I think we should have in the Comp Plan a thoughtful
discussion about do we want Downtown to be three big companies. Is that
what we have as a vision for Downtown?            This doesn't prescribe a
determination, but it frames an important issue that's entirely appropriate
for the Comp Plan.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I was going to ask the question ...

Mayor Holman: You need to be on the microphone please.

Council Member Scharff: I'm sorry. I guess I was going to ask the question
is it appropriate for Comp Plan to ask the question of commercial—first of
all, to evaluate ... I'll break it into two things. To evaluate modern use
definitions of our commercial zoning districts. Is that really something that's
appropriate in this Comp Plan discussion or is that a separate topic? I guess
I'm having a little bit of trouble with the way we agendized this. The agenda
is basically to talk about the Comprehensive Plan structure including goals,
vision statements and related issues for each Element. Here, I guess, we're
talking about redefining what goes on the in the commercial districts and the
uses for that. I don't think we put that in for the public to know that we
were going to talk about that tonight. I surely had no idea we were going to
talk about that tonight.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, if I might weigh in on this. It's just
like when the Comprehensive Plan is updated and we talk about what should
the boundaries be of the GM district. What's an appropriate area for the GM
district and the uses that are identified that would satisfy that zoning? This
is sort of that ilk. We're not deciding anything tonight. We're just saying we
want this to be looked at and recommendations come to us from Staff and
the CAC. We're not deciding anything tonight. This is the guidance.

Council Member Scharff: On "C," we're now saying direct Staff and the
Comprehensive Plan Committee to develop policies and programs that
control the occupant density of existing commercial uses. We don't use the
word evaluate, so we're making a decision that we think that the occupancy
is too high.

                                                                        Page 90 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
