                          TRANSCRIPT
else. That's not there, and I didn't state it. Third, I continue to believe that
the goals without the narrative in many cases are so ambiguous that they
really don't provide their intent. Just effective and efficient delivery of
community services is so far from what is in that following paragraph or
what we might put in that paragraph going forward in terms of what does
that mean, what do we want in those policies and programs that express
what this goal in bold means. You're missing a big chunk of what this is
about. I continue to say that whether we do it the way PTC did, which was
attempting to make a wordier goal, or a more succinct goal, with a narrative
which probably is the better to do it. One of the two of those needs to be
done. Without this, I don't see how you can have a great alignment
between the goal and the policies and programs because you don't exactly
know what the goal means.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. I completely agree with
your sentiments. If I could as a clarifying question. Would we be complying
with this amendment if we brought the draft element back to Council after
the CAC took a look at it in the January timeframe as we were planning?

Council Member Burt: I think in my mind that would probably be fine. Part
of what this implies in coming back is that there's going to be thought and
discussion about what ought to be in the narrative, and not simply take the
old narrative and assume that. The narrative's important. It's not an
afterthought. It's really what puts the meat on the bone about what we
mean by the goal that then gets translated into policies and programs.

Mayor Holman: If we can try to move this along. It sounds like—I have five
lights on this amendment. We're not going to be making much progress if
we're stuck this much on this.

Male: You can scratch mine off there.

Mayor Holman: We have four lights. What I'm hearing is, it sounds like,
that this could come back in the January timeframe. I'm looking for this to
be corrected if I misstate something. This would come back in the January
timeframe as was originally provided, that this could come back with the
existing narrative and any language that the Staff views that might further
clarify ...

Ms. Gitelman: We're going to have to update the narrative as part of our
work with the CAC. When the Council sees it again, you'll get the benefit of
the CAC's work on policies and programs and some updated—it may be very
similar to the existing, but we're going to take a look at the narrative and
make sure that it reflects that it makes sense in today's context.

                                                                         Page 80 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
