                          TRANSCRIPT

will be challenges that are not exactly spoken to here, but I do think were
acknowledged by all of the parties when we were working on the drafting.
That's it.

Mayor Holman: With that, the motion by Vice Mayor Schmid and second by
Council Member Kniss is to authorize the Mayor to sign onto a joint letter to
the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority for up to 11 North County
and West Valley cities. Vote on the board please. That passes again on an
8-0-1 vote with Council Member Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: We now move to Recommendation Number 2, which is
review and authorize a response to VTA Call for Projects consisting of the
attached list of proposed transportation projects.

Council Member DuBois: I was going to suggest and make a motion on
Number 28, if we could approve that letter right now as well.

Mayor Holman: We can do that. We can take that.

Council Member DuBois: Just while we're on letters. Get the letters done.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to do that?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I'll make the motion that the Mayor sign a
letter regarding the City of Palo Alto's position on new funding for State and
local transportation infrastructure.

Council Member Kniss: Second. (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Council
Member Kniss to authorize the Mayor to sign a letter regarding the City of
Palo Alto's position on new funding for State and local transportation
infrastructure.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to authorize the Mayor to sign a letter regarding the City of Palo Alto’s
position on new funding for state and local transportation infrastructure.

Council Member DuBois: I'll just say I think it's important that we also get
some State funding, particularly for some of these regional projects we're
talking about, like Caltrain. Yeah, I definitely support this letter.

                                                                        Page 79 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
