                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: We would have to look at those issues. I can't advise on the
competing interests and rights without looking at the Ordinance and doing
some research on that question.

Mayor Holman: I was thinking when we talked about it this morning that it
would have to be disclosed?   No?   Did I misunderstand?      I guess I
misunderstood.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to take a crack at it after listening to all
of you guys. I emailed it to David. To make a Motion that we—the Mayor
seconded this in March when I brought it up, and I hope she'll second this
Motion. We direct Staff to evaluate capping the fee for SSO at $2,000 from
residents per application for Fiscal Year 2016, bringing that to the Finance
Committee before the break. Direct Policy and Services to consider a new
process and appropriate fee structure to allow neighborhoods to bring forth
neighborhood conservation and preservation overlay zoning changes to
preserve neighborhood character, which may include zoning overlays that
include second stories.

Mayor Holman: I will second that.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to:

1.    Direct Staff to evaluate capping the fee for Single-Story Overlays
      (SSO) at $2,000 from residents per application for Fiscal Year 2016,
      bringing that to the Finance Committee before break; and

2.    Direct the Policy and Services Committee to consider a new process
      and appropriate fee structure to allow neighborhoods to bring forth
      neighborhood conservation and preservation overlay zoning changes
      to preserve neighborhood character, which may include zoning
      overlays that include second stories.

Council Member DuBois: The IR process is broken. This isn't just about the
fees. If we can address the fees through the Finance Committee, that's
great. What I'm hearing from residents is not that the single-story overlay
is perfect. Cities like Cupertino allow second stories but in the Eichler style.
Looking at this idea of a zoning overlay that would preserve a neighborhood
character but perhaps be a bit more flexible than an SSO, that's the second
part of the challenge that we should look at. I tried to capture a lot of the
comments about going to Finance, directing Staff to evaluate the number.
I'm open to tweaking this a bit. I tried to capture the thoughts there.

Mr. Keene: Before we go too far, I had a couple of thoughts. Number one, I
look to the City Attorney. The first part of the Motion is dealing specifically
                                                                          Page 52 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
