                             MINUTES
Ms. Nanda reported Mr. Beccaria did not know. Mr. Beccaria's point of
reference was that in September 2012 the park owner wrote a letter to
residents indicating he was considering closure of the park. In November an
actual application was filed. Mr. Beccaria did not consider any data after
those dates.

Council Member Burt stated that seemed reasonable. He wanted to know if
the data between 2000 and 2012 should reflect that the useful life of the
park was ten years and that buyers and sellers anticipated closure in 2012.
He questioned reasons for a buyer paying the same amount for a residence
with perhaps five years of useful life as a residence with a much longer
useful life.

Mr. Beccaria related his experience with the closure of a mobile home park
in Capitola. Capitola residents knew the closure was going to occur, but
sales continued. Sales of homes in the Capitola park correlated with sales in
the marketplace, because people had few alternatives.

Council Member Burt recalled Mr. Beccaria's offset of location and park
condition. He suggested three elements comprised that offset: the park
condition depressed pricing; the limited remaining life of the park depressed
pricing; and the location offset both of those. He questioned whether the
value of residents' homes should be discounted and whether that was an
appropriate discount.

Mr. Beccaria explained that comparable sales were taken from other
communities for traditional mobile home parks that had long-term life
expectancies.

Council Member Burt asked how Mr. Beccaria would calculate the difference
in price for Buena Vista homes if the park closure had not been announced.

Mr. Beccaria indicated Council Member Burt was making the appraisal
assignment hypothetical. He had to appraise the homes and park based on
the current reality.

Council Member Burt did not find a mention in the Ordinance regarding
discounting home values because the park had a limited life. In discussing
comparable physical conditions and comparable communities, the Council
should not ignore the discounting that occurred because the park and homes
only had a few years remaining.

Mr. Beccaria disagreed with Council Member Burt's view point.



                                                                       Page 17 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
