                         TRANSCRIPT
This route is designated a bike boulevard. It is used extensively by bicycle
commuters, train commuters and high tech employees. Additionally, it is
one of the only routes in and out of our neighborhood due to the limitations
imposed by the train tracks. It is essential that this route be safe and
useable by all of these modalities. We believe this intersection is extremely
dangerous for pedestrians, cyclists and cars. It is a free-for-all that has
given rise to many harrowing close calls and near misses. Once construction
concludes on 195 Page Mill and traffic increases, this already dangerous
condition will get worse unless appropriate safety measures are taken. Such
measures include stop signs, a traffic light, enhanced striping or other
pavement markers, street lights, flashing pedestrian signs, among so many
other things. We urge the Council to take immediate action. We would like
to support and participate in the City's plans for implementing changes that
will effectively reduce the hazards plaguing this grossly unsafe intersection.
Thank you for your kind attention to our concerns and to our request that
you remedy this situation. Respectfully signed by Jonathan Brown, Angela
Dellaporter, Chris Donlay, Marty Douglas, Kate Downing, Steve Downing,
Frank Flynn, Kirsten Flynn, Emily Matthews, Guy Matthews, Bill Moss,
Andreas Ramos. Rebecca Sanders and Pearlin Yang. Thank you very much.
Please think of something to help us out.

Mayor Holman:     Before you leave the speakerphone, Council Member
DuBois, did you have a question for the speaker?

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to let the speaker know that next
week the Park Boulevard Bike Plan is coming to Council and it has a lot of
elements you're talking about, so please take a look at that and come back if
you can.

Ms. Sanders: Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With that, Council Members, we go to Consent
Calendar.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: We have three items on Consent Calendar. You'll note that
at places we have a memorandum regarding Item Number 3. Vice Mayor
Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Move approval of the Consent Calendar with the
corrections on Attachment E, Attachment D and the fourth sentence of
Attachment D.

Mayor Holman: And the inclusion of Attachment E, correct?
                                                                       Page 32 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
