                          TRANSCRIPT
holden to that particular PC. I wish the Wheatley Properties which manages
the property at 755 Page Mill Road would be held to continue that
recreational facility. The Silicon Valley YMCA pulled out of that site. We've
been trying to find an operator to operate that particular site.
Unfortunately, demands have been such by the managing company, very
difficult to get a fitness operator, and now he's applied to convert that space
into office suites. I just wish we could enforce that PC at 755 Page Mill
Road. Thank you.

Public Hearing Closed at 10:44 P.M.

Mayor Holman: A couple of questions for Staff having to do with comments
from speakers. One is Mr. Ross' comments about CEQA, and the other is
Mr. Borock's comments about adequate availability of the PC Ordinance
itself.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. I'll address the CEQA issue. Mr. Ross stated that
the regulations should undergo a more substantial CEQA review. Staff's
rationale on this was that the regulations that you are dealing with today
really are procedural in nature. We think that a CEQA review exemption is
appropriate. What happens with these types of zoning Ordinances is, of
course, that once a project comes through, site-specific CEQA analysis is
conducted at that point in time. With these types of procedural Ordinances,
it's really a balancing act under CEQA as to when to do the CEQA review. Of
course, you don't want to do CEQA review when you don't really have
sufficient information on the scope of projects. That doesn't serve anyone's
interest. We think that an exemption here is appropriate.

Mayor Holman: The availability of the Ordinance and the timeliness of that?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I think the Clerk
may have some comments about the technical issues with the production of
the attachment to the agenda item.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Mayor Holman and Council, it was discovered on
Friday that the Minutes were not included in the report. It was an issue with
the agenda management program that we use. As soon as it was discovered
that the Minutes were not included, we sent them out to the Council
Members. We also uploaded them to the website to the agenda item.

Mayor Holman: I don't think we're speaking about the Minutes.               We're
talking about the Ordinance itself.


                                                                         Page 57 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
