                          TRASNCRIPT
priorities—you could add five or six—transportation—in no particular order—
transportation, housing cost, inequality and sea level rise and other impacts
from climate change, but sea level rise in particular. I see these as ones
that are new and different to some degree than we've seen in the past, that
are really, really at crisis points right now, that we need to take action on
very quickly. Even if we're not going to have tons of flooding tomorrow from
sea level rise, if we don't take action now, it poses a huge risk. I guess my
question for Staff and also for colleagues is, do you agree that those four are
the top challenges facing Palo Alto in the next decade. Do you think that
they need to be called out in a substantive way in the Comprehensive Plan?
Other things I would add onto that list would be earthquake risk and also
just making sure we're taking care of those who are at the margins. I
consider those to be more ongoing challenges that have existed in the past
and will continue to exist. Those four, the transportation problems, the
housing cost problems, the inequality issues and the sea level risk are kind
of increasingly unique in their acuteness in this decade. Again, curious to
hear thoughts from colleagues and Staff about whether they agree and how
that needs to be called out in the Comp Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. I think we had a
discussion in the past about the seven or eight themes or kind of
overarching issues that are identified in the introductory section of the
Comprehensive Plan. I think you'd find that those embrace the issues you
just mentioned in addition to some others that we're all aware of. The
drought and water conservation issues is one. Growth management and
kind of the rate of change and rate of growth is another one. I don't have
the seven or eight of them at my fingertips, but I think you're right to be
thinking sort of big picture, about what the main issues are. There is a place
in the Comprehensive Plan where we can address those. I think these are
topics that are going to come up in a variety of elements of the Plan.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think that's an interesting notion, to identify four or
five major things. I keep coming back to one of them at the forefront of our
planning, and that's growth management. If we look at the Citizens Survey,
there's no question that over the last three years the citizen response to
traffic, parking and land use has been dramatically different than any other
issue in the City. You mention the existing conditions report. On 1240,
yeah, we actually did have a traffic measurement between the beginning of
the old Plan and now. There's an increase of 53 percent in the standard
measures of traffic over that time. We started tonight talking about the
Parks Master Plan, and that the basis of the Parks Master Plan was the
assumption that there'd be 20,000 new people over 20 years. Now, that's a
powerful assumption to move ahead on the basis of the Parks Master Plan.
If, again, you look in the existing conditions report, which is the background
                                                                        Page 95 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
