                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Ms. Meyer: In most cases, it's already been built. That one is, in fact, just
zoning. By the way, the reason I'm talking about the Google spreadsheet is
if you go to the spreadsheet, you can sort and search on it without changing
the data. That's a nice little wrinkle for ...

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         Our next speaker is Doria Summa, to be
followed by Jan Stokley.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. I just wanted to let
you know that I am a member of the CAC, but I'm just speaking for myself
tonight. I don't think there's any need to speak about the need for housing
as so many people have. I did want to encourage you to retain the spirit
and much of the language of the present Comp Plan, which I think protects
the quality of life in Palo Alto and the neighborhoods. Specifically on Policy
L-8, I would recommend a Citywide cap on commercial, specifically office,
growth. We really have exceeded the commercial growth that the cap that
the Comp Plan anticipated when it was written in '98. I think that the
unchecked commercial growth has driven the housing prices up. It's not
going to be possible to totally close the jobs-housing gap. I think if we cap
the growth on office, we can stop the continuation of that gap and get closer
and closer. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Jan Stokley to be followed by Arthur Keller.

Jan Stokley: Good evening. I'm with Housing Choices Coalition. We're a
nonprofit organization that helps people with developmental disabilities
become integrated in their community through securing affordable housing.
We were actually founded by parents and service providers from Palo Alto
back in the day. We have partner properties where affordable housing units
have been set aside at affordable rents for people with developmental
disabilities. They're supported with a network of supportive services that are
funded by San Andreas Regional Center. We have 14 partner properties
across Santa Clara County. Unfortunately, we don't have any in the City of
Palo Alto. I'm here to speak in support of higher density, transit-oriented
affordable housing that's inclusive of all income groups, including extremely
low income.      That's inclusive of people of all abilities.     People with
developmental disabilities come in many sizes, shapes, stripes.           The
development disabilities include autism, which a prior speaker has
mentioned—we've seen a huge explosion here in Palo Alto as well as across
California—Down's syndrome, cerebral palsy, epilepsy and all forms of
intellectual disability. The several hundred families in Palo Alto who are
seeking our help to gain affordable housing are parents of adults who simply

                                                                       Page 47 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
