                          TRANSCRIPT
Kate Downing, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you very
much for having us here tonight. We appreciate the dialog. I'm taking
notes on your feedback and hope to improve our sessions going forward. I
also wanted to respond to some of the comments that we've received
tonight. I think one of the comments that I'd like to share is there's—I often
see Council giving very specific advice or suggestions to ARB or PTC. We
want you to look at this aspect of this project, or we want you to consider
this aspect of this ordinance. That's great. I think that we as PTC really try
to do that and try to look at those kind of specifics that we're asked to give
feedback on. The problem is that we're required to approve an ordinance in
its totality. When the Staff gives us our report and the Staff asks what's
required of us, we are required to either approve or disapprove the
ordinance in totality, even if you ask us to only examine something in part,
which means we can't ignore the rest of it, which means we can't not talk
about the rest of it. I think that's part of the discord that is happening
between us and the Council. I think that needs to be taken into account. I
would also like to respond to comments made about my own statements
personally. I'm really sorry that it's led to this level of miscommunication. I
will say that I'd like to give context to those comments since they've been
brought up on this Council several times at this point. The comments that I
made were during a meeting where we were discussing administrative
cleanup of the Code, basically simple things where we were making
clarifications within the Code to make it easier to read and easier to follow.
We were looking at a list provided to Staff of such clarifications. The Staff
had asked us to pick out the parts that we thought were not just
clarifications, but were actual policy decisions and required more
conversation and more discussion. When I saw on the list that part of what
we were trying to do as a matter of simple administrative cleanup was
actually changing the incentives for retrofitting buildings to be more
seismically secure, when I saw us making those changes, that didn't seem
like an administrative decision to me. That seemed very much like a policy
decision. Palo Alto is still filled with buildings that are not seismically safe.
Lots of our buildings were constructed long before we had the technology to
build safe buildings. Most of our Downtown is not seismically safe to this
day. To remove policies which increase our safety seems to me like a policy
decision; it's not an administrative cleanup. That's exactly the comment I
meant. The comment that I, in fact, made was surely Council doesn't mean
it that way. We should in fact have a discussion about this. We should have
transparency here, and we should have community input. I'm sorry my
comments were taken the wrong way about that. I think that there are lots
of things that need to be taken into account, and that wasn't the only one.
(inaudible). No, thanks.


                                                                             Page 61 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
