                          TRANSCRIPT
with drought-tolerant access planting; retrofitting the existing irrigation
system to increase watering efficiency; leveling the decomposed granite
areas under the magnolia trees; and putting in some new tables and chairs.
One other little step on City properties in response to the drought. On that
subject, I did want to provide Council with an update on the drought and our
community's response related to the emergency drought conditions. We
have been enforcing new water use restrictions that were approved by the
City Council in May. As you remember, Palo Alto must meet a State-
mandated 24 percent water use reduction for the period June 1, 2015
through February 28, 2016 compared to our 2013 calendar year water
usage. To monitor our progress, Staff is closely tracking water use and
posting updates online at cityofpaloalto.org/water. Since the beginning of
2015, we have reduced Citywide water consumption close to 20 percent. If
we can hit that additional 4 percent over the rest of the year, we certainly
have hit those targets. Of course, we're moving into a period where we
typically have a lot of irrigation use, so strict enforcement of our water
regulations out to help us do this. We are focusing on additional educational
efforts about water use and drought and offering free community
workshops, making presentations at neighborhood and business groups
meetings, doing our advertising in the utility bill inserts and in local media,
as well as encouraging citizens to report incidents of water waste through
the Palo Alto 311 mobile app. We've also set up recently a new drought
email address, drought@cityofpaloalto.org, to enhance communication with
the public and for us to hear from folks. We'll also be at a number of
community outreach events including the Chili Cook-Off at the 4th of July,
the Lockheed Water Fair, the worm composting workshop and the mulch
give away on July 25th to provide information on drought regulations and
water efficiency resources as well as hands-on laundry to landscape gray
water workshops in the fall. The Palo Alto Children's Theatre opened the
2015 summer hotdog season with a performance of Sleeping Beauty
featuring a youth cast and crew with more than 2,200 community members
attending the sold-out performances. The 2015 Twilight Concert Series
opened last Saturday at Mitchell Park with the twice Grammy-nominated
Wayne Wallace Latin Jazz Quintet. More than 600 people in attendance and
enjoying the music. The next stop is the youth musicians' concert featuring
local youth choirs and orchestras which will take place this Saturday,
June 27th, in the Mitchell Park Community Center courtyard. All of the
concerts run from 6:30 p.m. to 8:00 and are free to the public. The Palo
Alto Fire Department was recently acknowledged by the National Fire
Protection Association, NFPA, and the National Institute of Standards in
Technology with our Fire Chief Eric Nickel as a co-author of Smart
Firefighting Where Big Data and Fire Service Unite technical journal. Our
Staff is doing a lot of work, both the fire service and emergency responders,
from newly emerging technologies. I want to thank the leadership of Chief
                                                                         Page 29 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
