                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I had a brief conversation with a couple of the
residents and did not receive any substantial information that's not part of
the record.

Council Member Filseth:    I met with a group of residents and received no
particular information.

Mayor Holman: We've all read, I'm sure, a voluminous number of emails on
this item. I also had conversation with a number of neighbors and residents
about the project.

Russ Reich, Senior Planner: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council
Members. Russ Reich, Senior Planner, City of Palo Alto. To my right I have
Katherine Waugh of Dudek who prepared the environmental report that's
also before you this evening. The project before you this evening is for a
new three-story, 37-foot tall office building. This office building replaces an
existing office building that's on this site. The square footage for the
building is 24,466 square feet, for a net gain of 13,666. The project
components include architectural review and a Design Enhancement
Exception as well as an Environmental Impact Report. The Environmental
Impact Report is required because the existing building was found to be a
historic resource under CEQA. The demolition of the structure is a significant
and unavoidable impact under CEQA and requires that the Council adopt a
Statement of Overriding Considerations. This next slide includes the context
for the project site. You'll notice the red square in the center is the project
site. To orient you a little bit, you've got the Caltrain Station as the red star
in the top of the page. The Palo Alto Central Condominium Complex
basically surrounds the site to the northeast and south of the site. Directly
adjacent are single-story office buildings to the east and south with a two-
story office building and two-story single-family residence to the north.
Directly across the street to the west is the County Courthouse building.
This image is an image of the existing building. You can see the adjacent
two-story building and the four-story Palo Alto Central building beyond. This
image shows the existing building and the current curb cut that is on Park.
This curb cut will be removed as part of the project. The removal of this
curb cut provides additional parking as well as improves pedestrian and
bicycle safety by eliminating the interaction between vehicles and cars
crossing over Park. This next slide, just to the left of the existing building,
shows the two-story building to the left as well as the existing single-family
residence. You'll see the corrugated metal siding building in the center of
the page. This next view is looking north, down Park Boulevard, with the
project site to the right and the much larger County building off to the left.
The next slide is the opposite direction, looking south on Park with the four-
story condo building to the left. This final contextual slide is showing from
                                                                         Page 32 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
