                         TRASNCRIPT
School District and teens that there's not a great awareness in the schools
about how to access Mitchell if you're coming from the north. I think that's
an opportunity for better communication to be able to—now that our main
library is pretty much at the far south end of town, we need to figure out
how we get the word out and provide a lot of maps. I frankly don't think it's
as big of a struggle as it's perceived, but we need to close that knowledge
gap. Finally, kind of two things related to the parking scene. One is we
hear from a lot of people about disappoint that they can't do auto drop-off.
Can you explain to us why that has been eliminated?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: The drive-up book drop which was at Rinconada, at Main
Library, was never included in the planning. Both of those libraries were
including the automated materials handling. I think there were a number of
reasons behind that. One, because of trying to reduce the use of cars to get
everywhere. One to also—at that time there had been cutbacks in Staff, so
there was no intention that we would have additional Staff to go empty out
the thing. That's why we put the automated materials handling machine in,
to receive the items, sort them, get them ready to put back on the shelf.
I've done some checking. Most of the libraries who install an AMH don't
have a book drop. They don't have a drive-up drop. People have discovered
that, of course, there still is a drive-up book drop at Children's, because
Children's doesn't have automated materials. They have people physically
checking things in. If you drive behind Downtown Library, there is a book
drop right there less than two steps away. College Terrace also has a book
drop very close. We've actually been seeing increased returns at all of those
libraries. Not checkout, but returns.

Council Member Burt: I heard something very interesting in what you said.
Some people have discovered that they can drop them off. Why don't we ...

Ms. Ziesenhenne: We've been trying to, but it actually just makes a lot of
people crankier. They would just like to drive up and have the book drop.

Council Member Burt: Those are two issues. I'm not sure I disagree with
them. The fact that it was never in our plans, I don't find is a compelling
reason why we shouldn't have it. I don't quite understand how requiring
people to go park their car and use a parking space that's in competition and
go up to the drop off is somehow eliminating a car trip.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Right. I think that a lot of the folks who—I mean, there
is not enough parking at Mitchell Park if that's the one you're talking about.
The drop-off area is that area right in front of the owls that was intended to
be a quick drop-off. One thing that I have heard and have observed is a lot


                                                                       Page 10 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
