                          TRANSCRIPT

section where it says Section 3 or Section 4 or Section 1 or Section 2 in the
first paragraph. I was just looking at, as an example, it's Section 4, Item
Number 4. When you say " set nutritional standards for vending machines
located in City-owned or leased locations and for food offered at City events,
City-sponsored meetings, served at City facilities and City concessions," the
way I would read that is you probably wouldn't be able to serve soda, you
might not be able to serve chocolate, you might not be able to serve
cookies. I think that's very—what's the word? Directive. I actually printed
out for everyone other cities' responses to this. If you look at Mountain
View's, for instance, I actually thought Mountain View's was better. I
thought it said "make available healthy food service and vending choices."
It's less directional. I think we'd all like to have healthy choices, but I don't
want to tell people, for instance, you can't have a City function and serve
soda. Maybe we'd get there, but that would be a Policy and Services
discussion with some input from employees, input from other people. What
I'd like to see us do is either refer this to Policy and Services or pass this
tonight, but then just soften the language, which isn't that hard. Rather
than say, for instance in Item Number 6 under "4," healthy workplace, adopt
ethics standards and adopt policies that support diversity. That implies that
we don't have those policies. I am assuming we do have those policies. If
we think we need to adopt more policies, again I would view that as going to
Policy and Services or possibly be within the City Manager's purview where
you bring that. I think we should say things like, "support ethics standards"
and "support policies that support diversity." I think there's a couple of
those things. If we want to refer it to Policy and Services, I think we could
do that. I think the negative to doing that is that there are so many items
on here frankly, that Policy and Services could spend an entire year going
through all of these. I actually think the better practice would be to soften
this, make it more aspirational, take out the directive words. Where it says
"adopt," put in things like "support." Then I think we could adopt that
tonight. They could come back to us on Consent, having rewritten it in a
less directional, more aspirational way. Then we wouldn't have to go
through the whole Policy and Services. That's what I would personally
suggest to my colleagues, that we do that. For instance, I probably wouldn't
say "prioritize." That would be in healthy environment, Section 2. Prioritize
capital improvement projects that increase opportunities for health and well-
being. I personally think we need to prioritize the Public Safety Building.
You might be able to argue that that promotes well-being and all that, but
then again what doesn't? I think you might want to say "support capital
improvement projects that increase opportunities." I just wanted to throw


                                                                          Page 65 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
