                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:         Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace Part B of the Motion with, “direct Staff to return with a
proposal for an outer limit of the Downtown RPP Program and creation of
residential RPP for easy annexation by streets that opt-in.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Vice Mayor Schmid: Did you have another?

Council Member DuBois: On "F," I think there are several of these things
that really could be a Council-wide discussion, pricing policies, distribution
mechanisms. I'm not personally in favor of the one side of the street. I
would rather call out that we review the pros and cons of different
distribution mechanisms. For these Districts, we discuss a minimum and
maximum range of employee parking intrusion. Again, what we're talking
about, we're kind of loosely talking about these zones and selling a different
number of permits. I think that's a policy discussion we could have with
everybody present.

Council Member Kniss: Could we look at Molly a minute for that? We're
sitting here as five, because Molly had given some pretty strong
recommendations on who could be here and who couldn't.

Ms. Stump: It's fairly complicated. The structure that the Council had set
up previously with its overall Citywide Ordinance specifically identified that
there were some areas that the Council would like to take on, on an area-
by-area basis, and that would be done by Resolutions. That's what you're
doing here. Intrusion, what types and amounts of intrusion by nonresident
parking was one of those items. I think that was a recognition by the
Council at that time, which you potentially could change. There are areas of
town that have particular issues. There were a particular set of issues in the
College Terrace. There was a different set of issues with the Crescent Park
with the overnight. In fact, as we move along and see different types of
parking challenges, they may be very particular and require a customized
approach.      It may work, what Council Member DuBois is suggesting.
However, I will want to think further about this. If what you're suggesting is
that the Council make a change there and actually establish some overall
Citywide intrusion guidelines or limits or formulas, that might work but we
still are going to have to ask the question under the conflicts laws of whether
those will have a particular impact that's different in different parts of town.
It may. That's an area where I will need to work with the Staff and possibly
the FPPC to define that.

Council Member DuBois: I think a large part of this discussion in the last 45
minutes around "F" are really some general policy discussions about ranges
                                                                        Page 75 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
