                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Mm-hmm, as soon as it gets settled. Thank you to
everyone from the last project for moving out into the lobby and doing so
quietly. I really appreciate it, and you're doing a great job with that. Before
Staff makes the presentation on this item, Council Member DuBois has a
statement to make.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I just want to be clear about why I will be
recusing myself tonight on this item. The relevant legal issue in this case of
purple utility pipes and for utilities is where similarly situated properties are
included or if this is just for Stanford's benefit. While Phase 3 is ten miles of
pipe and it serves a lot of other properties including Cubberley, Gunn, a very
large cemetery, some churches, the VA Hospital, in the abundance of
caution and to avoid any risk that the EIR would be challenged, I am going
to recuse myself tonight. I'm very interested in the issue of water use, so
I'll ask Council, when we talk about strategy in the future, if we could
structure those narrowly so that I can participate. I am recusing myself.
Goodnight.

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 10:43 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. Council Member
DuBois will be leaving us this evening at this point in time. As soon as he
does, then Staff will be making a presentation. It's really because of Council
Member DuBois this is the last item. Not really. Staff, do you care to make
your presentation please?

Karin North, Watershed Protection Manager: Sure. Hi. My name's Karin
North. I'm the Watershed Protection Manager at the wastewater treatment
plant.    I am here to talk to you about the Recycled Water Project
Environmental Impact Report. There's a little bit of a history in terms of an
outline. I appreciate that you guys are here. It's almost 11:00 at night, so
I'm usually in bed by now, and I'm sure all of you are too. If I'm not as
sharp as my game is normally, I've been up since 5:00 because I start work
really early. Just wanted to let you know the history of the proposed
Recycled Water Expansion Project; what the public comments that were
received; the potential costs which we're not going to belabor much on the
cost just because we're here to certify the Environmental Impact Report and
get direction from you for future steps; and then recommendations. This is
some history. You can see back in Phase 1, since 1980, we've been
irrigating with recycled water at the golf course and the Greer Park area.
You can see the yellow area; that's the Regional Water Quality Control Plant.
We are, as you know, a regional facility, so we treat wastewater from
Mountain View, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Stanford, Palo Alto obviously, and
                                                                        Page 104 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
