                          TRANSCRIPT
is coming back, because I think there's probably some policy differences. I
just have no clue what they are. I think until you write those goals out and
write the narrative underneath it, I won't know. That's where I'm trying to
play with. That's why I want to see this come back and understand it. The
thing I hate to do most as a Council is to just vote on something and have
no idea what I've really done. That's sort of a little bit where I feel I am.

Mayor Holman: That's laudable. Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I could respond? Maybe we can step back
for a moment and just talk big picture. What we were really hoping this
evening is to get your guidance on the organizational structure of this
element. The organizational structure is defined by the vision and goals.
That's just the way the existing Comp Plan is written. The goals are as you
see them. They tend to be in themselves a statement of what we aspire to,
to use Council Member Burt's phrase. They are what they are. They are
supported in the existing Comp Plan by narrative, by policies and programs.
We are hoping to get sufficient direction from the Council so that we can
assist and support the CAC in delving further into all of the structure of the
plan that hangs under the vision and goals. We just cannot realistically do it
all at once, and we can't do it in a single meeting. This is the way we've
chosen to organize it. Council looks at goals. CAC looks at policies and
programs. Then it all comes together. Nothing is going to happen without
your review and participation. You can look at every piece of narrative that
supports every goal, every policy and every program. You can look at it
multiple times. I just realistically don't think we're going to be able to come
back multiple times at this juncture without delaying the work of the CAC.
Of course, that's your choice. If you want to take more time at this and
extend the CAC's work, we can do that as well. We're trying to get some
direction here on vision and goals. I do recognize the point that it's a little
bit apples and oranges. The existing Comp Plan and the PTC's version are
different, and that's why we were hoping that you would help us choose or
blend. Council Member DuBois has made a great suggestion of how to
blend. Our thought was that you were going to choose one or the other. A
blend is fine too, but it does create this difficulty that they're a little bit
different.

Mayor Holman: I think Council Member Burt wants to clarify.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. A couple of things. I appreciate the value of
what's in the primary motion—I stated that already—in achieving the
objective that you were looking for of providing the organization. Also, I
deliberately did not stipulate a timeframe for Staff to return to the Council
on this. You characterized it as if it was a timeframe before doing anything

                                                                        Page 79 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
