                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We return then to the main Motion. If we can get Staff to
scroll back up to that please. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I felt wanted on that one. I would say that I think
that we already had in there, in this, that there was weight given to the
pipeline projects. I really think we should be stronger than that to be fair. I
think that if the project was complete as of June 15, 2015, it should go to
the head of the line. I would propose that we put that in there.

Council Member Berman: What does that mean exactly?

Council Member Scharff: That that gets approved, those two projects.

Council Member Kniss: Greg, I can't (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: In "C" it says give projects in the pipeline after March 31,
2015 but deemed complete as of June 15, 2015 more weight in the process.
Is that what you're ...

Council Member Scharff:     That's what I'm referring to.    That seems—we
already said that.

Mayor Holman: Yes, we did.

Council Member Scharff: I think it should be stronger. I just want to make
that particular point stronger and say that those projects go to the head of
the line.

Council Member Berman: You mean should be (inaudible).

Council Member Scharff: Should be approved. Should be approved, correct.

Council Member Berman: As part of (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: But still subject to the cap?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, still subject to the cap. I mean, there's two of
them. If it's not—there's four of them. It could take longer. I mean, they
may not be the first one to go. I mean, you're not going to get them all in
the same year; you're going to get them over a two-year period.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Scharff, would you care to make a clear
amendment?

Council Member Scharff: Yes. I would say give the projects in the pipeline
after March 31, 2015 but deemed complete as of June 15, 2015, that they

                                                                       Page 126 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
