                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I think those are appropriate considerations. I don't
want to limit our discussion to those. Those can either be guidance or ...

Council Member Filseth: I don't mean to limit it to those.

Council Member Burt: ... language that says "including but not limited to."

Council Member Filseth: Perfect.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion in Part D, “including but not
limited to tipped wait staff in restaurants and seasonal teenage employees”
after “of exceptions.”

Mayor Holman: I don't need to add it in there, but I'm also like small
business owners, like ten employees or fewer.

Council Member Burt: I'm sorry. It said seasonal.

Council Member Filseth:    Yeah, I think I had seasonal employment for
teenagers in there.

Council Member Burt: If I might just comment on that. As we think
through unintended potential consequences, do we want to incentivize
businesses to hire sub-minimum wage teenagers instead of adults who are
trying to feed their families, because it becomes an economic incentive to
do so. Those are complicated issues. I'm not offering solutions tonight.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I wonder if I could get the word "enforcement" in
there among the impacts.      With only complaints, the only means of
enforcement through a San Jose thing, there might be some issues. It
would be good to have Policy and Services monitoring that.

Mayor Holman: Are you saying "impacts and enforcement?"          Where are
you suggesting putting that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. So that you have "consideration of exceptions,
impacts and enforcement."

Council Member Burt: Have you read the enforcement that's in the Code
that we have tonight? Are you saying that we should do something
different?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. It comes only on complaint. Just to understand
that that is working well.

                                                                        Page 39 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/24/15
