                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace in Municipal Code
Section 18.85.103(a), ‘submitted to the City’ with ‘approved by the
Director.’"
Council Member Filseth: If we're closing here, I still had a question about
my very first Amendment which had to do with the language in things that
were open to the public. The City Attorney was going to have some other
language. Include uses.

Mayor Holman: Where are you, Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: I'm at Motion A, clarify the definition of retail and
retail-like services to include uses open to the public.

Mayor Holman: I think the word "generally" might be added there. Uses
generally open to the public.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “generally” after “shall be.”
Council Member Filseth: I was looking at the word "included."         Don't you
really want to use "exclude uses not open to the public?"

Ms. Silver: What we'd suggest is following the definition of retail-like uses in
18.85.101, add a sentence stating "to qualify as a retail use under this
definition, the use shall be generally open to the public." That captures ..

Council Member Filseth: I think that captures it.

Ms. Silver: ... the daycare use which I think Staff would interpret that to be
that the public is able to use the daycare.

Council Member Berman: I'd like to get a better understanding of the
impact of changing the verbiage from "submitted to the City to approve by
the Director." It sounded like that would affect three projects, but we've
decided that the project on University has technically been approved by the
Director. I guess we're all quasi on record as saying that that one wouldn't
be affected, even though it's affected by a whole lot of other stuff right now.
Can I get a better understanding of what the two projects are that would be
affected? Would it be two? Would it be one? I'm getting conflicting
feedback from different people.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Berman. There were two other
projects on the list, but one of them is an auto service use. It's a rental car
and automobile, like a body shop. Since the Council hasn't included auto

                                                                          Page 58 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
