                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm trying to think what the alternative is.

Council Member Wolbach: Perhaps we should amend it to say direct Staff to
review the daylight impact on the single-family home adjacent to 2555 Park
Boulevard with the Planning Director to have discretion to consult with a
subcommittee of the Architectural Review Board or the entire ARB.

Mayor Holman: That doesn't get us there.

Council Member Burt:     That doesn't address the concern that the Mayor
raised.

Council Member Scharff: You could have a Director hearing on that issue, at
which point they could have that issue. My only concern is I don't want to
see this project again on that issue and have an appeal on it. That's the risk
we run.

Council Member Burt: Let me ask Staff on that. If we include a Director's
hearing, is that too little or too much?

Ms. Silver: It's appealable to the Council in that case.

Council Member Burt: I'd like to ... That's appealable too. I'd like to go with
the wording that's here.

Mayor Holman: The motion in front of us is to direct Staff to review the
daylight impact on the single-family home adjacent to 2555 Park Boulevard
with the Planning Director to have discretion to consult with a subcommittee
of the Architectural Review Board or the Architectural Review Board. Vote
on the board please. That passes on an 8-0-1 vote with Council Member
DuBois abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois abstaining

Council Member Wolbach: If we would like Staff to look at traffic calming on
Park beyond the sight plane, what's the best way to do that? Either tonight
or in the future.

Ms. Silver: In connection with this project or on Park overall?

Council Member Wolbach: Whether tonight or in the future, what's the best
way to offer that direction that's appropriate to our process?

Mr. Lait: I would offer in the future, in consideration of the department's
work program and the different endeavors that we have underway. We
might be able to accomplish the task, a multitude of tasks.
                                                                       Page 101 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
