                         TRANSCRIPT
minimizing the vegetation removal, which will ultimately grow back. We're
not talking about tree removal, but the weedy shrubs along the existing
fencing. Our Staff will be putting together graphics and pictures to show the
planned work throughout the Corridor, so that when we meet with the public
they're well informed about the changes. Finally, work is also progressing
on the automated intrusion detection camera system that we'll be piloting at
the Meadow crossing. Our Staff is reviewing the proposed equipment
installation and arranging onsite coordination with Caltrain. It is possible
installation work could also begin during your recess. In addition to these
means restriction measures, work continues on restructuring Project Safety
Net.     In August, the Council will consider the Policy and Services
Committee's recommendations for what is referred to as the collective
impact model to ensure sustainable and ongoing success, which would
include new recommendations relating to a Project Safety Net Director,
Executive Board, enhanced data collection resources and an elevated and
engaged role for youth in our community.               Caltrans is continuing
construction of the Highway 101/San Francisquito Creek Bridge Replacement
Project. Staff is aware that the project has caused traffic backups on the
freeway and local streets leading to the freeway, and has been in contact
with Staff from East Palo Alto and Caltrans on ways to lessen the project
impacts. We are talking with East Palo Alto and Caltrans Staff about
adjusting the timing of those traffic signals near the Highway 101/University
Avenue interchange to improve traffic flow. Our communications folks will
continue     to   post   project   information    to    the   City's  website,
cityofpaloalto.org/US101 and to affected neighborhoods via NextDoor and
neighborhood association emails that we have. Late last week we did reach
an agreement with Caltrans to postpone any work on East Bayshore Road
until at least 2016. The original plan was to narrow East Bayshore Road to
one lane with two–way traffic controlled by a temporary traffic signal during
the summers of 2015 and '17. That work has now been postponed until at
least 2016.      Caltrans is exploring an improved option whereby the
replacement of the bridge could be accomplished in a single summer.
Professorville Design Guidelines. The State Office of Historic Preservation
has agreed to provide a $37,000 grant to the City as part of our 2015-2016
Certified Local Government Grant Program. The funds are being made
available to prepare architectural design guidelines for the Professorville
Historic District and will support Staff's work to bring this long-running
project to conclusion. I want to thank all of the folks who submitted
applications for appointment to the new Comprehensive Plan Citizens
Advisory Committee. The Committee will have 17 voting members and 3
nonvoting members representing the School District, the Planning and
Transportation Commission and Stanford University as determined by the
Council. We received over 50 applications for the 17 slots that will be
appointed by the City Manager. We expect to make our final decision and
                                                                          Page 4 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
