                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Bob Moss, who wants to speak to boundaries.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman. As you may recall when this was
discussed previously, I said if you don't include the entire City, you're going
to force office development in other areas like Bayshore and San Antonio.
The simple way to do it is 50,000 square feet office development Citywide
period. Don't try to pick and choose. You could temporarily exclude the
Stanford Research Park, because that's addressed under a very different
process. There's an agreement between the City and Stanford about how
much total development they can put in and in exchange what they can do
and what they can't do. It's not unreasonable to exclude the Research Park,
but the rest of the City, just include the entire thing. One of the things that
is important to bear in mind is that—the Staff Report hints at it—office rents
are significantly higher than retail rents. You may recall during the dot com
boom the office rates in Palo Alto were the highest in the entire world, about
$9.85 a square foot per month. They've gone down since then, but they're
still quite high. It's more—let's say it gives a higher return to the property
owner if he rents out for office space than for retail space.            That's
demonstrated by the Table 1 in your Staff Report. In the last 15 years,
Downtown and El Camino have lost about 73,000 square feet of retail but
gained about 370,000 square feet of office space. The areas which are
allowed to develop office space will develop office space. As we well know,
offices have a lot of negative impacts. I don't believe the figure that the
Chamber of Commerce put out, that the average office worker occupies over
380 square feet. That does not compute. That's not my experience with
office uses in Palo Alto. I can't imagine people paying that amount of rent,
$6 or $7 a square a foot, and not stacking as many workers in as they
possibly can. I would suggest—one other point. The 50,000 square foot
limit would not have a significant negative impact on normal developments.
Two-thirds of the years between 2000 and 2015, the actual amount of office
space developed has been less than 50,000 square feet. The average for
that 15 years is about 42,000 square feet. It would not be a really serious
negative impact on the developers, on the office use or on the community. I
urge you to adopt it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. One more speaker to speak to the boundaries
issue who is Joe Hirsch. You'll also have three minutes. Thank you for
coming.

Joe Hirsch: Mayor Holman, one question for you. Should I make all my
comments now or just limit myself to the boundary issue?

Mayor Holman: You may do it either way.


                                                                        Page 86 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
