                          TRANSCRIPT
moved on. I mean, we might want to talk about having principles that High
Speed Rail shouldn't restrict Caltrain capacity. They're about to come out, I
thought, with a new business plan and funding plan. We talk about the
revised HSR business and funding plans. I'm not sure we have to do that
yet, but I think we should start thinking about if we're going to have a
statement, making sure that it's relevant. There may come a time when
High Speed Rail is so far along, if it gets along, that our position shouldn't be
that it should be terminated. After they spend so much money on it, it may
not make sense to be terminating it. I think we may want to start thinking
about where that goes and at least look at that situation as we progress
through this. I do think on an overarching thought what we really need to
do is to come up with a plan. I'm all for authorizing Staff to spend what it
needs to make circulation work. I really liked it when the Assistant City
Manager, I think it was, Ed Shikada said we could look at circulation. I was
thinking about that a little bit. If you look at the costs that we have for
some of this stuff, about whether or not to maintain the turn movements.
Turning right on Alma is really not a problem. I mean, you can always find a
way to turn. It's that left turn at rush hour on Alma; you simply can't do it
without a light. I drive up to Churchill and make my left there to get onto
Alma. Getting onto Alma anywhere else—I mean, getting on Alma off Page
Mill doesn't really work with that left; there's no light there. If you're
anywhere there and you want to get onto Alma, you have to basically, I
think, go to one of the crossings where you have that. That doesn't mean
that we couldn't put a light somewhere. It doesn't have to actually be at
those places. It doesn't mean we couldn't fix Oregon to allow people to get
on there. I'm just thinking there should be some good circulation plan that
works. I think that's where we have to think about it. I think, at like
Churchill for instance, it may make sense to do the cheaper alternative, if
that's what happens, where we do just a depressed roadway for 90 million
or it may makes sense to do the 184 million where we maintain the turn
movements. I'm just not sure with those three property acquisitions; we
need to look at that. I think it's too early in the process to say what to do
without a lot of Staff work. I guess what I'm looking for is how do we
authorize Staff to come up with a circulation plan that makes sense. I think
without a plan it's very hard to evaluate what to do. I think when I read
this, it's pretty clear that if we did a trench, for instance, the trench doesn't
go as far as Churchill. It's really those two. Therefore, what do we do about
the Churchill crossing and possible others? I think it's really all about
circulation on this and maintaining Caltrain capacity and maintaining east-
west movement. The other thing, I guess, I wanted to say is I think we
have more time than we think a little bit in some of this stuff. I was having
a conversation last week with the Director of Planning for San Francisco. We
had a long discussion regarding when are they going to get Caltrain down to
the transbay terminal. He said the current EIR process and the route they
                                                                           Page 19 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
