                         TRANSCRIPT
including support for mass transit and efforts to reduce single occupancy
vehicle trips.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman?

Council Member Berman: Sure.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I'm being won over by Council Member Burt. I
understood this was doing what we're doing in Palo Alto, which is repaving
the streets and providing communities that don't have the money to repave
to do that. I would have too much concern about us adding this without a
better context of where the bill's going. I couldn't accept this amendment.
The right thing to do would probably be go to Policy and Services in a timely
way and have us watch this bill. I'd like us not to forget the status of this,
but to go to Policy and Services as soon as we have some parameters and
have you guys vet it. That's what I'd like to see.

Mayor Holman:    Council Member Wolbach, do you want to offer your
amendment as a freestanding amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: My concern is timeline. The legislative session
ends at the end of August, right?

Mr. De Luca: Correct. However, since this is called in a special session,
some of those deadlines are off.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll retract my motion for now.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mr. De Luca: Another option could also be on behalf of the City of Palo Alto
support if amended to include certain things.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I was suggesting, but it doesn't
sound like my colleagues are going to go down that road. I'll retract my
amendment.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to suggest that maybe we could closely
track SB 16 and as soon as the outlines are a little clearer, go to Policy and
Services as soon as possible.

Mayor Holman: You're offering that as a substitute motion?



                                                                         Page 45 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
