                          TRANSCRIPT
chasing the Google unicorn. That has been dangled out in front of us for
three years and it may eventually happen, but I certainly don't want to have
us hold back because we keep thinking this magical thing's going to fall in
our laps from Google. I don't know if it's a unicorn or it's Lucy pulling the
football out from in front of Charlie Brown. In any event, I want to see us
look at moving forward now. If Google's got something that they will
commit to in the near term, great. Otherwise, I'm not for holding and
waiting for them. Maybe if we actually lay it on the line, we'll see that they'll
get off the dime. If not, we've got $20 million to leverage, and almost no
other city has that to work for the premise program. If anybody can do it,
we should with our demographics and those dollars.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks again for serving. John and Asher are
finishing up; I appreciate your service. As a new Council Member, I would
appreciate, the next time you guys come, some kind of presentation, a
summary of accomplishments and some of your issues and questions.
That'd be useful. A lot of groups do that when we have these joint
meetings. Personally, I'm very interested in water reuse and how Palo Alto
can move forward in that area. I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. I'm
also very interested in Fiber to the Premise.          I won't repeat what
Commissioner Burt said, but it was a good summary. I did attend one of
your recent meetings, and there seemed to be some question about whether
the UAC should be discussing fiber. Maybe we can clarify that. I would like
to see you guys review our progress in fiber both on the Google initiative
and the City-owned service. I would love to see you guys do that regularly
and send your recommendations to us, because it's a complicated issue. On
fuel switching and sustainability, that same night you guys had a preview of
what we're going to get tonight. You guys had some interesting comments.
I particularly appreciated some of the comments on how do you manage the
transition and what are the economics of that, particularly if we're trying to
switch from gas to electricity. We have these big hairy goals, these
reductions we want to get to. If you guys could give us feedback on how
you do that in a way that makes economic sense, that'd be very useful.
Thank you.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I'd also like to thank Commissioner
Melton and Commissioner Waldfogel for their service. I've enjoyed working
with you on the UAC and been really impressed by both the contributions
you guys have made. This is really a fantastic Commission. I'm always
really impressed with the thoughtfulness and analysis that you guys do.
Keep up the good work; you really do a great job. When it comes to
undergrounding, since you mentioned that, I thought I'd mention that as
well. I also think we should put that to the people of Palo Alto. Obviously,
it's very expensive. I've heard really large numbers to underground the

04/20/2015                                                               117- 274
