                          TRANSCRIPT

we also realistically understand that there are limited resources and a lot of
competing interests and needs that the City have and the City Staff have
We discussed what we might we do in the first year. A few of the items here
that you see were selected, about seven of them that we think are very
doable and not a great impact to the general fund but can have a real
important impact. One of them, the first one I mention here, is the create a
welcome packet for new residents that orients families, individuals to health
and wellness opportunities in Palo Alto.           We're currently updating the
Comprehensive Plan, so it's very timely to be thinking about how we can
promote health as we update that important plan. Advance Bike and
Pedestrian Plan projects; we heard about that earlier this evening.
Implement City employee health and wellness initiative. Again, Kathy Shen
is here, can speak to that a little bit if you'd like to hear about that. We also
discussed as a group the idea of bringing businesses together and sharing
best practices for employee wellness programs. We've got some really
innovative businesses in this community doing some really interesting work
around employee health and wellness, and what can we learn from one
another. Partnering. We would like to partner with the Chamber of
Commerce to put a form around that. One of the biggest things that we
actually were able to do was in partnership with the local Palo Alto Family Y
and Lucille Packard Children's Hospital put on a health fair that promotes
health and well-being. In fact, we have Jade Chao here for the Board from
the Palo Alto Family Y that I invited just to say a couple of words about that
health fair. I'm not sure if any of the Council Members were able to attend.
Jade.

Jade Chao: Thank you. I'd just like to thank the Council Members and the
Mayor for giving me the opportunity to speak on behalf of the 2015
Community Health Fair. As the chair of the planning committee, I want to
thank the City, the Stanford Health Care, the adult hospital as well as Lucille
Packard Children's Hospital and the YMCA. They were cosponsors of this
event. New this year, we engaged our very talented youth, our Gunn and
Paly High School students who introduced and moderated the Stanford
physician, nursing and nutritionist teams who were speakers at the health
fair. I had asked Sandra Su who is a friend of mine and a City resident, but
also a pediatric nurse, over the summer if she would train a group of high
school students to be moderators. The students were very poised, very
deliberate, well prepared and very impressive. They did a great job at the
health fair. This was one of the interesting ways we were engaging the
youth in this community. Also new this year, we invited the Palo Alto
nonprofits. Over 30 nonprofits came and experimented with an open house
which was very successful. Over the lunch hours, they were able to stand
                                                                          Page 59 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
