                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff was confused by the need for a barrier. The
Comprehensive Plan provided the notion of pedestrian-friendly, walkable
neighborhoods. A barrier was not friendly or walkable. Perhaps Mayor
Holman meant something other than a barrier.

Mayor Holman suggested a safety measure, attractive bollards, or something
that provided safety.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “barrier” to “safety measure” in
paragraph 7 of the Motion.

Council Member Berman did not understand the purpose of a barrier or
safety measure given the distance between trees whether on the inside or
outside of the sidewalk.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to remove “To ask applicant to explore a safety measure
between Page Mill Road and the sidewalk.” from the Motion.

Council Member Berman was worried that this would be required for other
projects when it did not set the appropriate aesthetic value. It would be a
waste of Applicant's time.

Council Member Scharff agreed that the barrier or safety measure was
unnecessary.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Berman, Scharff, Wolbach yes

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to remove “to direct Staff to ensure that the parking
analysis captures the effect of the loss of parking on Page Mill Road.”

Council Member Wolbach felt it was unnecessary and unfair to analyze an
impact over which the Applicant had no control.

Council Member Scharff believed analyzing an impact that was not part of
the project was a bad approach.

Council Member Burt reiterated that a variety of factors on the site and in
the surroundings were considered in calculating the reduction in the parking
requirement. Staff would consider in their best professional judgment the
amount of parking that would be needed for a mixed-use project. If there
was quite a bit of parking on the street, then Staff would probably require
less onsite parking. It was a valid consideration for Staff to include in their
appraisal of the amount of parking needed for a mixed-use project.
                                                                         Page 37 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
