                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You'll relate that then to the—excuse me. Council Members
at the end of the dais. Excuse me. You'll refer that then to the CAC? You'll
relate that, I mean, to the CAC?

Ms. Gitelman: Be happy to.

Mayor Holman: Sorry, but it's pretty loud on the other end of the dais. I'm
sorry for that. I don't have any other comments. I see—Council Member
Burt, your light's on?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I just want to go back to this change from
"particularly"—this is in C-5—"children, youth and seniors and unhoused" to
"inclusive of."      Semantically that actually dilutes the statement.
"Particularly" is an emphasis on. "Inclusive of" means including but not
limited to. Certainly we don't mean to limit it, but it's a dilution. It's not an
emphasis, what you just did there. It goes, I think, the opposite direction
from what you intended. I would advocate it be returned to "particularly" or
some other ...

Council Member Scharff: Particularly for.

Council Member Burt: Particularly for, yeah.

Mayor Holman: From my interpretation of it, "particularly for" is limiting.
You heard my comments before. At any rate ...

Council Member Burt:       No.    It gives greater emphasis to those four
categories than other categories. That's what it does. If your intention is to
include other categories on that same par ...

Mayor Holman: I see what you're saying.

Council Member Burt: If you want to emphasize these four categories,
"inclusive of" goes in the opposite direction.

Mayor Holman: To Council Member DuBois, who's the maker of the motion,
"inclusive of all community members including." I mean, we're really getting
into wordsmithing here.

Council Member Burt: It's not "including." Was your intention to broaden?

Mayor Holman: Yes, yes. Because the focus (inaudible) be "particularly
for," but that seemed to leave out a whole sector of the community. If you
have better words, then I'm open to that.

Council Member DuBois: I'll accept whatever gets us to a vote quicker.
                                                                         Page 87 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
