                             MINUTES
Cedric De La Beaujardiere remarked that the Council would need information
such as annual office growth in square feet, number of jobs, residential
population changes, and changes in the number of housing units. He
supported the use of impact fees and zoning changes.

Mayor Holman noted the time of approximately 9:00 P.M. with the current
item scheduled to end at 9:30. If the Council continued with the Agenda,
the meeting would end at approximately 11:00. She suggested the Council
take up Agenda Item Number 12. She inquired about the timeliness of
Agenda Item Number 14.

Council Member Berman advised that a large group of community supporters
were planning to attend the Council meeting. The item coincided with an
opinion-editorial piece in the Palo Alto Weekly and a nationwide event
scheduled for the weekend.

Mayor Holman suggested continuing the discussion of Agenda Item Number
11 and then taking up Agenda Item Numbers 12 and 14.

Council Member Burt suggested moving Agenda Item Number 12 to the end
of the Agenda as members of the public were present for Agenda Item
Numbers 13 and 14.

Mayor Holman understood that would commit the Council to taking up
Agenda Item Number 13 and would limit the time available for discussion of
Agenda Item Number 11.

Council Member Scharff inquired about the time to end discussion of Agenda
Item Number 11.

Mayor Holman answered 9:30.

Mr. Keene felt that was appropriate. The Council could give Staff sufficient
direction in that amount of time to prepare for the subsequent meeting on
March 2.

Mayor Holman reiterated her wish for Council Members to offer a series of
Motions rather than one Motion covering multiple topics.

Council Member Scharff recommended Council Members defer Motions in the
interest of time.

Council Member Wolbach commented that the negative impacts of offices
were traffic, parking, housing demand, and loss of retail space. Palo Alto did
not need a great deal more office space. Limiting office development limited
supply without limiting demand, thus costs would rise and small businesses

02/09/2015                                                             116- 471
