                         TRANSCRIPT
"Yeah, we'll do at least that." How much more we'll do is to be determined
by further analysis. We're evaluating electrification strategies. We'll be
back to you, as you requested, probably in May with a plan of action about
how to pursue that diligently. We're exploring development of mobility as a
service pilot both locally and with other partners in the region. We need to
explore the implications of changes to the Utilities business model. You'll be
deciding tonight on the new Green Building Ordinance and Energy Reach
Code. Peter Pirnejad and his team will be starting immediately following
that adoption on the next Code cycle, continuing to ratchet up our standards
and services. I mentioned new financing strategies. The sustainability
dashboard work which just kicked off last week will give us a much more
comprehensive and granular and flexible view of our performance data, so
we can understand better what we're doing, where the leverage points are
and how effective we're being, to ultimately decide our trajectory for the
next five, ten and twenty years. The question for us to ask as a small and
innovative city is are we a drop in the bucket in the face of the global
climate crisis or are we going to make waves. I'll stop there. I'd love to
hear your thoughts and your questions.

Council Member Kniss: Lots of thoughts at this point. One of the areas, Gil,
I'd like to push on right away is we are extremely enthusiastic about electric
cars. While I haven't gone electric yet, I've gone hybrid. We're all delighted
with our reduction of gas mileage. I've thought of this all the way through
your presentation. There is always a reaction in some way to that or
something is positive and something is negative. The negative to that is Gas
Tax and how do we maintain our highways. While we may not think of that
as a sustainable kind of concern when we're looking at this, it actually is
one. Pretty much the roads run on the Gas Tax. Without that Gas Tax, it's
going to be very difficult for us to continue that. What you're talking about
tonight are a number of tradeoffs and switches. That's one small one thing.
You've talked about natural gas and all clean electric. If you were listening
earlier, you could hear that was a discussion on the Council as to which
direction should we go, and not everyone feels the same way about giving
up natural gas and going to all clean electric. There's a cost. There's also
any number of other ramifications. I really admire your reach and your push
and so forth, but there are certainly a number of equal and opposite
concerns that I thought of right away. I know you're going to get lots of
questions and lots of feedback from the rest of the Council as well. Some of
them have been doing this with the City for more years than Marc and I
have. I appreciate the report and I hope we do make waves. I hope that is
our goal rather than being a drop in the bucket. I think we've already made
waves. That's one of the things that Palo Alto can feel really good about,
starting with Palo Alto Green. It's made a dent. One more thing, Mayor
Holman. Water which earlier tonight Council Member DuBois talked about,

04/20/2015                                                             117- 289
