                          TRANSCRIPT
Attachment E contains a letter from the applicant. By way of comparison,
here is the project that was presented to the City Council in May. As we go
to the Kipling elevation, this is the revised elevation off of Kipling to respond
to the Council's comments. This was the project that was first reviewed by
the City Council on appeal. That takes us to the alternatives that are before
the Council today. There are three basic alternatives: either to deny the
appeal and uphold the project based on the Director's findings; uphold the
appeal and approve the project with modified findings and conditions; or
uphold the appeal and deny the project based on specific findings. I'll
conclude the Staff Report at this time and thank you for your attention.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. At this time we have an appellant and an
applicant. You'll each be granted up to ten minutes. At the conclusion of
other public comments, you'll each have three minutes to conclude or
respond, should you desire to do that. Mr. Mitchell, are you speaking for the
applicant?

Kent Mitchell:   Yes, Madam Mayor.      The architect is going to speak first,
(inaudible).

Mayor Holman: I don't. Can you clarify with the Clerk? I don't have any
way of knowing who that is.         First, we will hear from the appellant,
Mr. Harbour. You'll have up to ten minutes. Mr. Mitchell, if you would work
with the Clerk so that I can identify who, names, is going to speak for the
applicant, that would be really helpful. Thank you. Mr. Harbour, you'll have
up to ten minutes. Will you be the only speaker for the appellant?

Public Hearing opened at 5:11 P.M.

Michael Harbour, Appellant: I'm the only one amongst the appellants here
that are speaking. I don't know about the members of the public.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Mr. Harbour: Is Roger here, who's in charge of the slides? Let's see here.
Good evening, and thank you for an earlier special session to review this
final review of the proposed building at 429 University at Kipling Street,
which is an important designation, that it's at Kipling. On behalf of the
appellants, I wanted to present some of our evaluations with regard to the
work that's been done since we last were together on May 4th. As you know
when I presented originally to you, the appellants had a number of concerns
as well as the public regarding Municipal Code, Comprehensive Plan
Regulations and Downtown Guidelines that we all felt were ignored by this
plan. We felt Palo Alto Municipal Code requires harmonious transitions in
scale and character and that are considerate of each other as designated by
                                                                              Page 3 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
