                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Berman: No, it's fine. In regards to the prioritization of
goals which we'll discuss more at length later, obviously housing is the
massive omission.

Mayor Holman: At the moment, we have a motion on the floor to speak to.

Council Member Berman: Yeah, and I'm speaking to it. I won't support the
motion, because frankly I don't understand enough about the high-level
quantitative framework. I haven't looked at the Ontario model or Calgary
model. My concern is that we're going to get to a point where we're going to
create a point system that will attach to every project or whatever that
comes in front of the Council. I just don't know enough about that to
support that at this time. Maybe when it comes back, because I'm guessing
it'll get enough votes, I'll know more at that point and be supportive of it.
All I've heard is references to other cities' models that I haven't seen. I
haven't heard well enough how we'd implement that type of a framework
and what that would really mean in practice. Until I hear that, I'm not
comfortable with it.

Council Member Filseth: Actually, I think Council Member Burt may have
answered my question. I just want to make sure that it's clear that the
framework is going to stay the purview of Council even though it's classified
as the implementation section, because the Council is supposed to be vision
and high—okay. That was my clarification.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to address kind of this question about how
much we're dictating tonight. I felt that the point was we're going to have a
more in-depth—we're just saying we want to have a discussion about this.
Looks like it'll probably happen in December. We want to think about it, talk
about it, give Staff a chance to bring it back before we vote in favor or
against it. We're not necessarily adopting it right now. We're certainly not
adopting that particular inverted pyramid tonight or the Calgary model
tonight. We're just asking Staff to look at those, come back with some
ideas, and we'll work on it from there. If that's where we're at, not dictating
any specifics and just asking for a chance to talk about it later, I can support
the motion.

Mayor Holman: I have one question about the motion, which otherwise I
support. In the fourth line, it says quantitative framework that will be used
to guide impacts. I don't know what "guiding impacts" means. If I could
offer to the maker and seconder of the motion that it be "framework to be
used to evaluate and/or eliminate impacts." I just don't know what "guide
impacts" means.

Council Member DuBois: How about "guide decisions concerning impacts"?
                                                                        Page 105 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
