                          TRASNCRIPT
the second question, it says minimize ongoing maintenance costs to achieve
quality experiences. I guess I'm not clear what that means, because how do
you minimize maintenance costs in open space areas, for instance? I can
see how you'd want to plan for efficiency when it comes to buildings, but I'm
not quite sure how that is. One of the principles again is flexible enough to
accommodate multiple uses across time. It makes me worry about our Park
Dedication Ordinance. Is that specific to buildings or is it specific to parks?
Are you including our open space? Some of these things I found confusing
and lacking in clarity. I don't want us to go forward without having the
discernment between and among those three aspects of our Parks Master
Plan. I know there's a lot more effort that went into this than is in this
report. What I'm relying on is the Staff Report to give me that snapshot
that tells me the picture. The community survey on packet page 32, for
instance, when I'm looking at this, it just gives me a snapshot of what looks
to be questions about the built facilities. Gym-based sports, fitness classes,
yoga, zumba, clubs and classes organized around particular interests like
robotics and book clubs, fitness equipment, and those kinds of things. I
can't tell from this that it's only focused on built facilities or to what extent
it's focused on parks, but certainly not in open space. I just don't see that
differentiation. I don't see that grading or scaling in this. I didn't see a
summary of what Parks and Recreation Commission's input was. I won't go
on for a long time here. Some of these, I just think they're so critical for us
to have an understanding of how we're going forward, so we don't go down
a wrong path as we go forward. Packet page 34 under sustainability review,
it talks about drawing on best practices from other cities and agencies, the
site tour and inventory findings and Staff input. The sustainability review
evaluates the City's current policies, programs and practices and identifies
opportunities to increase sustainability across 13 indicators. It doesn't say
what those 13 indicators are. I found myself hungry for more, not needing
to go through 25 studies. I found myself wanting to know more about what
it is we're doing and what launch pad we're using to go forward. One other
things is, as Rob knows well, one of the Council Priorities is Healthy City
Healthy Community. I don't see any reference to that or any aspect of that
in this and what the relationship is between health and happiness. There
was one other thing I was going to mention quickly, if I can find it. Oh,
yeah. Under the principles, which I think need a fair amount of work yet,
but I also thought maybe you just add one or you collapse some so you
don't have as many of them. It seemed to me like accessible and inclusive
were essentially the same thing. I understand how they're differentiated,
but it seemed like they really were kind of the same thing. Those are kind of
my comments. No reference to habitat, ecosystems, education in any of the
principles. Like I say, I feel hungry for more about knowing where we're
going and the basis for where we're going.

                                                                         Page 20 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
