                          TRANSCRIPT
contract in three days." I was told that I had like five or ten minutes when I
prepared this. I have one more page.

Mayor Holman: I think, with the discretion of the Council, continue.

Ms. Thompson: I may continue?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Ms. Thompson: Thank you. As for the neighborhood Tiffany said, "A
neighborhood of Eichler custodians is rare and important in preserving a
piece of history and also because the Eichlers, like the Golden State
Warriors, have strength in numbers." That's Tiffany's words. "I strongly feel
that our home retains more value because of its location within a cluster of
untouched Eichlers in a neighborhood of stewards." Today I received a
similar statement from the other new buyer in our neighborhood, who also
has young children. I'm not going to read that one though. Every buyer in
the past five years in our neighborhood or more has been a family with
young children, seeking a neighborhood where people care for each other
and for their community. By now I hope it's clear that honoring the request
of the vast majority of homeowners and the work of the stewards of Eichler
neighborhoods such as ours and the others that are in the pipeline is not
only helping to protect an important aspect of Palo Alto history, but it is also
protecting a vibrant neighborhood sought after by a new generation of
buyers wanting and willing to pay a premium for these houses in these
communities where they can raise the next generation of Palo Altans. Thank
you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have no other cards on this item.

Public Hearing closed at 7:13 P.M.

Mayor Holman: If we could please, let's go three minutes, questions and
comments, and then we'll—you know what? On this one, let's just go three
minutes, questions, comments or motions. The first light I had was from
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of quick questions. There was some
discussion about—I'm not sure how to pronounce it—Torreya Court which is
adjacent to this one. Assuming this passes tonight, what are the options for
Torreya Court?

Ms. French: Torreya Court exceeds the number of two-story homes for
initiating a single-story overlay. They have not proceeded.


                                                                            Page 14 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
