                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We will get to that when we open Item Number 15, because
...

Council Member Berman: Curiosity was killing the cat.

Mayor Holman: ... I will be asking for Council Members' guidance and input
on how we go forward with that. We'll do that at that time.

Council Member Berman: I wasn't sure if it had been determined.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for the question. We have a vote on the floor to
transpose Items Number 14 and 15, so we'll reverse the order of those two.
All those in favor or opposed. That passes unanimously. Thank you,
colleagues.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

City Manager Comments

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mayor. Members of the
City Council, Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager, sitting in for City Manager
Jim Keene this evening. It's actually been a pretty busy week in Palo Alto,
though pretty much I'll say a typical week in Palo Alto. A few items to
provide updates on related to the Caltrain fence upgrades, winter storm
preparations specifically related to San Francisquito Creek, our Residential
Permit Parking. I believe the Mayor will cover one additional topic. Let me
cover this quickly. In terms of the Caltrain Rail Corridor work, this week the
community will begin seeing some of the vegetation removal and temporary
fence installation along Alma Street. This is part of our work with Caltrain to
limit physical access to the tracks. Anticipate that crews will start to work
on the north end at Palo Alto Avenue and work their way to the south.
There will be temporary fencing, as I noted, installed as the vegetation
removal occurs in order to ensure no gaps. As the Council knows, some
areas where there is a substandard fence that's being removed or no fencing
at all, so that we will maintain a perimeter in the work area until the
permanent 8-foot, welded wire fencing with the winglets are installed.
Please be advised that as this work, beginning this week, starts that
construction will be proceeding along the right-most lane in the southbound
direction on Alma Street. There will be temporary periods of lane closures
along that southbound lane.        It's expected that the construction, the
installation of the permanent fencing, will be completed by the end of
September. We were able to really put together an expedited scheduled
with Caltrain. The additional anti-climb winglet will follow during the month
of October, so that we will be able to complete the entire project over the
next roughly 60 days. We'll continue to post updates on the City's website.
                                                                        Page 38 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
