                          TRANSCRIPT
specific examples that are requested, that's fine. Let's do keep this on the
highest level of interpersonal relations and interactions. Hopefully we will all
learn and grow from this process. Who would care to start? Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I just wanted to say thank you to all the
Commission Members for lots of hard work, for not a lot of compensation
and unfortunately not always a lot of gratitude for the work that you do. I
certainly appreciate it. I know a lot of my colleagues and members of the
public do as well. Despite disagreements about process or about conclusions
or about particular policies or even particular projects, there's a deep
appreciation. I want to make sure that's directly noticed. I've had a couple
of conversations recently with a former Planning Commissioner from the
1990s who then later served on Council and served as Mayor. He shared
with me an interesting bit of context, which I think is useful for all of us to
consider. He said there were definitely times where something went from
the Planning Commission to the Council and Council sent it back to the
Planning Commission in the '90s, and said, "We want you on the Planning
Commission to take another look at this. We think you got it wrong
essentially. We want to make sure you give it another look." There were at
least a couple of times when Planning Commission sent it back to Council
and said, "We've thought about it. We stand by our original position. We
think we made the right call. We're just an advisory body. We don't set the
policy." I think that's an important, again, context to remember. I don't
always agree with everything that the Planning Commission decides, and
certainly there's disagreement among Planning Commissioners, and there's
often disagreement among Council Members about large-scale issues and
small-scale issues. I certainly enjoy when people, as I've said before, burst
my ideological bubble or my cognitive bubble, when they provide advice that
I hadn't considered previously. This really goes back to the question of
what's the purpose of having an advisory body. I don't think that we're just
looking for a body that says yes all the time. If we just wanted to hear
people repeat what we wanted to hear, we could just play back the
recordings of our Council meetings and listen to ourselves. I think it's
important that all of our Boards and Commissions, all of our advisory bodies
feel empowered to continue to do their best work, to make their best
reasoned judgments and offer their best opinions and advice to the Council,
to be clear about their reasoning and to let that stand and then also
understand that the Council may or may not agree. It's important for us on
the Council and the community to recognize that that's the role of a good
adviser. It's to sometimes tell you what you don't want to hear. It's
important for the advisers to know that sometimes the advice won't be
taken, but it's still appreciated.

                                                                            Page 47 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
