                         TRANSCRIPT
work out with the community. There's a whole wide spectrum of devices
that cities have used. The goal would be to create a separated bikeway that
had the feel of a protected path but was in the roadway. That would
minimize the cost significantly.

Council Member Scharff: What kinds of barriers are there? Normally, I've
seen little concrete things about this big wide, which separates the path.
What else would you (crosstalk)?

Mr. Mello: The spectrum kind of ranges from using parking with nothing
else. You could actually use the on-street parking as a barrier. The bike
lane would be between the on-street parking and the curb. Some cities use
plastic delineator posts, which are inexpensive, not as attractive as some of
the other treatments. A concrete curb is an option as well as planters.
Some cities use decorative planters that are placed within the buffer area.

Council Member Scharff: Is the street wide enough to have the parking and
the separated trail?

Mr. Mello: Not all of them. We've done kind of a "back of the envelope"
analysis of what could fit on each of these different corridors. Loma Verde
looks appealing to us. It looks like there's enough adequate width. Some of
the other roadways, it's a stretch to start to look at any kind of separation.

Council Member Scharff: Is the plan tonight, if we were to for instance go
with Number 3 and tell you to come back and do that, would you then come
back with more fully fleshed-out which one of these you would recommend?
Is that how that would work?

Mr. Mello: Yeah, Council could either give us direction to continue studying
the alternative alignments. If you wanted us to focus on one in particular,
that may be a wiser use of the remaining funds. We could probably come
back with a pretty good idea of how much it would cost, what it would look
like. We could do some additional public involvement. If you elected to
pursue one of those corridors, I think we could come back to you with a
pretty good plan on what it would look like, how much it would cost.

Council Member Scharff: I didn't read enough information in the Staff
Report to really know, unless I missed it somewhere, how to make the
choices between these. You indicated there are tradeoffs. Some of them
can keep parking, some of them can't, some of them are wider than other
streets. Do you have that information tonight that you think we could
choose one of these to tell you to focus on? I just wasn't quite clear.
(inaudible).

                                                                           Page 35 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
