                          TRANSCRIPT
some point. If both went to place it on the ballot, that is not a question that
I know the answer to. Let it be for the record that I tried to answer the
question. I simply don't know the answer to that

Council Member DuBois: Fifty billion in requests; we had 900 million.               I
think we were trying to be reasonable.

Mr. Guardino: By the way, I think you were. I think your grade separation
total was in the 580 range, wasn't it?

Council Member DuBois: That was part of it. I think there's some ...

James Keene, City Manager: No. We had 723 million on the grade seps, so
we had three locations there. I could just say one thing on this? The 909
isn't entirely accurate, because we had a number of projects that were also
sort of submitted.

Mr. Guardino: Expressways and highways.

Mr. Keene: Expressways. They look like they were moved to the VTA or to
the County funding.

Mr. Guardino: Or the County. If you noticed, I was accurate. There's an
asterisk on the slide that you see, that says just what Jim is—I'm sorry—Mr.
Keene is pointing out. For the 909 million that were uniquely yours, that
number was accurate.

Council Member DuBois: As I say, if you looked at it, most of that was
trenching money. We're starting to think we really want to transform the
Peninsula and Silicon Valley. It's not about incrementally building cost
effective grade crossings. I mean, we've done a little bit of studying. If we
can find a way to trench the tracks, it addresses a lot of the things you
brought up, longer trains, bigger platforms. The issue we have is that if we
work on the roads and we add clover leafs, we're going to be seizing homes.
It's a pretty untenable situation.

Mr. Guardino: It's about 120 homes, isn't it?

Council Member DuBois: It wasn't a lack of imagination; it's actually a big
vision to see if we could pull together multiple cities, perhaps Santa Clara
and San Mateo County for a portion of the Peninsula to be trenched in
Caltrain. I think all my colleagues have said it. We haven't seen a lot of
benefit from the previous two sales tax measures, so I think there's a
serious question of whether there's support for another sales tax. Hopefully
what you're hearing is we're going to be extremely aligned around Caltrain.

                                                                        Page 85 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
