                          TRANSCRIPT
supportable motion and a really good motion. Vote on the board please.
That motion passes unanimously on a 9-0 vote.             It is to adopt an
Ordinance, Chapter 4.62 to Title 4 of the Palo Alto Minimum Code, to
require the payment of a Citywide minimum wage to take effect on
January 1, 2016 and establish a base wage of $11 to commence on
January 1, 2016 and adopt a goal of raising the minimum wage to $15 by
2018 to coordinate and seek to create an aligned minimum wage with
surrounding cities and to refer to Policy and Services Committee additional
discussion of considerations of exceptions including but not limited to tipped
wait staff in restaurants and seasonal teenage employees, impacts and
enforcement to include evaluation of a process for these additional
discussions.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

8.    Approval of Response to Grand          Jury   Report   “A   Slow     Rising
      Emergency– Sea Level Rise.”

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Molly Stump, City
Attorney. Just very briefly an overview. The Civil Grand Jury is a County-
based group, a very ancient type of governmental procedure. They work
for the Santa Clara County Superior Court and convene annually to look at
the operations of city and county governments and look for operational
issues as well as other types of items to look at, audit and write reports.
The Grand Jury is divided into various committees. There were two
committees this year that issued reports that touched briefly on the City of
Palo Alto. We are required to have a public response that identifies our
position on each recommendation and finding. These are both relatively
minor, quite minor mentions of the City. No significant improvements
identified by the Grand Jury as being things for the Council to consider, but
rather just almost more informational in nature. There are two; they're
very quick. The Staff is before you with the draft responses. Thank you.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: This is Phil Bobel, Public
Works. In the interest of time, we're actually not going to go through with
the brief presentation we had in mind. If there's something that you see in
front of you that raises a question, we're here to answer it. Kirsten Struve
was going to give that presentation. You're going to see more of Kirsten as
time moves forward in this area. She's one of our bright new stars and is
very interested in this sea level rise issue. You're going to see more of
Kirsten on this. Tonight, we're going to ask her to hold still. I'll just say
two quick things about this. The only two real points we had on this Grand
Jury report were first and most important that they had recognized a need
to do more on sea level rise than in general government is now doing.

                                                                          Page 41 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
