                         TRANSCRIPT
same exact discussion. We have the same situation; we have more retirees
on medical than we have in active.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Council Member DuBois: Hopefully a couple of quick questions. These
charges, like on page 20, what happens in like the year 2026/2027, where
kind of regardless of investment strategy our contributions start to drop?

Mr. Perez: He prepared it, but my recollection of the discussion is that the
closing of the amortization period is the answer to that.

Council Member DuBois: The closing of what?

Mr. Perez: The 30-year amortization period closes. CalPERS used to have
an open amortization period. To put it in other terms and you may know
what it is, but just for somebody that's listening, it used to be an open
period. I call it the refinancing your house every year, your 30-year loan.
You're never really dealing with that; you're just starting over. That's what
we used to have with CalPERS. Now, they've said, "You're going to close it."
The purpose of the closing is it's intended to pay the unfunded liability with
everything being equal and assumptions coming through. Your payment
goes down significantly because you're only going to be paying for the active
employees. You would have paid for all the retirees that were unfunded.
We're looking at 20, Slide 20?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Basically they're saying every city in
California will have caught up by that year? Or just us or ...

Mr. Perez: This is just us. This is just the Miscellaneous by the way. The
Safety is the other.

Council Member DuBois: It's close on the other one, a couple of years later
maybe. Maybe you guys can just tell me, like when CalPERS has an
investment target, 7 1/2 percent or if they lower it, how do they actually
invest their money? Do they actually aim for that 7 1/2 and take less risky
investments if they're on course? Are they trying to maximize return?

Mr. Perez: We believe they try to maximize their returns. We haven't
reported that; I don't think we put it in the report. We got their rate of
return for the last fiscal year and it was 2.4, so it was nowhere near the 7
1/2. What we're hearing is that it's real estate driven, and then obviously
the equity markets and global ...



                                                                        Page 23 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/9/15
