                          TRANSCRIPT
If they were contributions that supported the Comprehensive Plan or human
service assessments or other City Council priorities, there could be on rare
occasions an opportunity to consider monetary contributions. The need for a
better enforcement tool was discussed, so the proposed Ordinance includes
a monitoring and enforcement schedule and program. The types of things
that you would see in that are issues that relate to the frequency of
inspections, establishing a funding mechanism, penalties for violations and
procedures to address lost or diminished benefits. This program would be
tailored to the specific project. The other item that I haven't talked about
yet is a change from the PC District as the district in and of itself to now
being an overlay district. This will be helpful where our review of past PC
Districts didn't include some of the other detailed zoning regulations that are
generally provided in the base district. By having this be an overlay, those
base districts would still apply where they were not in competition with the
PC District. The Planning and Transportation Commission also reviewed the
proposed PC reforms. They had a number of other changes that they were
suggesting be made, including the possibility to have the Comprehensive
Plan be amended concurrently with the PC District to allow a modest
increase to the 50-foot height limit. I believe it was somewhere around 4 or
6 feet above the 50-foot height limit to account for some architectural
design considerations. That density bonus projects also be eligible for PC
District overlays. This was Staff's recommendation to the Council, so these
recommendations are not presented in the draft Ordinance as we didn't feel
like they were representative of the Council's direction on the changes to
that Ordinance. Just briefly on the preliminary screening. This is currently a
voluntary process that exists in the Code. The proposal is to make it a
mandatory requirement for certain types of development projects that would
generate a policy discussion.       We would retain the existing voluntary
program for other projects that did not have major land use or policy
implications. Staff is recommending a conversation about the Ordinance
tonight. I guess "did we get it right" is the question. If you look at the
volume of emails that we received on the matter, I guess the answer might
not be yes. We are open to a continued dialog about the direction of the
effort. If we're heading in the right direction, it would be good to know that
and where we might need to make some refinements. If there's a change in
perspective and we're heading toward no, we'd certainly love to know that
as well as there's a mountain of other work that we can work on for the
Council and the community. We stand by to take that direction. I thought
we had a Commissioner representative.                 We have Commission
representation as well. I'll conclude my Staff Report. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We do have 12 public speakers. Why don't we do this, why
don't we hear from the public and then if our Planning Commission liaison
would care to make a couple of comments, that would be fine as well.
                                                                         Page 48 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
