                         TRANSCRIPT

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director: I
guess to the extent that the Council was considering a project that qualified
under the prescreening and that was an area of concern that you thought
needed to be evaluated as the project moved forward, it would be an
appropriate comment to articulate that. With any discretionary project, we
would evaluate projects to the standards that we have for traffic, growth
modeling. That would be the same for the project as it moves through post-
preliminary screening. If the question is does there need to be something
explicit in the ordinance to have a conversation about that, I would say no,
that's covered in the CEQA analysis when the project moves forward.

Ms. Stump: I guess what I would add to that is that, of course, when the
City does its CEQA analysis, it needs to take a consistent and evenhanded
approach.     However, this type of process actually provides a good
opportunity for more general comments and feedback and contextual
concerns from Council. I think it's worked well in that regard, just giving
applicants an opportunity to get a sense of the Council and what the
concerns are. Those types of concerns about how a project fits in its
environment and its context, I think, have been made effectively in that
process and do allow a developer to have an early indication of items where
the Council might be focusing in a more specific and concrete way when an
application comes back.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, before we go any further, we got a little
ahead of your Chair here. We do have one member of the public who wants
to speak to this item. We came up with a motion much more quickly. Herb
Borock, if you'd come. We have three minutes please.

Public Hearing opened at 7:59 P.M.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I oppose this proposal. You have
a letter from me at your places. Before getting into that, I'd like to start
with the memorandum you have from the City Attorney at places. One issue
is to exempt projects that have preliminary review before the Architectural
Review Board.     The purpose of the ordinance is to focus public and
environmental review of development projects on certain issues. However,
in recent years, the Attorney's Office has admonished the Architectural
Review Board that planning issues are not within their purview, that they're
just design issues on development. It's kind of strange, after having given
that kind of advice over the years to the Architectural Review Board, that
                                                                       Page 40 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
