                         TRANSCRIPT
a lot of conversation in the community lately. This is not an effort to make
policy or to decide whether basements are good or bad.               We have
basements that are allowed today in the Code. That floor area is exempt.
I'm talking in single-family homes that floor area is exempt. We have a
definition that says in the R-1 section that basements may not extend
beyond the footprint of the building or the building footprint. We have a
definition of what footprint is. What we want to do is add the words—clarify
that we're talking about the exterior walls of the building. Over time there
have been porches or recessed entries that basements have been allowed to
go under, and that's been fine. Even more recently, it's being stretched a
little bit more where we're seeing pop-outs on a portion of a building to take
advantage of a larger basement area.          Again, we're not making any
judgments about whether basements are good or bad or should be larger or
smaller. What we need is a clear set of standards so that we can tell
homeowners that this qualifies as a basement or this one does not qualify as
a basement. Right now the line's just too blurry, and we spend a lot of time
having conversations with architects and homeowners about where a
basement can go. The last one that I'll speak about in my presentation has
to do with the replacement of noncomplying features of single-family homes.
This one, I suspect, we may have a little more Q&A about. I know you got
the one letter from SILVAR and there may have been another letter coming
in from a local architect. This is probably one of the more controversial
items that we're addressing. Again, we're not trying to make any policy
statements here about how remodels take place. What we need and what
homeowners need and what architects and developers need is a clear set of
standards about what is and what is not a remodel. At some point, you
cross the line and you become new construction. Our policy or our Code has
been that if you're new construction, you need to comply with the Codes.
The typical situation that we have is you've got a nonconforming wall in a
side yard setback. The way our Code reads today is that if the repair and
replacement of that nonconforming wall is less than 50 percent of the total
reconstruction cost of making that comply with the Code, then you can keep
it. You can tear off the siding. You can replace the framing members. You
can keep it, and that's fine. More often than not, you're going to have that
scenario where that piece can probably stay because it's going to be less
than the 50 percent reconstruction cost. That's the way the Code is written
today. There is a policy that the City Staff has been applying to projects for
a number of years now which says if you have this noncomplying condition
and you remodel more than 25 percent, if you remove more than 25 percent
of your exterior walls, then you have to bring the project into compliance
with the Code. Sometimes that's gone up to 50 percent, so we've been
between 25 percent and 50 percent. The concern that I have, personally, is
that there's no guidance in the Code for that. That's not an interpretation.
That's adding Code language that's not there now. I'm very uncomfortable
                                                                       Page 35 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
