                          TRANSCRIPT
DanDan Yu: Good evening, Council Members. My name is DanDan Yu. I
live on Amarillo Avenue, three houses down from Greer. I'm actually one of
the smallest lots on that street or in the whole plan area. Me and my
husband, we moved in about two years ago. We actually got married while
we were living there. Now, as you can see, we're extending our family. The
first baby is coming in less than two month. Both me and my husband, we
were born in a single-child family. We know it's not ideal, so our plan is to
have at least two kids, three if we can afford. Also because we're from
single-child families, we have four parents to take care of between the two
of us. All of them are retiring in two to four years. Conservatively speaking,
we'll have two kids, two of us and at least two parents living under the same
roof in about three years. Right now, I have a 1,400-square-feet house.
The original design was only one bathroom. Imagine in three years this
living standard will be even below average in China. I definitely need an
upgrade for my house. Second, on the other side of Amarillo none of the
house, I mean none of the house is Eichler. They look totally different from
mine. Some of them are already two stories. If you want to be consistent
with the neighborhood, at least I will be consistent with the people I am
face-to-face with, not people on my backyard. The third thing is the other
side of Oregon Expressway, where almost all the houses are second stories,
there are Building Codes protecting about the privacy. They're all living
happily with that. I think our neighborhood could very good user of the
Building Codes and protect the privacy of other people's houses too when we
do so on the second story. Thank you very much for your time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our next speaker is Andrew Vainshtein, I think,
to be followed by Kiran Joshi.

Andrew Vainshtein: Thank you for your time. I'm Andrew Vainshtein, 1082
Metro Circle. I'm here to express my opposition to a single-story overlay. I
will try to be quick. I'll skip the personal reasons first; maybe I'll come back
to them later. First of all, I want to say that there's never been in the—I
looked at the history of the single-story overlays rezoning in the City. There
has never been such a greater diversions, the differences between houses,
between lots. We're talking about houses that are between 6,000 and
12,000 square feet, just on the Metro Circle. We're talking about 1,070 to
2,600 square feet. The houses have been rebuilt many, many times.
They're very different from each other. They have no common remodeling
constraints. We're talking about the Palo Alto Municipal Code. This Code
says that the houses have to have common home remodeling constraints.
They have uniform, similar neighborhood with clearly identified boundaries.
Now, two circles, if you look at the map, they're not a boundary. They're
not a neighborhood. There is no common street surrounding them. If you
remove the Greer—I fully support people who remove the Greer, who don't
                                                                           Page 115 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
