                             MINUTES
Ms. Nanda felt the only impediment was the Hearing Officer's decision for a
one bedroom home and the park owner accepted the Hearing Officer's
decision. That gave the park owner grounds to appeal the decision.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council had a de novo review of the
Hearing Officer's decision.

Ms. Nanda suggested he submit his question to the City Attorney. That did
not eliminate the park owner's right to appeal to a Superior Court under a
writ of mandamus.

Council Member Scharff inquired about possible grounds for an appeal.

Ms. Nanda would need to review the statute, but either they exceeded the
terms of the Ordinance or the reasonable costs of relocation. The residents
had benefited from the permitted additions, and the Hearing Officer
recognized that fact.

Council Member Scharff requested Ms. Aziz explain her understanding of the
35 mile radius.

Ms. Aziz reported the Residents Association expert drew a 35 mile radius.

Council Member Scharff asked why the expert drew a 35 mile radius and
how the radius related to the statute.

Ms. Aziz advised that the Ordinance stated the cost of physically relocating
the mobile home within 35 miles of the park. Another section of the
Ordinance limited the Relocation Impact Report to considering comparable
mobile home parks within 35 miles of the park.             The Ordinance
contemplated a comparable community within 35 miles of the park.

Council Member Scharff indicated the Ordinance seemed to be broken into
two parts. The first part pertained to residents whose mobile homes could
be relocated to a space in a comparable park. The second part pertained to
residents whose mobile homes could not be relocated to a space in a
comparable park. Based on the record and testimony, he understood no
mobile homes could be relocated. All residents were taking the lump-sum
payment.

Ms. Aziz stated the vast majority of residents would not be able to move
their homes.

Council Member Scharff believed the statute clearly applied only to moving a
mobile home from Park A to Park B within a 35 mile radius. Page 7, Number
2, of the Ordinance did not mention 35 miles. The definition section also did
                                                                        Page 7 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
