                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Greetings. I've just been conferring with Tom next
to me. Jasmina, if I get your name absolutely wrong, let me know. Do you
want to say something before I do this? If not, I'll read it and then you get
to comment on it. Okay?

Jasmina Bojic: That's fine, Liz.

Council Member Kniss read the Proclamation into the record.

Ms. Bojic: Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you so much, Liz, and
thank you to the Members of the Council. It's always a pleasure being a
part of the Palo Alto community for the 18 years and obviously being, I
think, one of those celebrating moments to connect Stanford and Palo Alto
and obviously East Palo Alto. There's just one small error, but you're correct
that it's from October 15th to 26th. There is, I think, October 16th to 26th
in one of those sentences.

Council Member Kniss: I noticed they were different, right.

Ms. Bojic: We'll correct that. Invite all the members of the community to
join us. For all those years, the celebration of the education of this
(inaudible) that they're bringing to our community is, I think, became our
treasure. Obviously, what's happening around the world, it's happening in
Palo Alto. We want to share this for 11 days. We are very happy. Before
we receive from our wonderful Mayor this fantastic Proclamation, I just
would like to show you the trailer for the film festival. If you can play that,
90 seconds, so you can see what is part of the festival. Thank you so much.

Mayor Holman: (inaudible)

Ms. Bojic: Thank you so much.

Mayor Holman: You're very welcome.

Ms. Bojic: Thank you so much again. We really greatly appreciate it. This
is actually for our (inaudible) and to share with all the members of the
(inaudible).

[Video shown]

Ms. Bojic: Thank you again. We hope to see you at the festival. I hope
actually to see also some of you as members of the panel. I'm particularly
thinking about that, joining us again for the panel about climate. Thank you
so much again. Liz, as well. Thank you, and to the Mayor as well.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Great night for the arts tonight.
                                                                        Page 19 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
