                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Do you want to (inaudible).

Council Member Burt: David, it would include that whole Number 2 under
the current self-mitigating projects language. Do you need me to read it?
Got it? You found it? Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, speak to your second?

Council Member Berman: I'm sorry. I just missed that last bit. That's not
reflected yet on the ...

Council Member Burt: He's going to add the transportation language that's
already in Section C. There are two parts to "C" as it's written.

Council Member Berman: Are you adding it as selection criteria or ...

Council Member Burt: I changed "1," didn't change Number 2. It was just
getting Number 2 in the Motion. (crosstalk)

Council Member Berman: (crosstalk) it back as a self-mitigating project?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, yeah.

Council Member Berman: I mean as an exemption.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. It should be—let's see.           And 2, provide
substantial transportation yada, yada, yada.

Council Member Berman: Sorry. Back under 18.85.203. I think that's spot
on. Given the late time of night, I won't elaborate too much. I think that's
exactly right. I think we want to incentivize these types of projects. I think
this does that. It really encourages developers to create projects that we
want to see in Palo Alto, that we think will really make our community better
and hopefully properly incentivizes them to do that.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to clear the lights so people can speak to this
amendment. I do have a question for the maker of the Motion. Isn't some
of this redundant to 18.85.207(b), for instance? I guess I'm not quite clear
on what's trying to be accomplished.

Council Member DuBois:      The maker of the amendment?            This is an
exemption. It's not under the cap at all.

Council Member Burt: Are you asking me what's (crosstalk)?

Mayor Holman: Yeah, yeah.

                                                                      Page 116 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
