                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yes, and I think that's what the context-based design
criteria is after, because it talks about the rhythm on the street. This is not
an easy process.

Mr. Popp: No, it's not. There's a lot of discussion to be had about rhythm
on the street versus rhythm up at the roofline and the pedestrian experience
versus the overall mass of the building, what you can really witness as a
pedestrian versus what you might witness as a bird flying in the air.

Council Member Burt: Randy, we have two choices before us that affect you
and your Board. Essentially we can take what's in "2" and be more
prescriptive and you'd have an answer to the question of exactly what we
want. Or we can give you something like in "D" to say we want greater
respect for these guidelines and return it to you for the discretion on how to
achieve that. You can't have it both ways.

Mayor Holman: While you're thinking about that, Council Member Berman,
you were wanting to see a printout. Are other Council Members wanting to
see a printout? We aren't complete with this, but it sounds like from Council
majority that it would be helpful.

Mr. Popp: Would you mind if I offered a suggestion for "D?"

Mayor Holman: Absolutely.

Mr. Popp: I might alter that to be "the design of rooflines, entries, setbacks,
mass and scale with context-based criteria." Just move the word "design" to
replace the word "consistency."

Council Member Burt: I'm okay with that. Under "D," replace the word
"consistency" with "design," and then we would eliminate Number 2 under
ARB.

Mr. Popp: Remove the word "design" at the end of "D."           That's helpful.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Apologies to everybody here, but It sounds like we need to
take a couple minute break here while we get some printouts for people to
look at.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, just a comment on Agenda Item
Number 12. I presume we're not going to take that up.

Mayor Holman: We continued it to Wednesday night.


                                                                       Page 92 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
