                          TRANSCRIPT
substitute Motion. I don't think it's worth amending at this point; I think it's
just a straight substitute Motion. We direct Staff to adopt a first-come-first-
serve process for selecting projects. I would also add that—I can speak to it
in a minute.

Mayor Holman: You'd need a second. Seeing none, the Motion ...

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it. That was the end of it?

Council Member Wolbach: That's it.

Mayor Holman: Seconded by Council Member Kniss.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Kniss to direct Staff to adopt a first come, first serve
process for selecting projects.

Council Member Wolbach: To speak to it, this actually kills a couple of birds
with one stone. This helps us deal with the pipeline projects. If you add
up—I want to check whether the correction we heard from Mr. Paul was
accurate, that the net new square footage for 3045 Park Boulevard was only
11,000.     If you add up those four projects, I think that, unless my
calculation is wrong, that's about 48,733 square feet. That would actually
be our first year. That would be this year or the coming year, whenever we
adopt the Ordinance. We'd have another year of the Ordinance. We'd have
up to 50,000 square feet in the following year. After that, we could figure
out if we want to do something more complex and start dealing with the
complexities of figuring out a scoring criteria. I think that this significantly
reduces the Staff time in putting this together. I think it makes it simpler
for everybody involved. I think it makes it simpler for the community to see
how we're going to be making decisions. It avoids any chance of favoritism
on the part of Council Members or the Council as a whole. I think it makes it
simple, clean, straightforward for a short two-year Ordinance, so we can get
a handle on pace of change and focus on, through this Ordinance, the
quantity rather than the quality, and focus on the Comp Plan and other
processes and to focus on improving our quality which I agree is important.
Especially since we are thinking of this Ordinance as an experiment, it's
important when you're crafting an experiment to not have too many
variables. Otherwise, you don't know which ones are working. I think this
would be an improvement.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: I would agree with much of what's just been said.
To go backwards with this, our original plan with this was should we limit
                                                                        Page 119 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
