                         TRANSCRIPT
is in alignment with Policies T-45, to provide sufficient parking to address
long-range needs, and T-47, protect residential areas from parking impacts
of nearby business districts. I propose to make University Avenue, Hamilton
Avenue and Lytton Street double-decker streets with diagonal parking along
each side at both the ground floor and the second floor, allowing easy access
to establishments regardless of their vertical location within a building.
Building a second story of roadways would also include eliminating the trees
from our Downtown and narrowing our sidewalks, which would make walking
from car to business even easier, reduce tree maintenance costs and add an
additional 50 percent to the number of available parking spaces. My
proposal would put our City on the map and not only as the City with the
most convenient parking in the Bay Area. Cities like Beijing and New Delhi,
which have seen a significant rise in their parking, have shown 7.3 and 7.4
percent levels of GDP growth compared to a paltry 3.8 percent here in the
U.S. Not only has this growth increased per capita income in these cities,
but the record-setting levels of air pollution generated by this growth over
the past few years has also gained them significant media attention.
Imagine what we could do with that added revenue and all that press
coverage. I can't think of any objection that could be raised against this
proposal, unless it might be that constructing such a system of freely
accessible parking might cost more than the City has in its budget. To that I
would simply suggest that increasing the speed limit to 35 miles per hour
could put this project squarely into the realm of Caltrans and, thereby,
qualify it for available State highway improvement funds.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I need to ask you to wrap up quickly.

Ms. Warheit: Please stop considering other suggestions like the ones we've
already heard this evening until and unless there is some glimmer of hope
that you might take them seriously. If someone has a better idea, I'd like to
hear it. Just keep in mind it will need to deal with 13,000 more people ...

Mayor Holman: You need to wrap up. I'm sorry.

Ms. Warheit:   ... and 17,000 more jobs within the next 20 years.         Thank
you.

Mayor Holman: Also, Adina Levin to be talking on Item Number 4, to be
followed by Herb Borock, who will be speaking on Item Number 10.

Adina Levin, speaking to Agenda Item Number 4: Good evening. Adina
Levin with Friends of Caltrain supporting sustainable transportation on the
Peninsula corridor from San Francisco through San Jose including here in
Palo Alto. Regarding the strategy to deal with parking and access to the
Downtown, a couple of years ago the City Council decided to pursue an "all
                                                                      Page 20 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
