                          TRANSCRIPT
about the new pillar signs at the stairwells. I'm hoping we're looking at
cleaning up those stairwell enclosures at the same time, because they're, I
won't even say how bad they are, but they're pretty darn bad. They're
littered with signs and postings. I know one of them is required, if we have
changes to City Council meetings and that sort of things, last minute ones.
Other than that, they're pretty awful. If we go to "c," that one is a little
more challenging. I look at slide 29, if we could put that up. I look at slide
29, and I like the look very much. It is a good look. At least in this building,
and we don't know about other garages, there's nothing in this building that
that graphic coordinates to that I’m aware of. It seems to me if we kept
"A," "B" and "C" and saved the money, we could add some very tasteful
information below the "A" and below the "B" and below the "C" that would
give the same messaging as what is on the proposed column designs. There
are other ways that we could, and more simplified and less expensive
means, give directionals to people, like where they are and what direction
they need to go to be outside, what direction they need to go to be on
Bryant, what direction they need to go to be on Ramona. We've come up
with a package, but it's much more complex than what we need to have.
It's a matter of priorities and expense. We have a lot of demands on our
parking dollars right now.

Mr. Eggleston: Mayor Holman, I just wanted to mention that when I
discussed the roughly $100,000 figure as being relevant to changing from
"A," "B" and "C," there are other signs beyond that for the garage that I
didn't include in that $100,000 figure, that helped to add some of the detail
and improve the direction finding.

Council Member DuBois: Since we split this into three Motions, just real
quick. I think everybody understands that most of the other changes would
be made. The elevators and floors would be numbered one up. If you saw
"1," "2," "3," "4," "5" and then you saw "A," "B," "C," it'd be pretty clear that
those were below ground, below the "1." For Motions "a" and "b", the signs
themselves if you look at the slides, "City Hall" and "Police" could be placed
on the building. A lot of the expense is the podium. A couple of things
about that. For the police, hopefully this is going to be a fairly temporary
sign; they'll be moving in a short number of years. Again, $17,000 to erect
that podium seemed excessive, and "Police" could be placed right on the
building. The same thing with "City Hall." The other thing is these two signs
require us to find that we need to have an exception to our Sign Ordinance.
Again, do we really need to do that? I just wanted to make those two points
on "a" and "b." I wanted to make sure everybody was looking at the right
images. If you look at slide 10, Mayor Holman just mentioned this. The
idea would be to add the words "City Hall" to this sign which is in front of the
building.
                                                                          Page 28 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
