                             MINUTES
Reed Kawahara, Kaiser Marston Associates, performed the economic analysis
of the proposed project. Under the State Density Bonus Law, a density
bonus was to be granted "by right" to developers who built a certain
percentage of residential units in a project as affordable housing. In
addition, the developer could request up to three incentives or concessions if
additional affordable units were provided. The State Density Bonus Law
stated that requested incentives or concessions shall be granted unless a
finding in writing could be made based upon substantial evidence that the
concession was not required in order to provide the affordable housing cost.
The State Density Bonus Law was not precise in defining substantial
evidence of affordable housing cost or requirements to demonstrate those
concessions were not required. Nonetheless, Kaiser Marston's analysis was
consistent with many other development review applications submitted
throughout the state. The site was approximately 27,000 square feet or 0.6
acres in size. Under CS Zoning, up to 50 percent lot coverage and 0.6 Floor
Area Ratio (FAR) for residential and 0.4 FAR for office/retail was allowed.
The proposed project requested lot coverage of 68.8 percent, residential FAR
of 0.53, and office and retail FAR of 0.8. The analysis defined two different
project alternatives. The first project alternative was the proposed project.
The second alternative was an alternative that could be built under CS
Zoning but which would maximize the financial return of the project. Kaiser
Marston first tested to determine whether the maximum building envelope
permitted under CS Zoning would generate the maximum return. Kaiser
Marston determined that a project slightly less than the maximum permitted
FAR would be an economic improvement. A total FAR of 1.0 triggered a
requirement for an underground parking garage, which was a very
expensive element of the project, and triggered a requirement for soil
remediation. Kaiser Marston concluded that the second alternative that
maximized return to the project would be a total FAR of 0.78, 0.4 FAR for
office/retail and 0.38 FAR for residential. Next, Kaiser Marston quantified
the affordable housing cost. The proposed project contained ten residential
units, three of which would be low-income.          To estimate the cost of
affordable housing, Kaiser Marston allocated to the affordable housing units
the total cost of the project on a pro rata basis based on square footage of
the project. Recognizing that the three affordable units would generate
income, Kaiser Marston calculated a $380,000 value to those units as an
offset to total cost. Deducting that value from the cost yielded a net
affordable housing cost of $1.85 million.         In order to estimate the
incremental value of requested concessions, Kaiser Marston analyzed the
development economics of the CS Zoning alternative compared with the
proposed project. Income and development costs from the project were
estimated, and the relationship between the two generated a return. Kaiser
Marston compared the returns for the two projects to estimate the
incremental value.
                                                                         Page 9 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
