                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I thought you said, in your comments I thought you said
that something like eight of the cities that we've been working with have—
that level is above a grade of 70.

Mr. Guardino: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Why do potholes rate so highly?

Mr. Guardino: First of all, 70 isn't 85 which is a really strong number, where
you're not spending much more money to repair. Neither is it even close to
100, so there are needs. I will tell you as a cyclist who commutes that way,
potholes aren't just an inconvenience. They're dangerous. If we can repair
them to a much higher standard, that is a good thing. That's why they're so
popular with residents as well.

Mayor Holman: Let me ask you a question then related to that. There's a
consideration in Sacramento—you can tell me if this would provide some
relief of funds or not—to put a higher registration fee on vehicles. Because
people aren't paying gas tax if they're using electric vehicles, so raise that
fee $100. For other vehicles raise it $35. Would that free up money to do
road repairs that wouldn't be needed to be expended from this measure?

Mr. Guardino: It would, but the measure died.

Mayor Holman: It already did die?

Mr. Guardino: Yes, it did.

Mayor Holman: I hadn't heard that.

Mr. Guardino:      Unfortunately, it did.  At the California Transportation
Commission through legislation that was passed, 1077, two years ago, we
actually have a road charge task force that's meeting all year to report back
to the Legislature by January, what do we do to replace the gas tax. It is a
diminishing source of revenue, which is a good thing in many of our eyes.
You still have to have some way to do transportation improvements. We’re
trying to look at that right now through hearings throughout the state. That
includes for those of us who drive much more fuel efficient cars or no fuel
cars, how do we contribute. That's what we're looking at now. The bill
you're referencing sadly, when the Legislature adjourned at midnight last
Friday night for the year, one of the casualties of this first year of the
session was any new transportation funding.

Mayor Holman: Jim.


                                                                       Page 88 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
