                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. This is kind of an
overarching comment that will apply to the other elements that we'll discuss
also, but I'll just get out of the way with this. Transportation is a really
tricky thing. It's a tricky thing for cities themselves to have a big impact on.
It's been mentioned a lot about how we could stop all growth in Palo Alto
completely, 100 percent moratorium on anything, and transportation will still
increase in Palo Alto, because we're part of a surrounding region. It's so
important for there to be more networking and regional connectivity when
dealing with transportation issues. We have a really unique opportunity to
have that conversation with our surrounding cities. Thanks to the Mayor
from Mountain View and his colleague, who I think might have wised up and
taken off. It's really long overdue that we start having those conversations
and start leveraging the power of the whole that we have with the cities that
have similar interests. I do the reverse commute every day, down 101, 85,
280, to work at Meridian and 280. I've felt terrible every day for the fact
that I have no traffic, and everybody else coming north is just in bumper-to-
bumper.     It's the reverse when I go home.             When we saw in the
conversation we had earlier today with the survey results how important it is
for us to be taking into account not just what's happening in our city, but
where our workers are coming from and how we can make it easier for them
to take mass transit which will get them out of single occupancy vehicles
which will make our life better. This is the first step towards that. I think
we are lucky. It's been mentioned earlier. This is a probably once in a 20-
year opportunity, because the last half cent increase passed in 2000 but
kicked in in 2006 and will last until 2036. If this passes, it'll last until 2045
or later. We really need to make sure that we take advantage of this
opportunity and the time we have before the election late next year to band
together as cities and really try to come up with a more regional approach to
transportation in Santa Clara County. I think it's fantastic. I'll try not to
repeat those comments later on. I'm glad that this is happening. I support
it wholeheartedly.

Mayor Holman: I should point out that Mayor McAlister has shown the
wisdom to stay. Also, I want to point out that this letter makes no reference
to a ballot measure. That's intentional and specifically intentional. The
focus really is on the study and systems approaches. Just so we're clear on
that.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to comment on the letter here, which I
support. I think the letter's a good letter. It calls for the right perspective,
which is an integrated system view of transportation needs in the whole
region. This is a summary of the 2004 San Mateo County tax measure
                                                                         Page 76 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
