                         TRANSCRIPT
first envisioned in the 1998 Comprehensive Plan, and then emphasized by
the Tree Task Force. Progress began in earnest about seven years ago. We
have been working diligently with the community to synthesize a number of
different opinions into the document that you see before you. We went to
the Planning and Transportation Commission and Parks and Recreation
Commission last year. During that time, we have completed the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) review process to bring forth at this time
the proposed Negative Declaration of Environmental Impacts as well as a
recommendation to adopt the Urban Forest Master Plan. A brief overview
about what's in the Plan. First, it's a document that describes and analyzes
existing conditions. What do we have now? Where have we come from?
How is it functioning? It also has information about trees as an entire
ecosystem. Information about challenges that we face and information
about roles, not only within the City but also roles of our business
community and our private citizens in caring for the urban forest as a whole.
Another important component about the Master Plan is that this is a plan
compiled from opinions of the community. The City in conjunction with
Canopy conducted a survey and received over 600 responses from
participants. From there, we described hot topics. We described a lot of the
issues and were busy in developing actions to address those issues. We've
also made presentations not only to Boards and Commissions, but to groups
such as the Canopy Board of Directors, to some of our local conservation
groups, to CAL FIRE, and there's been presentation to the Utilities Advisory
Commission. We've had a broad array of input into this document. I do
want to call to your attention that in a number of the forthcoming slides,
there will be yellow sticky notes on some of the graphics symbolizing actual
comments from the community surveys that were conducted. The third
primary objective of the Master Plan was to provide a roadmap or an action
plan of how we move forward. First, we described current conditions.
Second, we engaged the community to understand what was important, and
then third compiled that into action. It's important to emphasize that even
though this Plan represents a broad synthesis of many opinions, without
adoption we continue talking about issues. We don't take action to address
how to move forward and make progress and improve conditions. That's a
really important point to emphasize at this juncture. One of the very
important aspects that came out of the description was that there's a
number of benefits of the urban forest. Some of them we're able to model
and assign monetary value to, but there's some that are extremely valuable
to the community that cannot be monetized. We cannot estimate a value.
Things such as wildlife habitat are a non-measurable value that a number of
residents in our community view as very important. We do identify things
associated with wildlife habitat, such as bird watching and mental health,
social well-being that are important aspects that cannot necessarily be
estimated in monetary terms. The sticky note on this picture of the
                                                                        Page 67 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
