                         TRANSCRIPT
for a second.      I'll move that we add to the Motion—let's see—an
informational report on office/R&D applications outside of the boundaries.

Mayor Holman: What I'm trying to get at is efficiency. If we have an
information report and we want to do something, then we've got two steps.
I'm just trying to make it efficient.

Council Member Scharff: It may be completely inefficient to do that way,
because then we feel like we have to take an action. Whereas, if we just
(crosstalk) information report ...

Mayor Holman: An action can be no action.

Council Member Scharff: Then we have to agendize and discuss it, which
takes hours. It's much more efficient to have an information report and the
(crosstalk).

Mayor Holman:    So does Council Member Berman, before you, Pat.             I'm
sorry.

Council Member Berman: I mean, I was going to say exactly what Council
Member Scharff said. I guess if that's not accepted, then I'll second his
amendment. I'm not sure where we are at in that process right now.
Maybe I'll ...

Mayor Holman: If you second his amendment, that's where we are.

Council Member Scharff: When do we get to speak to it?

Council Member Burt: I'll second the amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman just did.

Council Member Berman: I'll let Council Member Burt second it, happily.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved,
seconded by Council Member Burt to add to the Motion, “to direct Staff to
return within one year with an informational report on Office/R&D
development applications outside of the boundaries.”

Council Member Burt: I'll just say that an informational report is not going
to be two actions by the Council. It would be information provided by Staff.

Female: (inaudible) two steps, two steps to (inaudible).



                                                                     Page 96 of 133
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/21/15
