                          TRANSCRIPT
Athenian Democracy, at what point in time do you have 300 people all trying
to speak to a subject and voting on each thing? Then we've got the other
extreme that Council Member Filseth was saying that even this might be too
rigid. This is a public transparent process that's being proposed here. We
shouldn't forget that we've all talked about our allegiance to transparency.
Having an open, public meeting is an important part of fulfilling that
commitment to transparency. At the same time, having two different layers
to this, where we have the open meetings and the open source process that
feeds into this, is the right balance between these two different approaches.
Everybody who wants to participate can have a significant voice. In reality,
you can't work effectively on products in a massive group. There are
tradeoffs and compromise. This is a good balance.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach and Vice Mayor Schmid both want
to speak to this. Then let's vote.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of questions. If it's all right for me to
ask a question of Council Member DuBois? You were on the Housing
Element Committee last year, correct? The fact that it was not a Brown
Acted organization, how restrictive did you find that? Sorry, how liberating
was that? Would it have been restrictive to ...

Council Member DuBois:      We were told to act as if it was a Brown Act
committee.

Council Member Wolbach: It didn't make a big difference. Like Council
Member Filseth, I was also leaning towards not having any motion. The
transparency is useful, and if it doesn't make that big a practical difference,
then it's useful to have some level of Council input. However, the question
of timing is also important. When this comes back to Council for approval,
can it go on the Consent Calendar? I'm not asking necessarily will it.

Ms. Stump: What can go on Consent Calendar is a completed action that
just requires you to say aye.        If you need to define categories of
stakeholders or appoint individuals, that is not a Consent Item. That's an
Action Item.

Council Member Wolbach: My hope, at least, is that when this does come
back, Staff will have looked at the prior examples, SOFA, the previous CPAC,
will have a proposal in the Staff Report. It'll be on Consent. If we don't like
it, we can pull it. I'm leaning towards supporting it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm a little confused. When we came in tonight, you
presented a chart of the flow, starting with the Summit. The Summit was
open to anyone there, and anyone at the Summit could then sign up for
                                                                          Page 49 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
