                          TRANSCRIPT
square foot units. That's a thought. I liked Cory's idea actually, where'd
you flesh out the notion only of it was rental units, because I don't think you
could do it as for-sale and not allow people to have cars. I mean, it would
be interesting to see how you could basically create something like that.
Then you wouldn't have the cost of underground parking, if people actually
didn't have cars. I don't know how you enforce that. You could enforce it
maybe in a lease agreement, in a private lease agreement. That could be a
condition of approval. The other thing that's really important to me in this
though—I don't view it as a benefit necessarily; I view it as a mitigation—is
the right-hand turn on El Camino. I mean, this is one of the worst. Any
zoning away from a PF zoning, to get my vote would require that we do a
right-hand turn there. I was a little confused, and maybe someone can
answer. In the Staff Report, they had the widening of Page Mill Road at
281-350 and the land dedication at 121-820. I think it was the applicant's
proposal, whatever, it put down 2 million-something for—I'm not sure if they
were including other things more than that or whatever. There was this
huge difference. It's 28.6. Maybe if I could just have one second, and
someone could explain to me what that difference was.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. We can definitely look
at that if there's an interest in proceeding with a residential rezoning as it
sounds like a majority of the Council is going in that direction. I'll have to
look at the sets of numbers and explain that further. I did want to make one
correction for the record. Russ has looked up the RM-40 district, and it does
permit commercial uses with a use permit. There is a way to get some
ground-floor retail.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We have Council Member DuBois yet, but if I could just
interject here. I had submitted some questions about our latitude here.
Pardon me for going before you, but it might inform your comments. We
could do a CS or a CN. Because it's a discretionary action that we're taking,
we could also make some changes to the zoning. Correct? We could have
CS—I'll just use that as an example since it's one of the examples here—that
allowed 40 units to the acre as opposed to 30. Is that correct? We could
have CN that requires ground-floor retail or CS that requires ground-floor
retail, could we not?

Ms. Silver: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. You
could. The question is in what context. Certainly you could do that as part
of a PC. I don't imagine that you would want to do that from a policy
matter.     You also could amend your Zoning Code to create a zone
specifically for this parcel. That could be construed as spot zoning. I think

                                                                        Page 60 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
