                         TRANSCRIPT
$9.54 million. Again deducting the incremental development costs of $8.3
arrives at a net value increment with that approach at $1.24 million.
Utilizing the various approaches that I just described, the affordable housing
or BMR cost is estimated between $1.51 million to $3.26 million. The
incremental value from the three requested concessions is estimated at
$0.56 million to $1.24 million. On the basis of the fact that the BMR costs
exceed the incremental value in each case, we have come to the conclusion
that all three of the off-menu concessions being requested are needed to
address the affordable housing costs.

Mayor Holman: We have the applicant, who gets to make a presentation. I
don't know who's going to be representing the applicant. Applicant will have
ten minutes to make your presentation.

Public Hearing opened at 10:46 P.M.

Alena Campagna, Stoeker and Northway Architects: Good evening Madam
Mayor and Honorable Council Members.           I am Alena Campagna, John
Northway's partner at Stoeker Northway Architects. He unfortunately had a
scheduled vacation and could not be here this evening. We truly listened to
the concerns that you expressed at our first meeting on January 26th. This
revised project represents our best efforts to address those concerns. Since
you're very familiar with the project, I'm going to limit my presentation to
what has changed since you last saw it. This is the existing site. Just a
quick reminder of what the existing site is, four rundown houses between
Kelly-Moore and the animal doctors. Here's our rendering. The building still
looks exactly the same from the front. We revised the composition of
spaces and uses inside the building. The biggest change is that we added
three units of residential to the rear of the second floor. Here are the
specific changes per your request. You were in favor of retail, so we
reduced the office and increased the retail space by over 400 square feet.
You wanted less office, so we decreased the office tenant space by almost
3,700 square feet. You wanted more residential, so we reduced the office
and increased the residential FAR by over 2,100 square feet to the maximum
allowed by Palo Alto zoning. We added six residential units, increased from
ten to sixteen total rental units. We did this by removing all three-bedroom
units, which added three units on the third floor, and by replacing office
space with three units on the second floor. We now have one studio, five
one-bed and ten two-bed units. We also added two affordable housing
units. We now have a total of five affordable housing units. They are two
one-bed units and three two-bed units. All of these changes decreased the
building size by 270 square feet. We also added six more bike lockers for a
total of 52 overall bike spaces. Parking. Because the office space was
reduced, the peak parking demand went down to 75 spaces and the
                                                                      Page 111 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
