                          TRANSCRIPT
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor
Holman to move forward with Agenda Item Number 25- Review and Accept
the Public Safety Building Site… and reevaluate taking up Agenda Item
Number 26 - Next Steps for the Highway 101 Pedestrian/Bicycle Overpass …
later in the evening.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to speak to your Motion? Is there any reason
to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Burt: No.

Mayor Holman: Nor I. Council Member DuBois, you have your light on.

Council Member DuBois: I was going to suggest two things. We show by
hands how many people are here for each project, and we potentially do the
bike instead of the police project.

Mayor Holman: We have a consultant here. We know that we're—for the
Public Safety Building. Council Member Scharff, you also have your light on.

Council Member Scharff: I do. I'm actually fine with Pat's suggestion of
seeing how it goes and trying to get through it. I actually don't believe we'll
get through it. I don't think the Public Safety Building will be that quickly. I
actually just wanted to ask aren't the people from the architectural firm
here? I'd hate for them to stay an hour and a half.

Mayor Holman: Yes, that's what I'd mentioned earlier.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I sort of want to get their sense if they'd
rather do it that way or if they'd rather come back when they know we're
going to do it. If they want to come back, I'd probably push to move it. If
they're happy to sit here for it, I'm happy to see how it goes.

Mayor Holman: You want to come—please come back to the ...

Gary Antonucci, Moffatt & Nichol: Good evening, members of the Council.
I'm Gary Antonucci with Moffatt Nichol, the project manager of the design
team. We're fine with coming back in January to discuss that item with you.

Mr. Shikada: I would note, if I might, Mayor, for the Council's benefit that I
think it's fair to acknowledge that the Moffatt Nichol team's proposal is to
avoid an RFP process which is the Staff recommendation. It's a bit of a
dilemma in that delaying effectively serves their interest as opposed to the
Staff recommendation.


                                                                        Page 82 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
