                         TRANSCRIPT
have 1,500, 1,300? I don't think we really know. It'd be a useful thing to
track. I would ask that we consider doing that for next year's budget
process.

Mr. Keene: I agree that that request has been there. We've been talking
about it at the Staff level. We'll probably need to come back to Finance or
Policy and Services for a little bit more guidance as we start to refine it.
Obviously there will be a range of different kinds of consultants. There will
be consultant dollars, and some of them may be some very specific, narrow
projects. We may actually have consultants who work a full year doing a
substitute job versus somebody who comes in for a month to do something.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to get that out there. I'm clear now, but
it seemed a little inconsistent at first. There was talk about the Code
Enforcement Officer and three positions. I want to clarify it's three total
including that Code Enforcement position.

Mr. Keene: There are three total, yes, including the Code Enforcement
position, yes.

Council Member DuBois:        There     was   discussion   about      Recreation
Superintendent. Was that put back?

Mr. Keene: That remains still within the budget as proposed, yes.

Council Member DuBois: The Senior Technologist is in the memo as cut.
There was a lot of discussion in the document about it being a transfer from
Police to IT. Is that the same position and is it really a cut or is it just
moving it from one budget to another budget?

Mr. Keene: First of all, the position request did not exist before this year's
budget. It was a request for a new position. The Finance Committee had a
fair amount of discussion around this, including our recommendations that if
the position was going to be added, it would not be added to the Public
Safety Department directly but be added to the IT Department to exclusively
serve Public Safety. This recommendation, however, in the spirit of trying to
not commit to adding a new full-time, fully benefited position suggests
instead that we put contracting dollars together to begin to enhance our
ability in that area, but also allow us to do a deeper review of what we need
to do. Next year, we could be in a better position to say, one, do we need
this service; two, is it adequately provided by contracting out and keeping
down those additional costs; or three, do we have a good case for
reconsidering the assignment of the position in a full-time.


                                                                          Page 39 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
