                          TRANSCRIPT
the 21st Annual California Avenue Trick or Treat Blossom Carnival which is
this Sunday, October 25th, between 10:00 and 2:00 on California Avenue
between Birch and Park. The event is free and perfect for the 0-12 year
olds. Outside City Hall, you may have noticed the new temporary art
installation, Rondo I, in front of City Hall that is part of our Public Art
Program to provide diverse ongoing temporary art installations. The public
is invited to an opening celebration for the sculpture on the plaza on
Thursday, October 29th, at 5:30 p.m.             Come meet world-renowned
sculpturist Bruce Beasley, creator of Rondo I. Enjoy live music and learn
more about the artwork that will remain there until September. You can
always      find   out   more     information     about   the     program     at
cityofpaloalto.org/publicart. Teen events around town. ClickPA which is an
app, the one-stop site for teen events. ClickPA, you may recall, was one of
the winning apps in the City-sponsored app development challenge a couple
of years ago. ClickPA is having a monthly themed photography contest with
this month's theme of Halloween. Teens are encouraged to submit photos
that convey the spirit of Halloween and entries can be submitted online at
clickpa.org/contest. Students United Against Cancer is hosting a kick off on
Monday, October 26th, from 6:00 to 7:00 p.m. at the Mitchell Park Teen
Center and encourages teens to join this group that focuses on raising
awareness of cancer throughout our community. Lastly, Repair Café Palo
Alto sponsored by our Zero Waste team. To the public, you can bring your
broken stuff and team up with repair volunteers to get it working again at
the Repair Café Palo Alto on this Sunday, October 25th to 11:00 to 3:00 at
the Museum of American Heritage at 351 Homer Avenue. Don't toss it in the
landfill; don't go shopping; repair it; reuse it. You can bring clothing, bikes,
computers, small appliances, lamps, mechanical items, small furniture,
jewelry, whatever you can carry. Learn valuable fixing skills, how to
diagnose problems, etc., or just watch repair volunteers as they do their
magic. You can find out more at repaircafe-paloalto.org. That's all I have to
report. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. I believe the person who started
Repair Café is being honored this Sunday. Anybody who wants to come
honor him, please join us.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman:      Now we go to Oral Communications. We have four
speakers. First speaker is Bob Moss, to be followed by Elaine Breeze.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Periodically
for the last 30 years, Cypress Lane has popped up and become an issue. If
you're not familiar with it, it's a very narrow street, 20 or 25 feet wide, that

                                                                        Page 44 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
