                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman added that the Council would review the boundaries and the
uses.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council would review the boundaries for
Downtown.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes, boundaries and uses.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the pipeline project for Cambridge
Avenue had been presented to the ARB.

Ms. Gitelman would not consider the project as having a pending entitlement
application.

Council Member Scharff wanted to stop that project from building office
space on the ground floor.

Ms. French indicated the building had contained personal service uses.       It
was mostly office.

Council Member Scharff requested language that would prevent that project
from building office space on the ground floor. He wanted to place the GF
and Retail (R) overlay on Cambridge Avenue.

Mayor Holman noted the Council had directed Staff to return with California
Avenue on May 18, 2015. She wished to ensure the Motion did not delay
that date. She asked if the Council could discuss boundary expansion during
the California Avenue Agenda Item scheduled for May 18.

Ms. Gitelman expected to discuss the Council's desires for boundaries and
uses in that district. Staff would not be prepared to enact a prohibition that
prevented people from developing their property in conformance with
existing zoning. It would require time to enact permanent controls.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff could prepare an ordinance
to extend the Retail ® Combining District to Cambridge Avenue for the May
18 meeting.

Ms. Gitelman had prior direction from the Council to focus on California
Avenue and to return to the Council for further direction before preparing an
ordinance. Staff could attempt to draft an ordinance prior to May 18, 2015,
but it might not be thoughtful or consistent with prior Council direction.
Staff intended to present a summary of community input, to discuss the
concepts, and to seek Council direction prior to crafting an ordinance.



04/06/2015                                                             117- 196
