                          TRANSCRIPT
they don't seem to be within the residential community. I think at this
point, most voters in Palo Alto see them as loophole bombs that are more
trouble than they're worth. I think that Council Member Burt's concept of
finding other ways of getting what we want potentially through an ad hoc
committee or something like that is a very good one. I think the baggage of
PCs is going to be a distraction to that process. If anything, it'll hold us back
and constrain us as we try to find other ways to get the things that we want.
Affordable housing is clearly one of the main topics here. I think we should
kill them and focus on finding out how to get what we really want for the
community. If in the future the result of that is some future Council decides
that actually PCs are a good way to do it, they can always be brought back.
I think as long as we're sort of thinking through the filter of PCs, it's going to
limit our ability to go after what we really want. I would favor getting rid of
them and starting over.

Mayor Holman: Thank you to colleagues for their comments. I'm going to
be consistent in my comments that I've said all along. I'm not in favor of
eliminating PCs. I think we have some systemic issues that we need to deal
with. The systemic issues are not specific to PCs. If we can look towards
correcting those systemic issues, if we can look towards correcting those
systemic issues, then we don't have the issues with PCs that we've seen in
the past. Whether it's enforcement or whether it's excesses or whether it is
flawed process, those apply to not just PCs. They apply to pretty much a
broad spectrum of planning projects. I don't need to go down a list of what
those are. I look forward to when Staff's coming to us in the near future—I
believe October—with a list of things that should help rectify a lot of what
has been wrong and just too subject to interpretation and mooshy rules and
mooshy interpretations. What Staff is bringing forward is Code cleanup,
clarification of interpretations, closing some loopholes, those kinds of things
that will actually, in my mind, and hopefully will eventuate in better projects.
I believe that there have been some very beneficial projects in this
community that have been PCs. Many of those have been affordable
housing projects. I don't think 801 Alma, I don't know specifically but I
don't think, could be built now just from density bonus laws, because that
was built when the barn door was wide open on density bonuses. Since
then, we have put parameters around those and put constraints on density
bonuses for what we really want them to do and not do and be able to do
and not be able to do. There's that. There are also a few other things I
think we can do that make PCs a lot more attractive and appealing and
transparent to the public. Something I've advocated before is the City
should initiate PCs if there's something that we need. If it's an infrastructure
matter or a community need, then the City Council should initiate a PC and
identify what we want, have a preliminary hearing with the public, find out if
the community also wants whatever it is that we're proposing, and perhaps
                                                                            Page 67 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/24/15
