                          TRANSCRIPT
the 28th was, I would say, a significant departure from that prior direction,
obviously driven by a sense of opportunities, concern about opportunities
that could even be lost if we didn't sort of add these additional directives.
We're in a very interesting moment right now of just trying to get really
clear about what those are and how we quickly proceed and get those
answers to it. I would hope by the time we're done with this item, where we
started out will be noticeably clearer and all on the same page. I would
imagine that there will be some changes of a sort to the directives that
you've already given us by the end of tonight. Some of these things will be
fine tuned or adjusted in some way. Thanks.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you very much.        Did you have anything else,
Jonathan?

Mr. Reichental: I don't. Thank you so much.

Mayor Holman: Great. We have a few speakers to speak to this item.
You'll have up to three minutes. What I'd like to suggest, if you could do it
in two and you'll know when you've come to two minutes because the yellow
light will come on. If you can do it in two, that would be great. It's one of
those evenings where we're very fortunate how involved and engaged this
community is, and it's an evening where we've had a great number of
people who have shown up to speak to a lot of the items this evening.
Thank you all for coming. That's no disrespect to that; it's just we have a
full agenda. With that, our first speaker is Robert Smith, to be followed by
Jeff Hoel.

Robert Smith: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I'm afraid I'm going to
have to say something rather different than what I've prepared based on the
excellent presentation from the City Staff. My basic message was that I see
no reason for the City of Palo Alto to expend any funds or any control or
ownership to build or operate municipal fiber. That was the argument I was
going to make and some specific reasons to that. I would presume with
Google and AT&T moving forward apparently that you would be less inclined
to do any of those things than you otherwise might have been. Please let's
keep that in mind. As far as the specific proposals, I'm only learning a little
bit about this dig-once rule, and I'm beginning to be a bit nervous about it.
It sounds excellent to say, "Let's not tear up the streets over and over
again." We've all seen this happen. It's a tragedy; it's stupid. If that rule
were used to alter or manipulate the competitive landscape, I think that
would be a mistake. We want competition here. We want different vendors
coming in and trying to satisfy us. I think that's what we're looking to have.
I hope that's great. I just would like you to make things continue in that
competitive way and not become too interested in too much control or

                                                                           Page 86 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
