                         TRANSCRIPT
special education teacher also at Gunn High School in Palo Alto Unified. It's
my seventh year of teaching and my first year in Palo Alto Unified. I
recently relocated from the Washington, DC, area, another incredibly
expensive housing market. I was shocked to find that I would be looking at
rents between $2,000 and $2,500 for apartment shares in Palo Alto. As a
young teacher, living in the community I serve would mean undertaking an
unreasonable financial burden, let alone even dreaming of one day being
able to afford purchasing property in Palo Alto. As a result, I've chosen to
live outside of Palo Alto which makes me feel less connected to the
community I serve. Being able to live in Palo Alto would allow me to become
involved in my community, events at school. It would allow me to be an
authentic member of the community where I've chosen to build my career.
I urge the City Council to explore not only short-term but long-term
affordable housing options for public servants like myself, individuals who
want to play a greater role in the future of this community, but simply
cannot afford to do so. When exploring the 15-year plan, I hope we are
factored into your decision-making. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Justine Burt to be followed by Jeanette Tucker.

Justine Burt: Over the past few days, I've put together eight slides very
carefully, and I timed it for three minutes. I hope you can see the slides
while I share what I wanted to say. Thank you, Mayor Holman and City
Council Members. Thank you so much. My name's Justine Burt. I moved
here with my husband and son a year and a half ago from Fremont. We love
it here, but we're renting. We have a house in Fremont, but we would love
to be able to buy here. What I want to share with you tonight are two
changes I would love to see you guys make to support moderate income
housing in Palo Alto. I do sustainability consulting, so I'm very aware of
green modular prefab housing. The next three slides are three companies
that make green modular prefab housing, where they assemble the pieces,
they construct the pieces at the manufacturing site, and then bring them to
the site and construct them within a few weeks. Not a year to construct, but
a few weeks to construct. LivingHomes in Los Angeles is doing the Atwater
Village which is six units. Method Homes is another company. Here's one of
their units in Seattle. Again, net zero energy or LEED, these are all green
modular prefab housing. Here's a picture of that same unit from the front.
Obviously, this involves more density; it involves developing up instead of
just sprawling out. This is Stillwater Dwellings. What you see here is a
single-family unit.    Stillwater makes multifamily as well. The CEO of
Stillwater worked for many years at Stannard Architects designing
multifamily units, so he's just waiting for the opportunity to do multifamily.
The solutions I wanted to share with you are going to reduce costs for
families to buy, design and build. This is really in support of the sharing
                                                                       Page 35 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
