                          TRANSCRIPT
existing Code language speaks for itself. In talking about amending it at this
point, we should just let the existing project at 429 University go on. The
three items in my letter. The first on packet pages 261 and 264 are
interpretation of Comprehensive Plan and Zoning Code. I believe it's the
City Council as the legislative body that has the power to interpret, and it
should not delegate it to Staff. Therefore, Staff should simply make its
recommendation to the Council and make that public in an agenda packet
with adequate notice to the public on an agenda item for the Council's
decision. In regard to the CEQA appeals process, packet page 284, first
Staff misstates what the current practice is. It is the City Council rather
than the City Staff or Director who makes all determinations on
Environmental Impact Reports. It is the City Council and not the Staff that
currently makes all determinations on planning and zoning issues including
Comprehensive Plan amendments, Zoning Map amendments and zoning text
amendments.         It's simply not true to say that this is implementing
something that's already going on by City Staff. In regard to this process,
it's unclear whether Staff is asking for two appeals processes, one for the
environmental review and one for the project itself. In fact, the California
Environmental Quality Act encourages having the project and the
environmental review occur at the same time in the same public hearings.
It's not clear, if you follow Staff's proposal, there will be any public hearings
on the environmental review if Staff has this process. You should essentially
reject that proposal. In regard to the deletion of language from the PTOD
district, the PTOD housing density bonuses in the site development
regulations were written taking into regard the State Density Bonus Law.
Based on court decisions, the State Density Bonus Law, if you delete that
language, would increase the density in the PTOD by adding both the PTOD
density plus the State housing Density Bonus Law. Some of you may want
to increase housing density in that area of town. The way to do it is to have
separate public hearings on a zone change before the Planning and
Transportation Commission and the Council with Staff analysis and
environmental review for the change. I've suggested one address, 2755 El
Camino, where you could calculate or ask Jim Baer who probably has already
done it to give you his calculations of the difference in the housing density
under the current law versus what Staff is proposing deleting that one
sentence. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 7:26 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Does Staff have any response they want to
make to any members of the public's comments?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. I would like to respond to two comments. First of
                                                                         Page 40 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
