                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: My quick question was a lot of these committees
are told to act as if they're under the Brown Act anyway. Why not just make
it a Brown Act committee? Why is that an issue?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think that's an issue other than the serial meetings
issue is often very difficult for newly appointed members of the public.
Particularly with a large group, it's hard to keep track of that as well. When
we form committees like this, we do notice them in advance, make them
open to the public, make sure the agendas are posted in advance, and we
don't discuss items that are not on the agenda. In that sense we do follow
those tenets of the Brown Act.

Council Member DuBois: With the Housing committee, you asked the
members to treat it like a Brown Act. If you had a forty-person committee,
no more than 20 people could talk outside the meeting. Is it really an issue?

Ms. Gitelman: We did. We've had some committees recently who found
that constraint to be too much of a constraint, and said, "We're not subject
to the Brown Act. Do we really have to count how many people we talk to
outside the meeting?" We would enjoy the luxury of not having to keep tabs
on that if we didn't have to.

Council Member Burt: Molly, do you happen to know when we had our
former Comprehensive Plan Advisory Committee, CPAC, was that fully Brown
Acted?

Ms. Stump: No, I don't know the answer to that, Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I'm not necessarily opposed to having it be a Brown
Act committee. It would be in all likelihood a large committee. If we have
30 members and anybody thinks that they have to meet with more than 15
in series, then they probably should choose a different committee to be on.
I don't really have a problem with that. If they have that complaint, then
too bad.

Council Member DuBois: Just reply all to (inaudible).

Council Member Burt: Hillary, did you want to say something?

Ms. Gitelman: I should clarify. It's not just meeting with other 15 people,
but it's a constraint on emailing the rest of the group outside of the
meetings.

Council Member Burt: Yeah, I understand the Brown Act. When we had the
SOFA [South of Forest Area Coordinated Area] Plan, that was Brown Acted.

                                                                         Page 44 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
