                          TRANSCRIPT

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Holman, Council Members.
Proposition 218 is an amendment to our California Constitution that allows
property-related fees and ratepayers an opportunity to have knowledge of
and participate in an objection procedure with respect to increase of
property-related rates. Our California Supreme Court has said that water
rates are subject to these procedures, and so this evening you will have a
majority dispute proceeding, a public hearing. Then the rates can be
considered by the Council after that subject to that process. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, you had just a couple of comments to
make as Chair of the Finance Committee.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The Finance Committee reviewed the proposed rate
changes and the 4 percent very clearly was something we had discussed
over the last year. It's the water charges that come from the San Francisco
Utility for the Hetch Hetchy seismic upgrade that we committed to. This was
divided into two pieces, and we're approving the second piece now. The 20
percent drought charge was a little bit more of an issue with the Committee.

Mr. Abendschein: Can I clarify that a little bit?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

Mr. Abendschein: Just to be really clear, it's not a 20 percent surcharge, but
a surcharge associated with a 20 percent reduction. We're recovering about
half of the revenue loss associated with the—but no additional revenue.

Ms. Fong: That 20 percent reduction is comparable to, in a sense, you
would look at it the same way you look at the Governor's mandated 24
percent reduction.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think there was agreement among the Committee
that the presentation to the public is very important on this.       Many
customers look at their bill and say, "We're saving money, and then you
charge us more for the money that's been saved." I would note, I guess, a
couple of sets of data that are important in understanding this. On packet
page 792, you have a nice example of the 20 percent ...

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, if you're making comments about the
Finance Committee, that's one thing. If you're going into your own personal
comments, then that's something different. That's for later.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Okay.
                                                                       Page 39 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
