                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I want to thank Council Member DuBois for bringing those
comments up. I support them. With that, with the correction at places of
Item Number 11, with Item Number 15 with Council Member Kniss not
participating, and we have some speakers for oral communications, and with
Item Number 19 pulled, then we have, I think, four members of the public
who care to speak. Three members of the public who care to speak to oral
communications. The first speaker is Jeff Hoel, to be followed by—who
wants to speak to Item Number 6—Jessica Lynam who wants to speak to
Item Number 19.

Jeff Hoel speaking to Agenda Item Number 6: Regarding Item 6, it proposes
to replace 65 utility poles. In the document that you heard on the 28th of
September, you found out that a number of utility poles aren't tall enough to
accommodate fiber to the premises infrastructure. I guess my question
about these 65 poles is how many are currently not tall enough and, after
they're replaced, will they be tall enough. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jessica Lynam to be followed by Lara Ekwall.

Jessica Lynam speaking to Agenda Item Number 19: Mayor and Council, my
name is Jessica Lynam. I'm here on behalf of the 20 local members of the
California Restaurant Association. We are very grateful that you have
agreed to pull this item. There is a lot of new information that has come to
light since this item has been heard. It's about a regional discussion.
Fortunately, the Cities Association of Santa Clara County did have a robust
conversation around this policy issue. They did agree to have a regional
study which is something that this City did not conduct. We really urge the
Council tonight to not only pull this item, but to vote no and wait, wait for
the regional study that should be published early next year. It's not
something that's going to be put off and delayed. This regional study will
look into all the mitigating factors that several members of this community
has asked the Council to look into, not only at the Council hearing this last
time but also at the committee hearing, such as mitigating factors for
specifically tipped and commissioned workers, youth and possibly phasing in
a minimum wage over a longer period of time. In addition, the CPI within
this region has decreased over the last 12 years. If this Council does
nothing and waits for the State minimum wage of $10 to be enacted on
January 1st rather than going to $11 per hour, then the regional consistency
will be closer. It will only be 30 cents. Many cities are not going up higher
because, like I said, CPI did decrease. It would be $10 within the City of
Palo Alto and $10.30 within the surrounding areas, rather than the 70 cents
if you did continue to go to 11. We also in addition ask the Council to look
to the City of Sacramento who created a minimum wage task force. What
they did is they included one individual from every industry within the city,
                                                                      Page 51 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
