                          TRANSCRIPT
with the Community Solar Program. That's still being developed. At this
point, we've had the program in place in for a number of years, and we've
never had anyone take us up on it, even at 16.5 cents. It's clear that it's
fairly unlikely that anyone would take us up on that program if the price was
dropped to the avoided cost of 10.3 cents. This right here is the verbiage
you have in your Staff Report that is essentially what the Finance Committee
recommends the Council does. That is my presentation.

James Keene, City Manager: Just a couple of comments. Going back to the
existing guiding policy related to the local solar percentage in our portfolio of
4 percent. We're still a long way from achieving that mark. While the
guidance on the CLEAN Program was capped at 3 megawatts, every little bit
helps in our view in that regard. Secondly, maybe the Council will also
speak to it. There are other values that are achieved with distributed local
solar, some of which we don't even know the long-term implications as far
as things might change in the future. I don't want to talk about symbolic
things, but I can see the benefit of looking across rooftops of commercial
buildings in this town and seeing solar has some important value to it.
Obviously in certain locations, the top of our garages for example, it
improves the utility of those parking spaces as far as shade, in addition to
being able to contribute on electricity. We're on the cusp here of having
both in the lease on the parking garages and we've heard some expressed
interest from other parties, the Unitarian Church and some other folks. They
mention the implications for the Community Solar Program, some interest
now in being able to move ahead. A drop in the price really is more of a
decision to terminate effectively the Feed in Tariff program and experiment.
That ought to be kept in mind.

Mayor Holman:     Going back to the HRC vote.        Does the City Clerk have
results?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: I do.

Ms. Minor: Shelly Gordon Gray received four, Diane Morin three votes.
They are required to receive five votes, so we do not have a majority. We'll
have to do a third round of votes.

Mayor Holman: We will go back then to Item Number 4. I'm going to
suggest we do two minutes a speaker.       Hopefully you can get your
comments in in that time. Council Member Burt, are you objecting to that?

Council Member Burt: We only have seven speakers.

Mayor Holman: Now we have eight, and we have more coming. I was
suggesting two. Let me see Council Members' approval of that or not.
                                                                           Page 21 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/27/15
