                          TRANSCRIPT
project. It will be in the commercial world. If that's the decision now, then
let's take that off the table and not spend any more time working on another
round.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much, and thank you for your service. I
thought I saw another light down there. Yes, go right ahead.

James Cook, Utilities Advisory Commissioner: Thank you so much for
having us and meeting with us tonight. I love the work that we do on the
UAC, and it's great to be able to get some guidance from you all on things
that we ought to focus on.             I've particularly enjoyed serving with
Commissioner Melton and Commissioner Waldfogel, both of whom I've
learned to listen closely to. I echo what they say. In addition to the second
connection to the grid and determining what we do on Fiber to the Premises
and what the UAC should be doing there, I'd also like your thoughts on fuel
switching. The last five years or so that I've been on the UAC, the City has
done an incredible job of moving to a more sustainable and green Electric
Utility, leading the country in that way and leading the world in many ways.
A lot of us are looking to what do we do next, so we've turned our Palo Alto
Green into Palo Alto Green Gas. I'm wondering if there's a next step there
and want to see if you have advice on that. Finally, something that we've
done in the past that goes with utilities and has been great for the aesthetic
of the City is undergrounding. As far as I know, we're in some sort of nether
world; I'm not sure what we're doing about undergrounding. Obviously
we've reaped the benefits of undergrounding in certain neighborhoods.
People like it. I'd like to see us finish the job and do the rest of the City. I'd
like to see what your thoughts are on that. Thank you again for meeting
with us.

Garth Hall, Utilities Advisory Commissioner: Good evening, City Council
Members and fellow Commissioners. Thanks very much for having us at this
meeting. I'm Garth Hall. I've been a Commissioner, I'm coming onto my
third year. I really appreciate this meeting. One of the fun things for me
just over the last year or so is to realize what progress the City has made on
the electric side in terms of its green footprint. We're probably amongst the
leaders in the United States, never mind California. It's been a joy to see
Chief Sustainability Officer Gil Friend appointed by the City Council to take
on a role of what else can we do. One of the key things for us to look for is
where do we go from here. We could become a lot more efficient with our
natural gas usage. There's no doubt about it. Fuel switching, Commissioner
Cook mentioned, is one avenue, but other things too. Also in the idea of
reducing the footprint in greenhouse gas in transportation, that may seem
like not a utility function, but I believe it can be and maybe should be.
When you think about the opportunity to move towards electric cars, you

04/20/2015                                                                117- 271
