                          TRANSCRIPT
analysis, that is take this into account with all the other things that are going
on and see what it means in the future. Two weeks ago, we got a traffic
study from 2555 Park. They actually had a cumulative analysis. They
compared the intersection at Page Mill and El Camino in 2013 to 2035. They
said that the cumulative growth in traffic averaged 3.3 percent per year
between 2013 and 25 given background traffic and the projects that were in
line to take place. That is pretty convincing evidence, from at least the data
that we have been given, that in the past traffic at that intersection has
been growing well above the 1 percent which is "normal." The cumulative
impact in the future, used by Mr. Dudek to say the project at 2555 would not
have a significant impact because the cumulative traffic was so high. Here's
another project at El Camino and Oregon adding to that cumulative traffic.
The numbers given us seem to say that's a real issue. The data we have in
Appendix D concluded that the Citywide traffic model, which incorporates all
the projects and the ABAG numbers and the VTA model, should be growing
on the order of 1 percent per year. How do we reconcile this report we
have, which says cumulative traffic will not be a big deal, with the one we
were given two weeks ago, which says cumulative traffic is astoundingly
high? F---. How do we deal with traffic?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. If I can respond. First, I'm
glad you raise the question again about the existing condition report and
historic growth rates at this intersection. After our last conversation in
January, we did track down the data you're referring to. There's a confusion
between traffic volumes and delay. The data in the existing condition report
is talking about delay. It indicates over the period that we're talking about
that there was, what I would think of as a relatively understandable, given
the traffic experience we're all having, increase in delay from 36 seconds to
52 or 53 seconds. That's delay. What we're talking about when we're
looking at this cumulative impact memo and the growth rate, that's talking
about volumes. That's the change in volume over time. I don't want one to
be confused with the other.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If I could read a sentence from the existing conditions
report, which has both volume and LOS delay.             It says peak hour
intersection LOS are a more accurate way to assess performance. Average
daily traffic provides a quick overview requiring much less data collection. I
took that to mean that the delay was a more accurate measure. That's what
you've told us.

Ms. Gitelman: Again, I don't think average delay is the measure that we
should be looking at when we're comparing to the traffic forecast model,
which is looking at volumes. That's the point I'm trying to make. In the
cumulative impact analysis, we're trying to project forward what we think
                                                                        Page 123 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
