                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Let's certainly start with the Vision and stay on the Vision
first.

Council Member DuBois: Before I get to the Vision, I with the help of
[Council Member] Eric [Filseth] created this hierarchy of Plan Goals which
was at places and available to the public. I wanted to talk about that for a
second. I mentioned in our last meeting on March 6th, I felt like it was
important to have some kind of framework to weigh competing Visions,
competing Goals against each other. This handout is an attempt to do that.
It's one of the toughest areas of the plan. When you talk about controversy,
it's usually where one Element conflicts with another Element. I was hoping
we could have a framework like this for the Summit and the working groups
that would lead to a result that would make it clear what trumps what when
something is in conflict. I'd like to ask my colleagues to consider the idea of
a framework in general. I did propose some specifics which we can tweak.
You could disagree with me. What we have here is basically three levels. I
grouped them into what I called existing conditions, which was the broadest
thing. It's the most fundamental to me. It consists of basic services, things
like our schools, our neighborhood character, traffic which is existing in
community character. A second priority would be new services we're adding
to the mix, things like reducing greenhouses gases, fiber, supporting healthy
community. All these things are important, as we said last time. It's really
how do you weight different categories. The third priority are the outward-
facing externalities, things that are external to the City. Again, things we'd
like to do but less important than the other two, like our brand image, our
reputation, our attractiveness to outside companies to move here. I just
wanted to explain that, throw that out there for discussion. I think I'll stop
there. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The focus of the first discussion is on the Visions and
the structure of the Visions. I'd just like to make one single point. Each of
the Vision Statements is good. You can read it and say, "This makes sense
for the area discussed." The base problem I have with the Comp Plan
[Comprehensive Plan] though is they don't mesh. They don't fit together.
They contradict each other. They're not in balance. Let me just give one
concrete example. The Land Use Vision Statement says, "Land use decisions
shall balance our future growth needs with the preservation of our
neighborhoods." Good statement. The Business and Economics one says,
"The City's balanced economic goals stimulate and support viable business
opportunities." Good. What happens when these two bump into each
other? The Comp Plan is very nice. In the Community Services section, it
says what to do. It says, "Palo Alto's success will be measured by the
satisfaction of its customers, the public at large." The Comp Plan tells us
when there's a conflict, let's turn to the public, the citizens, what are they
                                                                          Page 25 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
