                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:       I appreciate your comments.       From my perspective,
whether it's a mixed-use building or not a mixed-use building, it's how it can
be designed to, it's not about style, include the mixed-use components, the
three components that you have, retail, commercial and housing, how it can
be designed to fit on the site or not. We're about ready to vote on the
Motion.

Ms. Wong: The other thing is that there are certain constraints. There are
structural constraints. It's not a use to make just one little (crosstalk) up
there. It doesn't work that way.

Mayor Holman: Yes, ma'am. Understood. Thank you.

MOTION RESTATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING: Council Member
Burt moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois to continue the appeal and
request the Applicant redesign the project and return to the Architectural
Review Board and the Historic Resources Board to address the following
issues:

Historic Resources Board
A.   The Preservation Architecture report focuses on whether there are
     criteria for a historic district. There is no need for existence of a district
     for there to be historic considerations. The HRB should determine
     whether there are other factors that should be considered.
B.   What is the applicable “area of potential effect” under CEQA analysis?
C.   There are a number of historic structures near (e.g. on Kipling), one
     next to the proposed project and several across the street. How will
     the project impact these structures?
D.   Whether the mass, scale, and compatibility of the proposed project
     has an impact on the existing historic properties should be analyzed.
E.   Whether the proposed building would change the setting of the historic
     properties on Kipling Street or University Avenue and have an impact
     under CEQA.

Architectural Review Board
A.   The design shall be compatible with the immediate environment of the
     site– the building will be designed with articulation and set backs that
     minimize massing.
B.   In areas considered by the board as having a unified design character
     or historical character, the design is compatible with such character


                                                                          Page 103 of 105
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/04/15
