                         TRANSCRIPT
additional design guidelines for Eichlers, I'm open to hearing them. I
thought that was a good one, and we should move forward on that, and we
should refer it to the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd concur with the direction that it sounds like
this is going. Council Member Scharff, the PTC sounds like a better place
next to go, but I'd also be open to an idea I heard from Staff earlier.
Perhaps this would be worked through as part of the Comprehensive Plan.
I'd be open to thoughts on that. I'm not convinced that Policy and Services
is the right place to refer this. I'm supportive of the concept of enabling
neighborhoods to be the leading voice in crafting their own aesthetic future.
I do like the greater clarity of direction that Council Member Burt was
pushing us. Originally it sounded very vague and open-ended. That
narrows it and helps the discussion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Director Gitelman made the case that maybe the
Comprehensive Plan is a nice place to look at this in a wider purview. If you
look at our current Comp Plan, there's a number of programs and policies
that seem relevant. Program L-54 says review and update the City's
inventory of historic resources. I note that our historic review depends upon
the 1980 consultant report, which has not been updated since then. Of
course, there have been dramatic changes. It focuses on architectural
things. Some of the key City properties—the Fairchild building, the Federal
Telegraph building, tell the story of Palo Alto, where Palo Alto comes from—
don't get integrated in our historic review. An assessment of that might be
helpful.    Policy L-57 says develop incentives for the retention and
rehabilitation of buildings with historic merit in all zones.       A look at
something like that might be helpful. It could look at specific neighborhoods
or buildings or characteristics. We are now 35 years past the 1980 date,
and there might be a different perception of history and our historical value
that generations have gone through. I would encourage doing something at
the Comp Plan level following up on some of the policies and programs we
already have and asking the question what does it mean now.

Mayor Holman:       The Comprehensive Plan Update is a good place to
undertake this.     To answer, at least partially, Council Member Kniss'
question. Cupertino has an Eichler design handbook for the Fair Grove
neighborhood. Sunnyvale has Eichler design guidelines. To go broader than
that, which was the intention of Council Member DuBois—not to try to speak
for him, but I believe this was his intention—is that there are other kinds of
overlays too.    We're not talking just Eichler neighborhoods.         As the
Comprehensive Plan talks about to recognize the unique characteristic of
Palo Alto's different neighborhoods.      There's much written about what
conservation overlays are, conservation districts, preservation districts,
                                                                         Page 55 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
