                             MINUTES
AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Dubois moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to change the Priority to: The Built Environment: Multimodal
Transportation, Parking, and Land Use Focused on Quality of Life for
Residents.

Council Member Kniss requested clarification of "Land Use Focused on
Qualify of Life for Residents."

Mayor Holman would accept the language without "for Residents."
Businesses were important too. The Council had to balance the interests of
businesses and residents.

Council Member DuBois was suggesting a prioritization of residents over
businesses.

Vice Mayor Kniss asked if Council Member DuBois wanted to give residents
more weight than businesses.

Council Member DuBois was not specifying the degree of weight. As the
Comprehensive Plan stated, he would prioritize the needs of residents over
businesses; however, business needs would not be ignored. In the recent
election, he clearly stated his position on land use and he wanted that to be
stated explicitly in Council Priorities.

Mayor Holman restated the Amendment “The Built Environment: Multimodal
Transportation, and Parking and Land Use Focused on Quality of Life for
Residents.

Council Member Filseth stated prioritization was about making choices. He
would favor a slight preference for residents over businesses.

Vice Mayor Schmid believed the amended language explicitly stated the
focus on residents rather than commuters.    He would support the
Amendment.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XXX to change the last part of the Motion to: Land Use Focused on
Parks, Housing and Retail.

Council Member Wolbach explained that parks, housing and retail identified
key areas of land use which were important to residents. His proposed
language avoided use of the imprecise term quality of life.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND
                                                                        Page 9 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/31/2015
