                          TRANSCRIPT
motion. I'm putting a couple of things out there for colleagues to think
about. It's important that we resolve this tonight. Right now, I don't think
anyone has the votes. I'm undecided; I have mixed feelings about this. I'm
hearing what's starting to sound like a good debate. I'd like to make up a
decision, but I'd like more clarity. Projects in the pipeline is too broad to win
a vote tonight. I would encourage Council Member Scharff to consider
tweaking that to make it little bit more narrow and clear and/or Council
Member ...

Council Member Scharff: The projects on this page that are from 2013,
2014, that's acceptable, because that's what I meant.

Council Member Wolbach: In that case, Council Member Filseth, it sounded
like you were moving in a different direction. If you had an amendment to
offer, so we can move forward with the debate, I'd be happy to hear it, if
you had an alternative proposal. That way we can see two proposals and
think about them, evaluate them and make a decision, so we can resolve
this tonight.

Council Member Filseth: Here's the issue. Between 2013 and 2014, there's
100,000 square feet of projects there already. It's a two-year ordinance. If
we exempt 100,000 square feet of existing projects in the pipeline, we don't
have a meter anyway. We just used up our whole meter. If you want to say
that this 100,000 square feet is the whole allocation for the next two years,
that would be okay. On the face of it, if we approve everything in the
pipeline, then we don't have a cap anyway. It would be reasonable to say
that we exempt things that are approved by July 1st. There's a huge
amount of work that's been done by the time you finally get approval. There
are a couple of things in here, 2555 for example. If we add 100,000 square
feet, then we just defeated the whole purpose.

Council Member Kniss: Looking at this and taking it apart now that we've
gotten into the discussion. I'm on packet page 922, which is where the rest
of us are as well. It's interesting to me that there's only a couple that are
basically in what I call the Downtown. What looks like could be 60,000
square feet is on Park Boulevard. The last three are exempt anyway. Those
are not in the areas that we're discussing. What's interesting to me about
this is that—I will be very surprised if Number 5 comes back to us. That's
the one that got wound up in the PC zoning. I'm looking at this and thinking
somewhat hesitantly that I could support Council Member Scharff's
suggestion that we move with this so that we are stuck again. I could be
wrong, Hillary, but I don't think everything on here is going to come to
fruition.


                                                                         Page 91 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
