                         TRANSCRIPT
some really creative ways to use open space. Our current practice, I think,
has been helpful, but we wanted to update the Code language as proposed
in the ordinance to be clear that you can have open space that might be
covered by a canopy or a floor above as long as it's substantially open to the
sides. The next is a new section dealing with use classifications. It's similar
to the interpretations section I talked about before. It just gives the
Director the authority to say this use is similar to other uses that are
permitted in the area, in the district. For example, tutoring centers are not
identified as a permitted use in the Code, We have them in the City; we
want to have the ability to say that this use is similar to a personal service
use. The next item has to do with noise-producing equipment. This actually
occurs here and then also another section of the ordinance, pages 264 and
268. What we're trying to do here is simply clarify that if you have an
existing mechanical equipment in a side yard where it's not supposed to be
today, that we would allow for the replacement of that with a more
contemporary equipment, quieter equipment, that was in compliance with
the noise ordinance. This next amendment is simply implementing Council's
direction to remove the application fee requirement for single-story overlays.
The home improvement exception, wall retention, this reflects current
practice today. There really isn't any controversy about this particular item.
This is what we do when we approve these home improvement exceptions.
This is an existing practice in the Code today. We just wanted to clarify that
75 percent of the exterior walls needs to remain intact, and that means the
siding and the cladding and so forth. I'll note that this is distinguished from
one of the Attachment E items that I'll be talking about later dealing with
remodels and renovations to home. To my knowledge, there's not been any
controversy about this one. The next item deals with residential bay
windows. Frequently we've been asked by architects, we do allow bay
windows to project into a front yard, but we don't allow them to project into
a corner street yard. This would give the opportunity for an architectural
projection into that setback which is typically about 16 feet, as I understand
it. Moving onto the next group of amendments. These are multifamily
amendments and related to the State density bonus. The first one is the
multifamily density range. This is just a clarification to, again, reflect past
practice. Our Zoning Code sets forth a range of densities that are permitted
for the RM-15, RM-30 and RM-40 zones, but we often see projects that do
not rise to that density per acre. In fact, we have allowed single-family
homes to be permitted in multifamily zones. The intent here is simply to
memorialize that practice. There may be another Council conversation
about whether that's something we want to continue to do. We're not trying
to tackle that policy issue with this amendment. All we're trying to do is
reflect what we've currently allowed. The next two items I'll talk about
relate to the Density Bonus Law. There are some recent changes to State
law, some that perhaps may be more favorably received relating to
                                                                        Page 31 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
