                         TRANSCRIPT
relying upon a good network. Where my daughter lives, she has a very
simple fiber with 100 megabits per second Ethernet which is not much on
the fiber. Because it's a symmetrical job, the quality and what we can do on
that little thing in her apartment at $30 a month is just astonishing. What I
work on today is what you will work and use tomorrow. We are in desperate
need of getting a better network infrastructure. Unfortunately Google, which
I thought would provide that, when you start to dig into the details of what
actually they are going to deploy, that would not be sufficient. That is not
adequate for the work that I do. It would not be adequate for what you
want to do tomorrow. They have very different motives for why they want
to put in the network. It does not jive with those of us who live in this City
and create technology. We are really, really dependent upon that you are
giving a neutral network that we can take on and deliver further. It's just
like the speaker said, we need something. We need a single provider. We
need the single into our house. I do not want that to be controlled by either
AT&T, Google or anyone else. I want my public utility delivered, because
this is my livelihood. This is my entertainment. This is what I do in this
City. I hope you will consider taking charge of the network and provide us
something that is neutral, that all of us can use for the best for the
community. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss. If you want to
speak to this item, if you could turn your card in by the time Mr. Moss is
complete. Our next speaker will be Bob Harrington.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Fiber to the
premises is not a new concept in Palo Alto. The cable co-op was actively
working on it 20 years ago.        In 1999, we funded a study by Media
Connections Group in San Francisco. They gave a cost estimate to put fiber
to 100-home nodes, saying 100-home nodes is ridiculous. The industry
standard is 1,000-home nodes. That's what AT&T, by the way, is talking
about doing today. We wouldn't go for that. Doing 100-home nodes to the
entire franchise area, Palo Alto, East Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Atherton, San
Mateo County, would cost $25 million. The bandwidths, download and
upload speeds, would be far greater than anything AT&T or Comcast or
Google is likely to offer you. Having high capacity internet connections is
extremely valuable. It will make it much more attractive in Palo Alto for
corporations to move here, especially those that are internet dependent
where they provide internet services. It will allow an awful lot of people to
do telecommuting from home instead of driving to work.              It'll make
government actions much more efficient. You'll be able to tie very high
speed internet connections from City Hall to every government facility, fire
stations, police stations, so on. There's a lot of benefits to getting it done
and getting it done right. If you go out to talk to AT&T and Google and any
                                                                          Page 89 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
