                         TRANSCRIPT
from the Staff perspective or from M&N. A 12-foot bridge would be ideal,
but I don't know that it's a necessity. I don't know how much the cost is
driven by that width and some of the other aspects. I guess I'll throw out
the final one. Have we had discussions with M&N or anyone else about
really how much of a fixed-price contract we could enter into, so that we
don't have potential cost overruns?

Mr. Sartor: A couple of quick ones on the cost part. The Moffatt & Nichol
design competition is a unique design. It's not only a box girder, but it's a
suspended, clear span, box girder. A way to reduce the cost there would be
to have a more standard span which would include a center pier in the
freeway so it would not have to be suspended. That would be a significant
cost decrease. The other part of the Moffatt & Nichol design was that it was
an 18-foot wide interior section for bikes and peds with a, I think, 16-foot
clear width in that. If you go down to a 12-foot wide bridge, you reduce
significant cost there. As far as a fixed price, once we get through the
environmental work and conceptual design and we lock in a concept for
design, then we could look at alternative construction methods, like fixed-
price, design/build, those kinds of things. We need to at least first get
through defining what the scope of the project would be. Then we could go
that route.

Mr. Eggleston: If I could add one other thing about the discussions we've
had with Moffatt & Nichol. In addition to what we've said about negotiating
price, we've been negotiating contract terms. One of the things that was
somewhat disturbing to us is that they were asking for an exception to our
standard language that says that if at any point during the design process
cost estimates show that the construction cost is exceeding the budget, the
design firm needs to value engineer the project at their own cost. That was
with respect to the $12 1/2 million construction cost.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: We had a letter here at places from Moffatt &
Nichol. It had a lot of comparison costing information, several different
bridges. I do think we need to—I think everybody's clear—be clear between
construction costs and total costs, make sure we're talking apples to apples.
You said this is a one-of-a-kind design. I guess there is a similar bridge at
Happy Hollow. I don't know if that gives us some comfort that, I think,
these guys have built ... I'll go through a bunch ...

Mr. Eggleston: That's the other team from the design competition with the
arch bridge at Happy Hollow.


                                                                     Page 114 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
