                          TRANSCRIPT
lines of his distinction—all of these, I believe, were just given to people of
his service. They weren't for individual valor, but I'm going to read them.
Point System 1, 2 Victory Medal, 3 American Area Campaign Medal, 4 Asiatic
Pacific Area Campaign Metal (one star)—which in his obituary I called a
Bronze Service Star not to be confused with the Bronze Star—and the
Philippine Liberation Ribbon. It leaves me with the task of learning more
about this. Someone said with the discharge papers I can get a more
elaborate document from the VA and learn a little bit more and research.
Basically, I appreciate the event today. I'm just going to stand here silently
during my sum-up to symbolically "for whom the bell tolls." Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming to the event earlier and also for
inviting others. Our final speaker this evening under Oral Communications is
Elaine Meyer.

Elaine Meyer: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Members of the City
Council. Thank you for the attention you paid last week to the added
housing, that list that I presented. I've removed the Fry's site that was
pointed out by Council Member Berman last week. I thank him for the
feedback. That parcel was all over the news—there's some inadvertent
humor going on. That parcel was all over the news. While the owner was
known to want to build housing there and it looked as though it was going to
happen, but it didn't. The total for the housing added since the last Comp
Plan is now 3,629 units. This is not a trivial number. Since development
details change so frequently, this collection of data is inevitably a work in
progress. The best way to see the latest information—I'm not going to
distribute any more paper copies—is on the web at the URL that I showed
you last week or that I will give you if you ask. I'd like to also acknowledge
the Staff that keeps track of this monumental amount of data of
development materials. They do a very good job. If there are any other
corrections to be made, I'll appreciate hearing them. The document is still
lots of detail, and I hope it'll be useful in your analysis and in your decision-
making. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.     That concludes Oral Communications this
evening.

Minutes Approval

3.    Approval of Action Minutes for the August 31, September 9, 15, 21,
      and 28, 2015 Council Meetings.

Mayor Holman: That takes us to the Minutes Approval, which is for the
Action Minutes of August 31, September 9, 15, 21 and 28. Could I have a
motion please?
                                                                             Page 10 of 71
                                                              City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/9/15
