                         TRANSCRIPT
that the revisions we have made have addressed the concerns that you had.
We have been in the process for over two years, and we respectfully request
that you approve our project this evening. Norm Schwab, the owner, Leigh
Prince, his counsel and expert on the State Density Bonus Law, and I are
available to answer any future questions, as well as our traffic engineer,
Richard Hopper.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman. This project has two problems that
I'm sure you've heard of before, traffic and parking. The increase in the size
of the building and the addition of, I estimate, about 100 to 120 workers, is
going to create significant traffic impacts. Having an increase of 12 housing
units, even if some of the workers take transit, I estimate between 275 and
300 additional trips per day. That's not factored into the Staff Report or the
analysis. One of the things that I found rather strange, the Staff Report
packet page 952, they're talking about parking. They're suggesting that we
can have overflow parking, that we can meet the demand by parking on Ash
or on Page Mill. I don't recall any project in the last 40 years where street
parking has been given as an excuse for under-parking on the site. When
Naph Knox was Director of Planning, he explicitly said that parking had to be
provided on the site, and you didn't count public parking on public streets as
part of your required parking spaces. We have a parking problem, and we
have a traffic problem at the most congested intersection in town. My
suggestion for alleviating most of this would be to add two more apartments
on the second floor, converting some of the office space to apartment space.
That would reduce the number of workers by 12 to 18. It would reduce the
number of required parking spaces and would require onsite parking which
could be met with the parking which has been proposed. My suggestion is
to convert at least 2,000 square feet of office space to residential. If that
doesn't work, then I suggest you reduce the size of the building, especially
the office space by 2,000 to 3,000 square feet.

William Ross: Good evening, William Ross, taxpayer and resident. You
cannot have project approval without a valid environmental analysis under
CEQA. I will follow the recent analysis in a case called Keep our Mountains
Quiet v. County of Santa Clara, which interestingly affirms the decision of a
former colleague of yours, Judge Joe Huber, concerning the inadequacies of
a Mitigated Negative Declaration. Starting with the check list and going
down. I will incorporate by reference, raising a procedural issue about
limitation of time, my remarks in the case on 2555 Park Boulevard as to the
inadequacy of cumulative assessments with respect to both traffic and
water. Nonetheless, going to that check list, I again reference Section P-3
under utilities. Notwithstanding 18 months passage of time, an addendum
that's recent as of last month. There's no mention of the water situation in
this state. More critically, no mention of your initiation and revitalization
                                                                      Page 113 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
