                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I wanted to make sure I understood that. I want
to raise this question. If we actually use the avoided cost at 9.4 cents,
there's no actual reason to have a cap on it. At 9.4 cents, you should buy all
the renewables you possibly could if there's no transmission costs.

Council Member Burt: Okay.

Council Member Scharff: On the non-solar eligible, since it's at 9.3 cents, I
don't think you need a cap on that.

Council Member Burt: I would agree.

Council Member DuBois: I would disagree, because the price could drop
over time. That's the whole point of the cap.

Council Member Scharff: Okay, a fair argument. I thought I'd raise that.
That was that question. The other question I had was—it just went out of
my head. This is the argument that came before us that I'm struggling with.
I heard that it takes over a year to put these things together. I think I
heard that loud and clear. I also heard the equity argument that we've been
working on this for two years. We've put $200,000 into it. When this comes
back in a year from now, anyone who's relying now on the 16.5 cents is
going to come back to you when you're trying to do a gradual reduction and
say, "We priced this on that." I wanted to raise that issue, so when this
comes up people understand that we're looking at a gradual reduction. If it
was me, I could fully support this motion if we actually lowered that 3
megawatts to, say, 2 megawatts. I don't see anyone coming up in the next,
I don't know, year with the program. If they do, great. I am concerned
about this equity argument that people are not going to realize that. As we
try and do a gradual reduction, people are going to complain about it. I just
throw that out there and see if anyone thinks about it.

Mayor Holman: Are you asking that as an amendment?

Council Member Scharff: I'm asking for a response. I may ask for an
amendment, but I'm actually asking for a response a little bit from Council
Member Burt on what he thinks about that issue.

Council Member Burt: One of the questions is that based upon what we've
learned over the last year in these two programs, will we necessarily have a
one-year gestation period for new projects that enter the pipeline. An
alternative would be that we lock this in for 18 months to make sure that we
have adequate timeline but not excessive timeline for projects that would be
coming forward in the coming months that might take a full year from initial
proposal until final adoption. It's a valid point. The question becomes how
                                                                         Page 46 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
