                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I wanted to reiterate, I do think the point is not
that we won't find people. I was convinced by Council Member Berman's
argument that we potentially get a useful perspective. Certainly two people
would not change the voting outcome in any way.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Why are we making the decision? Why the Council?
We happened to be voted a representative of the voters who have given us
the mandate to make decisions. The rules of the game, of American
democracy, is you have to be a resident to vote. It seems to me we should
not be traipsing beyond our boundaries. Residents should be the ones who
are on this committee dealing with our Comp Plan that we're going to make
the decision on.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, this is a very simple Amendment, and we
have three lights. The Amendment is to add "all but two voting members be
Palo Alto residents." You have five seconds, Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I may take more than five seconds. This whole
notion that we need an outside perspective doesn't recognize that we have a
diverse set of perspectives within the community. We don't have to step
outside our boundaries to get diversity and breadth of perspectives. This is
an important role, and it should be performed by people who live here. This
is our Comp Plan.

Council Member Scharff: To clarify and understand. The Amendment is all
but two, but the City Manager doesn't have to choose anyone who's not a
Palo Alto resident. Is that correct? There's no directive to choose that.

Mayor Holman: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: If we added the words "preference"—we already
have that. I could support this given that it's at the direction of the City
Manager. He's clearly heard from us we want Palo Alto residents. After
going and looking and we say we're sure we're going to find the right
people, if he finds the right people, great. He doesn't need to put any non-
Palo Alto residents. Given that, I'm going to support the Motion.

Council Member Filseth: I don't have anything to add that Pat didn't already
say.

Mayor Holman: We are ready to vote on the board to change "a" to "all but
two voting members must be Palo Alto residents." That also fails on a 5-3
vote. Council Members Berman, Scharff, Wolbach voting yes. Council
Member Kniss not participating.

                                                                     Page 120 of 123
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                              Transcript: 5/18/2015
