                         TRASNCRIPT
below here. Each year, we're looking at what are the specific work plan or
goal items that we are going to attempt to meet that activity. It could be a
grant-funded goal that helps us achieve one of these strategies. It could
also tie into the budget, where we have certain allocation of dollars to those
items. Goal B is to strengthen the community and the Library through
effective partnerships. The Library has long been a partner with both
nonprofits and for-profit businesses throughout the community. They've
supported us while we didn't have space for things like story time, so we did
pop-up story times at Tesla, at Pottery Barn, things like that, to help us
continue to serve the community, even though we were limited in terms of
space.     Goal C, facilitate civic participation and effective community
engagement. One of the highlights of this will be revitalizing the volunteer
program which has continued steadily even though the spaces were small.
We have a large number of teens who volunteer at the library. That
program, as you'll hear more throughout this year, is going to be refined
with more specific opportunities for volunteers to support services. Goal D is
to expand virtual customer experiences. In this community, I don't think
that we could be a Library without offering opportunities to learn about
technology, to learn about new services. This doesn't mean that the actual
book is not important to us. As you can tell from the circulation statistics,
we continue to be a prime lender of books. We want to be sure that
everyone in the community is able to access information when it's
convenient. Many of those electronic experiences are available 24 hours a
day. Goal E relates primarily to Staff. The group that met said, "We want to
foster a culture of excellence, continuous improvement and risk taking. We
want to attract the best employees and keep them here to work with our
community in the best way possible." Now, I'd like to invite Eric Howard,
our Assistant Library Director, up and he can talk for just a moment about
how the Plan is being used today.

Eric Howard, Library Services Assistant Director: Hi. I'm Eric Howard. I'm
the Assistant Director of the Library. We are really excited because we are
on the 8th, as you know, expanding our hours. This provided some really
great opportunities for us. We are able to hire some new Staff, and we took
advantage of this opportunity to reorganize the Library and really streamline
it so that we're focusing with a lot of clarity on these goals. One of the
things that we started to do right away with Goal A and B, youth services,
which is really its own department in many ways, focuses on all those goals
we have in "A." They are beginning to take advantage fully of story time,
recognizing this is a great opportunity to interact with parents and try to
inculcate skills in helping them develop literacy with children.        We're
developing a curriculum behind that, so we can really connect with the
parents. Last week also, we kicked off our first ESL class. Part of the adult
services program is to develop a new Americans program. This class will
                                                                        Page 4 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
