                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member DuBois: I'll be speedy. Following up on Mayor Holman's
question real quick. On that exemption for zoning text, why the exemption
for hotels and automobile?

Mr. Lait: We put that in there because there's an existing process in the
Code today that seems to, my word, encourage an overlay or at least an
application process for automobiles and hotels. There's an existing policy
that's been codified. We thought that's different than some anticipated and
studied and evaluated in public hearings, so we have that process in place in
the Code today. To us, that's distinguished from an example that the Mayor
just brought up, where I want to change from RM-15 to RM-30.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say quickly. My interpretation,
the bottom of page 3, I think was similar to Council Member Scharff's that if
it's an ARB matter under this Code, it'd go to ARB, but that wouldn't
preclude them coming to us in a more general manner. I would support
clarifying it like that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, back to you.

Council Member Burt: My concern was along the same lines. I do support
the amendment, but it does raise the need for a clarification on the issue
that I was raising before. What it seems to me is that if we want to allow
the applicant to come before the Council instead of ARB, it should be instead
of what they would normally go to the ARB with more detailed drawings, it
would be, in the context of this amendment, they would come at a more
conceptual stage. Around architectural issues, if that's what they're wanting
to have addressed, but they wouldn't be necessarily full detailed
architectural drawings. I'm not sure what clarifying language we need to
have in regards to what Staff was already going to come back and come up
with clarifying language D3. I think we need to be clear. If that's our
intent, we want to make that clear.

Council Member Scharff: Council Member Burt, I don't know if you misspoke
or if you meant to say it that way. My view of it was you could come to
Council, but then you'd still have to go to ARB, that they're actually separate
processes.    You can't circumvent ARB, for instance, by coming at a
conceptual level here, and then not have to deal with all of the architectural
issues that we actually as laypeople may not raise.

Council Member Burt: Right. This would be a conceptual, and it would be at
their discretion.

                                                                         Page 50 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
