                          TRANSCRIPT
ourselves to 50,000 square feet a year. That was where it all began. Then
we said there should be some boundaries that go along with this 50,000
square feet a year. That took at least two meetings in the spring, as I recall,
if not more. It's taken a great deal of time by Planning and Transportation
as well. At this point, I think this is the kind of criteria that should be folded
into what the Comp Plan looks at and what they come up with. I'm also
really concerned about does this go to Council on a regular basis. Does
every building come before Council for all these criteria to be assigned to it
or do we get this in some sort of easier information that can be vetted by
the Comp Plan Committee so that we know whether or not this really has
some relevance? This is complex. I think for us to be doing this now, while
Staff is working on the Comp Plan, really is muddying the waters of this. My
plan tonight was to do several things. We have become more and more
complex in where we're going with it. I would, for sure, support that first-
come-first-serve and make it as simple as we possibly can to move forward.
We're already almost in October. I'm not sure whether this started at the
end of June of last year or June of this year or when it's really going to start.
I think that would be a critical question.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: In one sense I do agree it would kill two birds with
one stone, but I think one would be a golden eagle. I think that this is the
most valuable part of this process actually. The race toward quality is
perhaps more important than the control on quantity. It's, I think, vital for
us to have this experience to inform the Comp Plan, so that we can figure
out whether we're going to be able to have a future framework for the
duration of the Comp Plan that will frame the quality of projects that are
built.   When we look at these criteria, these are the things that the
community has for the most part had greatest concern about or things that
conversely present the greatest opportunity for actually valuable projects
that would do good, that would be architecturally fitting in with
surroundings, that would enhance streetscape, that would go from having
architectural quality that is acceptable to something that we might view as
excellent, to have the lowest impacts on traffic and parking, the highest
environmental quality. These would be the things that developers would
compete in. We talk about what are the best merits of the private sector.
Letting developers really compete on projects that would bring quality to our
community, I just really want to see what would come about as a result of
that. Finally, I think the process that was proposed is that the Director of
Planning would be driving that weighting. Is that correct? That was the
proposal. It wouldn't be coming to the Council on each one. I actually think
this is the backbone of this whole thing and the thing where the most good
could be done.
                                                                         Page 120 of 133
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/21/15
