                         TRANSCRIPT
so. We understand risks and incompatible uses better than we did. This is
part of what we've been talking about. If we had hindsight, we wouldn't
have done this sighting. We need to have enough foresight to not go into
another bad decision. I think this is a sound one. Having levels up to Title
19 is still moderate amounts of hazardous materials. Under this ordinance,
they would have proper buffer zones. I think it's a correct balance, but I
don't see a need to have Tier 3 facilities in our areas. I'll oppose the
amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: On the amendment, it seems like both the pro and
the con cases for the amendment, under both those cases, the Staff is going
to go off and think about are there any unintended consequences of this and
are there any applications that actually would make sense to do. It seems
to me that the question between the pro and con is if the Staff doesn't come
up with anything terribly conclusive, what's the default? I think the default
ought to be that there's no Tier 3 uses. I think probably the best thing is
that the amendment fails.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, we will vote on the amendment,
which is to remove from the Motion "Staff be directed to"—Council Member
DuBois, did you ...

Council Member DuBois:      Listening to the argument, I would actually
withdraw the Motion rather than vote. I think you guys convinced me. I
appreciate hearing from my colleagues.

Ms. Stump: Point of order, Madam Mayor.        To withdraw the amendment,
you need the agreement of the seconder.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'll go along.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member DuBois: Could I continue with my questions?

Mayor Holman: Yes, you still have the floor.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. Actually most of my questions, I think,
are for the City Attorney. I have four questions. If I could just rattle them
off, then you could answer them. Are the Tier 2 restrictions limited to
industrial zones or are they Citywide? If a Tier 1 facility exceeds the CUPA,
does it become a Tier 2? There were some comments in the Q&A that
                                                                          Page 78 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
