                         TRANSCRIPT
issue is an issue in the community. With extra capacity, we would devote
some of it to leaf blowing enforcement.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a technical question.        Budget surplus, does it
include outstanding issues?

Mr. Rossmann: No. The outstanding issues we referred to today are
funding from other funds. That's the Stanford Development Fund for Track
Watch, etc. Right here in front of you on the screen, we're showing for you
the Motions as they will be made today by the Council, so we can track and
see how we're doing with the budget surplus.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The Fire Services contract, the golf course closure are
not ...

Mr. Rossmann: Those issues are concerns we have for the budget for next
year. However, we don't know the outcome yet.

Mayor Holman: I don't know when I'll have a chance to say this. Can we
make sure that our Code Enforcement Officers also have noise measuring
devices? I've heard I can't tell you how many complaints from people who
say they call in a noise complaint. Staff will come out and say, "I don't have
any way to measure it." I've heard that numerous times. With that, we'll be
voting to put the Code Enforcement Lead position in the Fiscal Year 2016
Budget, that the City Manager propose an alternate position to remove from
the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget if required to maintain a budget surplus. Vote
on the board please. That passes unanimously with Council Member Filseth
not present.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Council Member Kniss: This is not going to be a Motion. It's really direction
instead, because we are still in the tentative part of the budget. I want to
speak to Project Safety Net and also involve City Manager Keene at the
same time. This is the first year I have been this involved in Project Safety
Net. I have been very concerned about where we're going with it, what
resources we're putting into it and so forth. Right now we have a two-part
solution. Part of that is Project Safety Net, however that may be defined. It
seems to not be defined as well as perhaps it was in '09, '10 and '11. I
wasn't here at that time, but I'm sure that whomever was originally involved
in it was very clear on what the outcome would be. The second part of this
particular aspect, which was on the board before, is whatever the amount is
that's going into Track Watch. For me, Track Watch is going to be about
prevention at the source without any question. It's a very hands-on thing.
You've all seen everyone waiting at Track Watch, the personnel who are in
                                                                        Page 68 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
