                         TRANSCRIPT

by how many different kinds of parking there are. The most common one is
the sensors. The most common one is in Santa Monica for their community
college. It lists exactly the number of spaces open. You drive in, and you
do have to look for a space. We did go to a garage somewhere else where
not only did you not have to look for a space, it told you where the space
was. I am wondering in this valley of heart's delight that turned into Silicon
Valley what's up with that. Because this is a Study Session, let me just hang
it out there, Mayor Holman, and just say it seems like we could do better
with this kind of issue. I know there will be lots of other comments tonight.
That's my frustration; it was my frustration a year and a half ago. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Does Staff want to respond to that at all or do you want to
accumulate comments and questions for the end?         It sounded like a
question.

Ms. Sullivan: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. I think I understand you
correctly. The consultant has moved forward with a recommendation for
doing exactly what I think you are referencing, which is the individual
sensored spaces, red light/green light. We didn't ...

Council Member Kniss: It's the second recommendation I would call it.

Ms. Sullivan: Yes. Again, there's two major types of technology. There's
the parking access and revenue control, which is not really related to that.
There's the actual red light/green light, count the number of spaces that
everybody gets excited about. We are going to be discussing both of the
main recommendations with the stakeholders, I think, before we come back
with the recommendation. There obviously is a significant cost for the red
light/green light system versus a more simple loop system. We want to look
at costs as well.

Mayor Holman:      To be clear, this is a combination of questions and
comments.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a couple of comments. I remember that we have
been trying to deal with the Downtown parking issue for at least a decade.
Experiments, trials, discussions and lots of frustration. Last December, the
Council finally voted to say, "Let's do the RPP program. Let's set a date on
it, September 15th." Here we are in the middle of August with the signage
contract in place, with the permit sales under way, with an enforcement
contractor signed up, with the citation processing under work. I think we've
done a marvelous job, a great accomplishment after a decade of talking, to

                                                                       Page 12 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
