                          TRANSCRIPT
B.   Cross reference Growth Management Strategies from the Land Use
     Element.”

Mayor Holman: That is accepted by the maker and seconder. If you'd care
to make an amendment, this could be a time to do that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On Goal B-3, the text under Goal B-3 says very
explicitly the economic impact that could be expected. It would be nice to
have that as a policy, B-9, saying the City ...

Mayor Holman: Just to be clear, you're adding a policy, B-9.        Correct?
That's your amendment?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. It would substitute for the current B-9 by saying
that the ...

Mayor Holman: This is Policy B-9, correct?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Maybe it would be helpful if you read what the current
Policy B-9 is, and then offer your amendment.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Current B-9 says encourage new businesses that meet
the City's business and economic goals to locate in Palo Alto. Substitute
"the City recognizes that economic growth, especially greater tax revenues
for the community, are an important goal." Make explicit the economic
benefits the City gets.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, do you accept that amendment?
Council Member Filseth?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could I add one other thing? You're checking. Sorry.

Mayor Holman: Could you read once again what this replaces? I think that
might be helpful.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just a general statement, "encourage new businesses
that meet the City's business and economic goals."

Council Member Filseth: I think I understand what you're trying to achieve
here. I think we need to be a little bit careful about the breadth of what
economic growth means in Palo Alto. There's a lot of different ways that we
could pursue economic growth. Some are good, and some are less good.



                                                                     Page 74 of 86
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 12/9/15
