                          TRANSCRIPT
still want to have that discussion. I think that's an important discussion to
have.      Again for tonight, I think for both interpretations and use
classifications, I'd really be interested in more broader public notice and
some method for it to come before Council. Moving on. The noise-
producing equipment, I'm not sure if it belongs here. Somewhere I saw an
idea that kind of—encouraging placement in basements if possible.           I
thought that was a nice idea. I don't know where it belongs. I had a
question on page 10. The table heading changed from summary of gross
floor area for low density to single family, and then on the next page or a
couple pages, page 13, it was kind of a similar change where kind of low
density residential zones were mentioned in the parking. That changed to
just R-1. I wonder if you could explain those changes and what that is.

Mr. Lait: If I can back up—did you want a response on the basement or the
noise-producing and why basement wasn't necessarily something that we
were exploring?

Council Member DuBois: Sure. Again, I was just saying it's an option.

Mr. Lait: Sure. What we're trying to do with this is the mechanical
equipment is already in place; it's already got the infrastructure to support
that a/c unit, for instance, are all there. Typically people ...

Council Member DuBois: Just want to replace the unit and not replace all
that other stuff.

Mr. Lait: Exactly. The unit's ...

Council Member DuBois: I get it. I was just ...

Mr. Lait: We always look for opportunities to replace it. Actually the Code
itself does talk about the feasibility of it. Right before we added the
insertion there, any replacement of such equipment shall conform to this
section where feasible. It kind of even gives it an out right there. We're
just trying to be a little clear about it. As far as the table heading change,
on Table 3 at the bottom of page 10 ...

Ms. French: Low density is the—Amy French here. Low density is the name
of Chapter 18.10. That's R-2, RE, RMD zones. It's a typo. We're in the
18.12 chapter which is R-1, otherwise known as single family, zone.

Council Member DuBois: For that one, it was meant to mean R-1, and now
it doesn't?

Ms. French: It was just a goof, an error in the table title.

                                                                       Page 56 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
