                          TRANSCRIPT

Some of the mapping just doesn't exist on here.           Stanford's a little
complicated, because you can have a roadway, and then all of a sudden it
becomes inaccessible to cars. It seems like it would be important to have
those included on a map like this, so you can figure out where connectivities
are and could be and should be. Yeah, these kinds of projects take a long
time too. This goes broader than just on campus. These projects do take a
good long while. At the same time, development happens and sometimes
we don't get the plan out there and kind of aggressive about putting a plan
out there. We're precluding opportunities as part of development projects.
I would hope that we could get a little bit more aggressive in getting our
plan out there. There's something else that's been at play in the Parks and
Recreation Commission and department that still hasn't happened, but I'm
hoping will happen. The map that you've provided does indicate where
schools are and indicates where parks are. There's an app that's been
talked about for probably four years now, three years at least, probably
more like four years, that would show you where pedestrian and bicycle
paths are and also where parks are and where community facilities are.
Coordinating that kind of an app would be so helpful. A more recent
comment has been to add where art installations are too on that same app
map. Just to reiterate one of Council Member Burt's comments about the
High Street. That's something that's been lingering for a while. I'm glad to
hear you're going to be considering that because it does, I think, merit
discussion. With that, I don't know if you have any responses to any of that.
It's mostly comments than questions. With that, we have two members of
the public. You'll each have three minutes. Robert Neff to be followed by
Cedric de la Beaujardiere.

Robert Neff: Thanks. First, I wanted to say that the recent work on our
bicycle network has just been outstanding. The updates to the plan lines,
particularly on Wilkie, have focused on effective improvements that will
make the route safe and also very efficient for traveling on a bicycle. I was
at the recent community meeting for the Churchill/Caltrain plan. I've been
to three of those. That was the first time that the real world issues of Paly
bicyclists were really addressed in the plan. It was so good to see. I think it
was treated—there's hundreds of bicyclists coming out of Paly, and we have
to deal with them as traffic. We can't just decide that they are kind of—I
don't know—fairies or something. We have to have space for them in the
street. I think the plan will start the conversation of how to do that best. I
was impressed with the materials and the tone of education and
collaboration at that community meeting from all the City Staff who was
there. Let's see. Our Bike Plan provides a blueprint for projects to pursue.
At this time, we're about four years away from when inputs were given, and
                                                                         Page 24 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
