                         TRANSCRIPT
strengthen that point.   Other than that, vote on the board please.          That
passes on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.    Approval of Response to Grand Jury Report on Protecting Our
      Most Vulnerable Residents.

James Keene, City Manager: We are in the same situation as the prior
item, Madam Mayor. I'm hoping that the City Attorney's descriptor of the
Civil Grand Jury process was complete enough on the last one. We're here
if need be.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, questions, comments, motion?

Council Member Scharff: I'll move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council
Member Kniss to approve the Staff recommendation.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the response to the 2014-2015 Santa Clara County Civil
Grand Jury Report entitled, “Protecting Our Most Vulnerable Residents.”

Mayor Holman: To be clear here for everyone who may just be listening on
the radio. The Staff recommends that the Council approve the following
responses to the 2015 Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury report entitled
"Protecting Our Most Vulnerable Residents." Then there are a number of
items laid out here. Council Member Scharff, Council Member Kniss. I see
no other comments. We are ready for a vote then. All those in favor. That
passes on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

10.   PUBLIC HEARING: Ordinance to Amend Chapters 18.38, PC Planned
      Community District Regulations, and 18.79, Development Project
      Preliminary Review Procedures; Exempt from CEQA under CEQA
      Guidelines 15061.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. Good evening, City Council. As the City Council and
community knows, the City is divided into a number of zoning districts that's
set forth in development standards and permitted uses. The Zoning Code
also includes a provision for the Planned Community District which would
                                                                        Page 46 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/24/15
