                             MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add “permitted and” to Section e) in the
Motion.

Ms. Nanda reported the Hearing Officer found that if the mobile home
originally contained two bedrooms, then the rental subsidy should be
calculated for two bedrooms. If the mobile home originally contained one
bedroom, the rental subsidy should be calculated for one bedroom.

Vice Mayor Schmid stated there could be some permitted additions to a one
bedroom unit.

Council Member Scharff understood a one bedroom unit with a permitted
addition was counted as a two bedroom unit.

Ms. Nanda concurred.

Council Member DuBois wished to clarify timing. Section (c) of the Motion
did not specify a time period for the Hearing Officer to make a
determination.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add “within thirty days or as soon as practical
thereafter,” to Section c) in the Motion.

Ms. Stump reported Staff would draft language such as "to the extent
practicable" or "will make all reasonable efforts." The Hearing Officer would
not know the number of matters he would have to review.

Council Member DuBois wanted to impose a time limit because the parties
were given time limits. He suggested Section (d) provide disabled residents
with a time period in which they could submit written objections, similar to
the language of Section (c).

Ms. Stump would need to hear from both parties, because actual expenses
were negotiated and perhaps paid on a "pay as you go" basis for needed
expenditures for those individuals.

Council Member DuBois expressed concern that handicapped residents had
no process to object.

Ms. Stump understood the amount could not be determined and paid in a
lump sum or in advance. Relocation assistance for handicapped residents
depended on documented, actual expenditures. The Hearing Officer found


                                                                       Page 27 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
