                          TRANSCRIPT
where's the teeth in our Ordinance.       Because now there are some
applications where any comments presented by the HRB to an applicant,
some of those recommendations are voluntary, whether they are put into
place. This also ties into Board Member Bunnenberg's comment about how
do we get the incentives so attractive that that becomes an actionable
application. In Chapter 18 of the Municipal Code, there are maybe, I don't
know, 14 or 18 different exceptions you can apply for if you have a historic
property. As Mr. Weintraub mentioned, there are limitations on where some
of those incentives can be applied. One of the recommendations about
make the economic development incentives more widely available to
property owners, Mr. Weintraub mentioned specifically Categories 3 and 4.
The basic question is how can the HRB assist the Council in achieving some
of these recommendations to become applicable. As probably we're all very
aware, our challenge is how do we implement the goals of the Historic
Preservation Ordinances.     Again, through incentives that can become
sometimes an automatic response for an applicant. May I give an example
of an incentive?

Mayor Holman: Briefly, and then I'm going to go to Chair Kohler to wrap up
the Board's thoughts.

Mr. Bernstein: Briefly, one of the application incentives is, it's mentioned on
one of our handouts, an applicant can apply for 250 square feet additional
square footage beyond what's allowable, if you have a qualified historic
structure in a certain district. It costs about $300 a square foot to build that
square footage.      The instant the paint dries, the market value for a
Professorville home, for example, is about $1,100 a square foot. That's
$800 a square foot instant profit compared to demolishing the house and
building a limited square footage.          There's an example of economic
incentive.    If a developer is looking for a profit motive, for historic
preservation who cares how you get there.            Instead of teeth in the
Ordinance, let's let the incentives be a good vehicle. Thank you.

Roger Kohler, Historic Resources Board Chair: I thought I'd chime in on the
bonus situation, since I, good or bad, made it on television a week or two
ago. One of the points that I made to the CBS people was that on the house
on College, Staff and the Board had recommended that if they kept the
existing home, they would gain 250 or 300 extra square feet on the floor
area limit. Architects on the Board and builders figured out that if you
remodeled the existing house, maintained it, added the 200 or 300 extra
square feet and added a basement under all those, your gain was close to
$1 million. They just didn't quite understand that whole situation. It's
probably not clear in the Ordinance that you can get some of these pretty


                                                                           Page 8 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
