                          TRANSCRIPT
all for progress. We all are here in Palo Alto, but let's do it on a scale that's
going to be tasteful, accommodating to our neighbors. We can all just live
harmonious. This is what we're here for. Thank you very much for listening
to me.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Michaela Dieffenbach to be followed by Gerson
Bers.

Michaela Dieffenbach:      Hi, my name's Michaela Dieffenbach.          I have
Michaela's Flower Shop; you probably know us better at Stapleton's. I
worked there right out of high school. I don't even know where I'd be if I
wasn't there. My major concern with this is the alleyway. We use the
alleyway, as you can see, Valentine's Day and my partner Steve there. This
is our lifeline. Our trucks come through. Not only mine, our neighbors'.
This is where they come through. If this building takes up the alley, our
trucks—I don't know where our trucks are going to go. They have to use
this. I share it with my neighbors, the tea place, the coffee shops. We all
use this alley. We need this alley to be kept open. I can't even imagine
once this happens how many cars and trucks are going to go through this.
You can see how tiny we are. We don't have a lot of space and how we've
been doing this space forever. This is my life. I love this little flower shop.
There's not too many of these little buildings around that keep going. We
keep losing all the great things just to things like this. We need to keep it
the same in some way. I'm like JC, I'm all for change; I'm all for a little bit.
They can't take the alley away, that's my lifeline. There's got to be a way
where we can figure this out, because I can't lose my shop. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Gerson Bers to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.

Gerson Bers: Thank you. My name is Gerson Bers, and I've lived in Palo
Alto for 25 years, first at 360 Forest right around the corner. Thank you for
permitting me a few moments to speak in support of the proposed 429
University project. I've heard and considered the widely circulated concerns
against this project and do not find them compelling. The argument that it
shades the neighbor properties is a legitimate concern, but review by third-
party consultants have determined that is not a realistic concern. The
argument that the project was too large was an early concern, but time after
time after time it's evolved 'til the project now with third and fourth floor
setbacks that reduce the mass from University and Kipling on a pedestrian
scale. The argument that it replace important historic buildings has been
reviewed and set aside by highly qualified consultants. The argument that
the project overwhelms the older homes on Kipling is interesting. The block
in question sits between University and Lytton. Between these two streets
are the most dense and important commercial development corridor in Palo

                                                                             Page 13 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
