                         TRANSCRIPT
think I was one of the ones advocating for looking at moving some of that
housing closer to transit. I think some smaller, like, studio apartments
which we really don't have much of it, makes sense. I think we should have
that discussion soon.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I guess in broad perspective, I think I
would support the existing vision plan over what the PTC recommended. I
think that's one of the decisions we need to make tonight. Hopefully we'll
get back to actually making those decisions. Are we going to use the
existing vision statement? What it's going to look like in that? I'm quite
happy with the way it is. I think it's served us well since 1998, which is a
really long time. Also, I think the existing goals are fairly good goals.
Maybe there could be some tweaking, but I actually think all of the existing
goals are good. That brings me back to the organizational structure. I think
we should stick with the organizational structure we had in the existing
Comp Plan. I think it's much easier for the public to understand it. It's
much easier for us to make and look at changes. I see no real advantage
to, frankly, going where the PTC had gone on that. I would basically keep
the structure of the existing Comp Plan the way it is. I think we can tweak
some of the goals if people what to do that. I actually think as a backbone,
they're all fairly good, and we should keep it pretty much the way it is. I
feel that way about the vision statement, frankly. I think we could have a
tendency—I was looking over this where it said, "integrate concepts of the
urban forest and canopy into our built environment." I actually did like that
a lot. On the other hand, I think we could all add something we really like a
lot, and it's already pretty long. I think we have to be a little concerned
about the tendency to make things a little too long. I think it's good the way
it is. I think I wanted to address just briefly this notion that you wouldn't
want software development Downtown. I frankly think that's crazy. I think
the existing software development are the ones that have 40 percent of
people taking transit. You fill it up with lawyers; they're not the ones taking
transit. They're driving their cars into town frankly. I think when you look
at that—when you look at talking about wanting young people Downtown,
that's all software development. If we think back of why we had zoning, we
had zoning for manufacturing and R&D in a different area because of the
impacts of chemicals they use, of the manufacturing, of the noise, because
they actually manufactured stuff. Software development is an office use.
It's like what difference does it make if someone's writing code or if they're
writing legal briefs. It's the same thing. I just don't get why we would
possibly want to do that. I do think if the issue is that we feel that a large
software company is taking over all of our Downtown, I think we have to
remember that we had Facebook who took over a lot of our Downtown.
                                                                        Page 61 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
