                         TRANSCRIPT
thinking through unintended side effects. I mean, new technologies appear.
I think a couple of the Tier 2 sites are hospitals. Again, I think there could
be even biotech applications that use toxic substances. As long as they were
a sufficient distance inside our industrial zone with proper safety
mechanisms, I think that's some businesses that we might be interested in.
I'm just concerned that an outright ban is too restrictive. I would offer a
friendly amendment instead of just prohibit it, to direct Staff to review the
Tier 3 restrictions and suggest improvements in the ordinance when they
bring it back.

Council Member Scharff: I actually asked Staff if they do come up with
anything that seems Tier 3 that we might want to consider, they bring it
back to us. At the moment, I'd like them to prohibit it.

Council Member DuBois:       I guess I would offer that as an unfriendly
amendment.

Mayor Holman: As a separate amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid to replace in the Motion, “that Staff be directed to prohibit Tier 3
uses” with “Staff to review Tier 3 use restrictions and suggest improvements
in the Ordinance when it returns to Council.”

Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak any further to your amendment,
Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Now we're on the amendment. I did have some
questions about ...

Mayor Holman: The amendment only.

Council Member DuBois: ... the original ordinance. On the amendment
itself, again, I just think we're not really thinking through unintended
consequences of an outright ban. We do have industrial zones that are set
up for this purpose.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, do you care to speak to your second?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to support the notion that we do want to explore
consequences before making a serious recommendation. I think it makes
sense to investigate.
                                                                           Page 76 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
