                          TRANSCRIPT
Michael Ross, Ross Drulis Cusenbery Architecture, Inc.: Good evening,
Madam Mayor and Members of the Council. I'm Michael Ross, principal at
Ross, Drulis, Cusenbery Architecture.         I've had the good fortune and
opportunity to work on this project for a number of years. With that, I have
a memory of the project and knowledge of the project. Tonight I have also
fresh eyes about the project. I also bring lessons learned from other
projects. To answer your question about parking, the parking is going to be
subject to the program verification process that we will begin this effort just
like the building is. To Jim's point, that's one of the things that's going to be
a driver of the site. What did we learn before? The efforts that came before
us really helped us understand this building. At 44,848 square feet, it's a
compact Public Safety Building. How do we know that? Because we actually
designed it twice, all the way down to every workstation, every locker, every
piece of equipment, the EOC, the 911 consoles and everything. We really
understand it in a very detailed manner. We tested the program not only
against the mathematics of it, but also against the actual floor plate, the
program stacking and on some pretty tight sites. One of the things that I
was pleased about through that effort is we found we can make sites that
appear relatively small, say 1 1/2 acres or so up to around 3 acres, that the
program could be flexible and would fit all those sites.

Council Member DuBois: You're getting to where I was trying to go with my
question. Is there an assumption about how many stories the building
would be?

Mr. Ross: We worked with the Jay Paul Group as a consultant to them and
resolved and reconciled some of the issues that were on that site. It's a
1.75 acre site. It has a combination of basement parking and surface
parking. The parking demand for the Public Safety facility was based on
double shift overlap. That's how you start getting this larger number. You
have two shifts coming and parking at the same time as well as visitors as
well as special events. We sized that 114 number that way.

Council Member DuBois: How many stories was that?

Mr. Ross: It was three stories over a basement. One of the things that
drives the stacking of a building like this, stacking means the functional work
groups are on the first floor, second floor and third floor, is that as you make
a denser program, a three-story building, when you start applying the need
for sustainable design and LEED, one of the things that you want to do is
bring natural light deep into the building if you can. All of these buildings
that we designed that were more compact, we also had a light well down the
middle. That's being charged against the 44,848 square feet as well. In
that regard, it was very efficient.

                                                                          Page 43 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
