                         TRANSCRIPT
time, energy, effort you put into this. Just know that we are all grateful and
appreciate what you do. I want to reflect on two other things. Your Minutes
are extraordinarily helpful.    Have you noticed that our Minutes have
changed? Probably if you've heard us or talked to us or anything, you know
that Tom and I have had trouble going to action Minutes, because you will
not see what we have said unless you request the verbatim Minutes. I'll
probably continue to ride this theme, because going without sense Minutes
has really troubled me. It's very hard for us to go back. I think it must be
very hard for you to go back as well. One more thing that may sound flip,
but it isn't. I think you will notice there's a gender problem up here. It
looks to me as though I'm seeing a lot of guys, and I'm seeing about three
women. I think that's too bad. I think women really do bring a very
different perspective to serving in government. Not that the men don't do a
great job; that's not the question. I think one of the things you look for in
government and governance is some kind of diversity. We're not seeing
much of that. For anyone who's listening, watching or whatever, when we
have another opening, it would be certainly advantageous, I think, to have
another woman. I don't have any more comments than that, other than I
enjoy watching what you do. Marc, you talked a little about being on the
same page; I don't always want Planning and Transportation to be on the
same page. Your goal, I hope, is to come to conclusions that make sense
for you, pass them on to us, and we're the ones who get to vote in the end.
You're the advisory board. We have to vote, and we have to take the heat
for whatever that vote is.       I really appreciate your being frank and
straightforward with what you tell us. Thanks. Thanks again for all your
service.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Let me try to give a little bit more historical context
to this. Council Member Wolbach said he has spoken with someone who'd
been a former Council Member and Planning Commissioner. I've dealt with
Planning Commission as a neighborhood leader, as nine years as a Planning
Commissioner, as eight years as a Council Member, on a real regular basis
for over 20 years. I've observed the different make-ups of Commissions,
the ways in which they function, when they function well, when they function
less well, but that hasn't been very common. Over that course of time both
as a Council Member in who I helped appoint to the Commission and as a
Commissioner where I served and as a member of the public, I've thought
that it is very valuable for the Commission to represent a range of
perspectives in the community.        I've supported one or more of the
Commissioners here because I wanted an additional perspective on the
Commission even if I didn't necessarily agree with the bulk of that. That is
really different from what we've been experiencing as of late through the
                                                                          Page 51 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
