                          TRANSCRIPT
scope. With all the improvements, Carl, you know this as well as anybody,
with all the improvements to Caltrain that are currently in the line and
almost fully funded, if the economy continues to stay as strong or even half
as strong as it is, ridership will exceed that capacity very quickly. I mean,
that's not a long-term solution. We really do need to—and I think we as a
Palo Alto City Council and I think other city councils along the Peninsula are
getting very serious about the necessity for fully grade separating and
preferably trenching Caltrain up and down the corridor as a way to address
our transportation needs for the next century. I'm not going to poke at
specific things. I don't necessarily think that that's the purpose of this
meeting. I think Council Member Burt used another word that we're going
to be looking at very closely which is proportionality. I think you could
argue that the residents in Palo Alto and other cities in north county have
been very generous and supportive of projects that might not necessarily
directly affect us. We're now at the point where there are too many projects
that we need to do that do directly affect us. We need to be very judicious
about how we kind of deploy our resources and what we ask our residents to
fund to address the really serious challenges that we have. I think it's great
that we're starting this conversation earlier. I appreciate the city tour you're
doing, even though you should talk to your scheduler about the Gilroy to
Palo Alto night. You're hearing from us that we really want to make sure
that there are plenty of resources in the tax measure to address the
challenges that we have up here, at the tippy-top north of the county.
That's what we'll be looking for moving forward.

Mr. Guardino: Your points are well taken, Council Member Berman. Thank
you. A couple of points. When I mentioned BIG and the "G", geographic
balance so that we have traffic relief improvements throughout the county,
that's why we've been stressing that word and that letter. You called it
proportionality; that's fine too. I don't think it sings like big, but we could
call it BIP if you prefer. Something that hasn't come up, the Board of
Supervisors asked me to come in a couple of weeks ago. Many of you have
mentioned Supervisor Simitian as well. He, from the podium, said "Mr.
Guardino, I love BART, but we need"—I think his was county-wide traffic
relief. I still like the "G" better, but we need that—"Could you and your
companies be comfortable with a cap on the amount of funds in today's
dollars for the local remaining share of BART?" He provided a number based
on VTA's stated estimates. I said publicly there, I'll say it publicly now, yes,
that's a very reasonable request. He had mentioned 25 percent. The
answer is yes. BART to Santa Clara County, stations in Milpitas, San Jose
and Santa Clara, will take additional State and Federal funds just as major
grade separations will take additional regional, State, Federal, local funds.
Having a cap, clearly defined, is something we're quite comfortable with.
We all need to go and get those other regional, State and Federal funds both
                                                                         Page 82 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
