                         TRANSCRIPT
for new members to serve in a wide range of roles from helping during
floods to staffing our Medical Reserve Corps.        For more information,
cityofpaloalto.org/emergencyvolunteers.  Finally, Board and Commission
recruitment update from the City Clerk. There are two more days to apply
for several vacancies on the Architectural Review Board, the Parks and
Recreation Commission as well as the Planning and Transportation
Commission. The deadline to apply is August 26th at 5:30 P.M., so email
Deputy City Clerk David Carnahan at david.carnahan@cityofpaloalto.org or
call 650-329-2571 for more information. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Holman: If I might add just quickly one thing which is that the
community has been so responsive to the drought that our trees are
experiencing some stress. While we're being conservative on water use,
don't be too stingy with watering trees because they do need to have water.
We are losing some trees. Be mindful of when you see trees under stress at
your curb or on your own property that they do need a good drink. You'll be
seeing more information about this soon.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: We have a lot of people who have come this evening to
keep us company. I'm sure that's why you're here, keep us company and
make sure that we do a good job this evening. We also have some visitors
from Troop 87 sitting on the front row, who are here working on their
communications badge who will be with us for a while this evening. Before
you leave, if you'd see the City Clerk, you'll get a City pen as well for your
efforts and participation this evening.        With that, speaking to Oral
Communications, we have 17 speakers. According to our rules, if Oral
Communications speakers total more than 30 minutes, then we can cut the
time to two minutes. Apologies in advance for that, but we have 17
speakers as I say. When you hear your name called—I'll call names two at a
time—if you can come to the front, that will help expedite the speaker
sequence.

Ken Horowitz: Thank you. Good evening. I just want to make a couple of
comments about last Monday night's meeting. I was wanting to speak about
the CAC, but I faded out at 11:45 that night. I wanted to make a suggestion
that maybe if the meetings draw so long that maybe a second Oral
Communications could be at like 11:30 for people that don't have to stay
until 1:29. You have in your packet an excellent letter from Kate Downing.
That was what I was going to raise. I'm glad that Council Member Wolbach
brought this up. This is an advisory committee, and we don't need to do
personal attacks on people. In one of the blogs, there was a comment
regarding our City Manager, Jim Keene. I just want to say that we all need

                                                                          Page 5 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
