                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Figone: My recommendation would be—clearly we would need to look at
schedules and vacations and all of that. If we could launch and receive
online information back before you go on recess, so that it can be reviewed.
That could even be the CAOs' self-evaluation. So that the one-on-one
interviews with the Council is what's happening in August. Everything else
that that's put together with is done; we can be drafting and actually move
into September as the start of the conversations.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I certainly would be in favor of that.                     (inaudible)
interest of my colleagues.

Council Member Kniss: I think Deb can promote that. As a former city
manager, I think you get it about how you put all this together. That makes
a big difference. I agree with you, Greg, letting that much time go by. It'll
take some real discipline on our part to come together on that.

Chair Burt: As I'm going back to Page 6 and looking at these four elements,
the CAO self-assessments also have got the end of the fiscal year mad rush.
That would be tough for them to do before that. They might be able to do it
during our break or shortly thereafter. I'd be interested in hearing that
feedback when we hear from them. I can see the Council online survey—
maybe we should hear from colleagues. We're saying when we get our
break, that's the time that we get a break in the action and can actually
address something like this. July might be actually a preferred time to do
some of that.

Ms. Figone: That was the idea in this year's schedule. I think we had a
pretty reasonable schedule once we got the process on track. I will say that
the process really didn't start stabilizing until about mid-July.

Council Member Berman: Which is when we came back from break.

Ms. Figone: What I mean by stabilizing is we know where we're going, we
got through some of the challenges of startup. We really started getting
productive mid-July. The schedule that we mapped out worked. I think
what I would just say—it's not a criticism—by then it was too late to really
secure dates on the calendar. Vacations were set, unanticipated (crosstalk).
Life happens. To the degree, even if we're trying to shorten it up and
factored in—you're right. That yearend dash, all people have in mind is get
out of here.

Chair Burt: We got started late just because the contract got started late. I
think part of our falling behind on securing the dates was just our kickoff
was late. This year I could certainly see that the dates all get locked down
in June. The CAO self-assessment and the Council Member online surveys
                                                                                   Page 21 of 39
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                            Transcript: 12/16/15
