                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: I'll speak to it, and then come to the City Manager. A
couple or three things here. I'll keep this as brief as possible. I mentioned
earlier that the letter that the 11 cities are signing onto made no reference
to a ballot measure. That was specific and intentional because, as Council
Member Berman has said, the process is a really bad one. It's a really,
really, really bad one. There was strong emphasis placed on a study. They
have it seems like support enough now to get a ballot initiative on the ballot
and passed. It focuses a lot on pothole repair, which all the cities in the
room acknowledge is not going to solve any kind of major transportation
issues. It'll get somebody to punch the card the way that they want it to,
but it's not going to solve transportation issues. Again, that's why the
prioritization for the study on that. I can anticipate that there would be
more cooperation and other communications with the other cities. One of
the things that's on the presentation and elsewhere too, Slide 19, is
"September 2015 establish evaluation criteria for Envision ballot measure."
That also is like when do we get to weigh in on that, because so much of the
money is spent. I've gotten various comments on this from various people
with various levels of expertise and authority.         A lot of the money,
depending on who you listen to, is going to be determined based on housing
density. We don't have housing density; we have jobs density, which is a
very effective way of mass transit getting people moved toward and away
from the jobs. Not just the housing. Prioritization, I agree that probably our
top priority ought to be trenching Caltrain. If you look at the dollars
associated with that, are the high dollar amounts for that trenching going to
just automatically like bounce this out of consideration depending on how
the prioritization is done. Just to pick a number, it's like $1 million to
underground one crossing, to do one grade crossing. If we put that out
there, is that either the only thing we're going to get or we won't get
anything that's our prioritization because of how much it costs. I wish I
could be more positive, but it's actually a negative perspective I have on this
whole thing. Does that really leave us at putting everything we want in the
pot and then coming back later? Council Member Wolbach, you were at that
VTA meeting. Is there an opportunity to come back later and prioritize our
projects? That's not seeming to be what we can do, but it would be certainly
preferable. City Manager, you had something else to say?

Mr. Keene: Yes. I'm certainly sympathetic to the thrust of the Council's
comments. I mean I think there's no doubt in a lot of ways that we're being
forced to play a game in which the cards have been stacked against us in a
lot of ways. Even the whole process of the way the one group does the
polling and structures the questions and uses the data, and then potentially
puts together a package, it sort of is expedient and made to politically work.
                                                                        Page 90 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
