                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: Correct.

Council Member Burt: On page 15, the upper right table. It was interesting
that the gas energy efficiency program, the expenditures have dropped a
little bit in the last couple of years. They had risen from 2008 through 2013
and then dropped in '14. The percentage savings improved. I don't know if
Val might have some insight on this. We also had less gas usage. I was
assuming that that's most of all related to warm winters. On the surface,
this number looked great to me. Are we getting a much better return for
the investment we're making in trying to help people have gas energy
efficiency or is this a byproduct of a couple of warm seasons?

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director: Valerie Fong, Utilities Director. Thank you,
Council Member Burt. In terms of the reduction, you're seeing some
benefits from our home energy reports. We find those to be fairly effective.
You can't not continue them because these are behavioral programs that
people forget. Other than that, while we keep them current, we seem to be
getting good response.

Council Member Burt: If we see those trends continue especially—Val, if you
might wait. I've got questions for you on the next page. If we get a colder
winter, I should say a normal winter this coming year, yet we see that
almost 1 1/3 percent efficiency savings, that will be nice. On the following
page, page 17, or two pages later, we have the responsive and interruptions
and disruptions on electricity, gas and water. We see that gas has stayed,
we'll call it roughly the same in recent years in terms of total customers
affected. We had electricity at its lowest number of both minutes affected
and number of interruptions within a ten-year period, and water the last two
years at their highest. Are there any first-cut explanations of why those
patterns exist?

Ms. Fong: Particularly, you're focusing on the water?

Council Member Burt: No, I'm looking at all three. Why is the water higher
and why is the electricity lower? Those two, I should say.

Ms. Fong: We'll address the water first. We have Dave Yuan, our Senior
Management Analyst here. It has to do with how we counted things for the
water.

David Yuan, Senior Management Analyst: Dave Yuan. For the water side,
we started using Topobase, our GIS system, to track water leaks. Now
they're tracking every little leak that comes out. Before, it was all paper
trail. It was only major leaks.

                                                                       Page 16 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
