                          TRANSCRIPT
single-story overlay combining district for the 113 contiguously located
properties in our neighborhood.      We intend to submit this application
tomorrow morning and eagerly await tonight's decision. I am also speaking
on behalf of the other neighborhoods working towards single-story overlay
protection from intense development pressures. They are here tonight.
Nice to see everybody. The work we are doing is very important to us and
to Palo Alto. We are here to ensure applications for a single-story overlay or
SSOs are not assessed a zone change fee. We believe the fee in question is
intended for a single development project attempting to alter a zone for
developmental purposes in which they would realize a significant financial
gain. We believe the fee was never intended for assessment on an entire
neighborhood, and we understand none of the prior 12 SSO applications in
Palo Alto were assessed this fee. Tonight we are urging you to do the right
thing for Palo Alto and eliminate this fee. Should this decision follow the
Staff recommendation that applications be submitted via the Planning and
Transportation Committee with no fee, we would ask for the timely
consideration and processing of these applications by the Planning and
Transportation Commission. We are also urging you to act tonight on the
Staff recommendation to appoint resources toward other forms of
neighborhood conservation in the near future. We are here to help. Eichler
neighborhoods are a significant part of the architectural heritage of Palo Alto
and California. Hence, it would be in the City's interest to facilitate their
protection by these actions. We are asking you to please do this tonight, so
that we may submit our application tomorrow morning.

Richard Willits: I want to enforce that we would like it if you could eliminate
the fee and help us to protect Eichler neighborhoods. Both Leah's tract and
several other tracts which are developing their SSO applications are going to
be ready to go. No more than five.

Robert Hinden: I'm Robert Hinden; I live in an Eichler on Murray Way, Palo
Alto. I also support the Staff recommendation to waive the fees as has been
stated earlier.

Dorianne Moss: My name is Dorianne Moss. I am a resident in one of the
developments that is seeking an SSO. I've been very active recently
gathering signatures for such an effort. I wanted to speak to the fact that
gathering signatures is a democratic action. I don't think a fee should be
charged for exercising our democratic actions. We are not seeking to
benefit. We are a group of citizens coming to act together, not a single
developer seeking to benefit monetarily from such a change.

David Hammond: Name is David Hammond. I apologize for the delay. Just
wanted to reiterate in the letter that I sent to the Council is that it is urgent.

                                                                            Page 47 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/29/15
