                          TRANSCRIPT
you with those at this point, but I can tell you the stakeholder group has got
to dig into these issues in a nonlinear fashion. We can't go from one hurdle,
solve that completely, go to the next hurdle, solve that one completely
without thinking through all these things systematically. I'm going to give
my full effort and so are the other five residents to the stakeholder group.
We're going to meet Wednesday. We're going to have to meet again this
month, because our agenda is bigger than we can handle. I hope you will
help us with that. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Michael Hodos.

Michael Hodos: Thank you, Council Members. I thought I'd take this
opportunity to say a bit more or a bit different slightly about what Neilson
just spoke about. Actually this is a few words and a request about the
recently announced enforcement delay for RPP. I personally think it's
outrageous that the decision of some members of the business community
to delay participation—sorry—delay participation in the Business Registry
should be allowed to delay the RPP implementation process. They made the
decision; let them live with the consequences until their employees put
enough pressure on them to do the right thing so the employees can
purchase permits to park in the neighborhoods. In fact, that was the
intention at the outset, wasn't it? In any event, from where I sit I see three
reasons to account for the lower than anticipated number of permits
purchased by Downtown workers to date. One is it's natural for people to
delay. They're being asked to pay for something that they've gotten for free
for years, decades actually. Now, they're being asked to pay for it. Of
course, they're going to wait to spend the money. The second is, as I'm
sure most of you are aware, the permit purchase application process that
people have been expected to use is unquestionably abysmal. Why should a
cadre of people be required to handle the process? Is it reasonable to
expect the Downtown employees to stand in line during their workday to get
a permit? It's absolutely ridiculous. Finally, isn't it entirely possible that RPP
is working exactly as it was intended? Yesterday morning at 8:30, my wife
and I took a walk to Pete's. I live in Professorville, on the 900 block of
Bryant Street. There wasn't a car on Channing. There were very few cars
on Bryant, very few cars on Lincoln, very few cars on Ramona, and not a car
parked on Addison. Normally at that time of the morning, the cars would be
bumper-to-bumper, and there wouldn't be a space left. It makes you think
that perhaps those who have been parking for free and obviously hadn't
gotten the word of the delay in the enforcement of the program had begun
to explore other viable options for parking. Perhaps all those people that
have been parking free for years finally woke up to the fact that they were
going to have do something about it. In short, going forward please direct
the Planning Department to allocate whatever resources are necessary to
                                                                           Page 7 of 101
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/15/15
