In talking with the City Manager, we will be re-engaging and expanding meetings
with neighboring communities to engage in regional issues such as emergency
preparation, traffic and housing issues including State Density Bonus laws, to identify
common needs and mutual interests for putting into place some potential partnerships.
And based on some earlier conversations, I think there is good promise.

As we go forward, again supporting stewardship in our community, this year we will be
looking for new ways to retain our 100+ year-old Animal Services in Palo Alto.

On Sunday, March 22 going along with the Council’s Healthy Cities, Healthy
Communities priority there will be an event launched from City Hall Plaza:
Heart Across America. Sean Maloney, whom some of you may know as a Silicon
Valley executive who was victim of a stroke in 2009, has recovered to such an extent
that he is leading a cross-country ride from Palo Alto to New York City. The ride is to
raise awareness of stroke and heart attack prevention. I encourage you to come as
there will be numerous health booths with information and services.

The Council recently passed two motions: one to consider a minimum wage and
another to sign a resolution asking CALPERS, the entity that manages the City’s
retirement funds, to divest its holdings in fossil fuel companies.

As you can see the Council has already been very busy.



If you subscribe to the notion that there is nothing new under the sun, that there is
nothing truly novel, then every new idea has some sort of precedent or echo from the
past, linking the Steward and Entrepreneur.
Seldom do we have second chances to get it right.

This compels us to do our best and to encourage the same in others.

To see that Palo Alto continues to be:

• The kind of town that you want to live in

• The kind of town that reflects your values

• The kind of town that makes you proud

• That observes your right to be heard and to be considered

• That preserves our open spaces and addresses traffic and housing

• That supports diversity of both businesses and residents


                                         – 25 of 27 – 
