                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump suggested the Council first determine whether it wished Staff to
focus on the tax issue prospectively. Looking backwards would be a second
step, because that involved homeowners or renters who legitimately claimed
they were unaware of the obligation. Retroactive collection involved many
issues such as gathering information that would allow Staff to collect the
TOT, collecting the TOT efficiently, and equity issues.

Council Member DuBois asked if Staff was aware of the period of
retroactivity San Francisco utilized. Retroactive collection could make efforts
worthwhile.

Ms. Stump explained that there would be a statute of limitations of one to
three years.

Council Member DuBois indicated this issue was not a high priority except for
egregious abuses. More and more cities were collecting TOT from short-
term rentals. The City could be deemed irresponsible for not collecting TOT
when other cities were collecting TOT.

Council Member Wolbach was concerned about Staff spending time on this
issue. If a black market addressed a serious need for housing, it would be
logical to bring reasonable components of the black market to the open
market and to prohibit those components incompatible with residential
neighborhoods. The issue should be a low priority for Staff. The City could
explore methods to incentivize below-market rental rates or longer-term
rentals. The Council would be remiss if it did not attempt to accommodate
the need for short-term housing. Perhaps the City should require an absent
resident to register his renter. The City should enforce complaints of noise,
garbage, parking, and crime. Negative impacts to neighborhoods rather
than cost recovery should be the primary factor in developing and enforcing
an Ordinance.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff could easily collect the TOT from
Airbnb.

Ms. Stump advised that the situation was fluid. Airbnb had changed its
approach over the past several months. Staff was just beginning discussions
with Airbnb, because the new tax language became effective recently. Staff
hoped collection of the TOT from Airbnb would not be labor intensive.

Council Member Berman felt the City could emulate systems created by
other municipalities.

Ms. Stump hoped Airbnb would be interested in collecting the TOT through
its software, which Staff believed was possible.

03/09/2015                                                              117- 66
