                         TRANSCRIPT
to. Before we were relying on a single rain gauge in Foothills Park; now we
have four rain gauges. This purple line is the boundaries of the watershed.
Now you see we have four rain gauges on the upper part of the watershed
across the full width of the watershed. In addition, we now have access to
stream flow data from three gauges here that measure the water flow in San
Francisquito. That gives us an hour and 45 minutes advance notice of
what—when we add these together, each of these circles is on one of the
tributaries of the creek, and they all combine at this point and reach down
the Bay. By adding together these actual flow rates that we're measuring at
these upper watershed areas, we can predict an hour and 45 minutes ahead
of time what's going to happen down at Pope-Chaucer. We have even
longer before it gets to Highway 101. I want to real quickly show you the
website. Here's the website, the early warning system. What you'll see
here, this website is based on a Google Maps map of the area. We focus on
these four points which are four existing bridges that are bottlenecks in the
creek system. We have Highway 101 here. We have University Avenue
here. We have the Pope-Chaucer here. We have Middlefield Road here.
The website is based on the concept of green, yellow, red as easily intuitive
colors. Green is everything's good; yellow is caution; red is warning. What
we do is we measure that creek flow uphill in the upper watershed, and we
have two trigger points for each of the bridges. We have the flood watch
stage, and we have the flood warning stage. The flood watch stage occurs
when the amount of flow at those upper watershed gauges equals 60
percent of the capacity at any one of these points. When we measure that
flow, then these green circles turn to yellow as a caution that there's a slug
of water coming down here that equals 60 percent of the capacity of that
particular spot. The flood warning stage is the red stage, and that's enacted
when we measure flow in the creek that equals or exceeds the full capacity
of one of these points and means that there's going to be flooding occurring.
Let me show you some of the other tabs real quickly. This tab is to receive
alerts. This is where one can sign up to either receive text messages or
email messages anytime any one of those dots turns from either green to
yellow, meaning we're in the flood watch stage, or turns from yellow to red,
meaning we're going into the flood warning stage. You just enter either
your phone for text or your email address for email alerts. This is where you
can report a problem. You place your email address and where you are and
you tell what the problem is. You can also upload photos of things that you
see in the field, and those will be conveyed to emergency responders for
response. This background data is a place where one can go back and see
more detailed information about what's happening at each of those rainfall
gauges and each of those stream flow gauges up in the upper watershed.
The "about" tab just talks about the website, what it does, how it's put
together and what it means when you look at the various maps and colors.
Lastly, there's a link to our own City creek monitor site that enables you to
                                                                       Page 28 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
