                          TRANSCRIPT
is used in terms of the recruitment process. If that had been followed as I
believe it should have, I don't know which two of the three people you
appointed would have met at their first meeting today at noon. You can't
undo what you've done, but the appropriate thing that should have been
done was to fill the two vacancies that were recruited for with advertising
and that the public knew were available, and then have a separate
recruitment following Chapter 2.16 of the Municipal Code for Commissioner
Chang's position. There may have been people who didn't feel a need to
apply because they thought Commissioner Chang was still going to be on the
Commission. If they had known that her position was going to be available,
they would have applied for it. Thank you.

Study Session

1.    Potential Topics of Discussion for the Joint Study Session with the
      Historic Resources Board.

Matthew Weintraub, Planner: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council
Members, Chair Kohler and Historic Resource Board Members. I'm Matthew
Weintraub, Planner and Staff liaison to the Historic Resources Board. I'll
spend about five minutes presenting some ...

Mayor Holman: Maybe you want to wait just a moment until the Chambers
are clear, so you're not distracted. Thank you.

Mr. Weintraub: Thank you. The Historic Resources Board or HRB is the
City's expert body to provide advice in historic preservation matters. Under
the City's Code, the Board makes recommendations to the Council on
proposed designations to the City's Historic Inventory and provides design
advice to the Architectural Review Board, City Staff and property owners. In
reviewing historic compatibility, the Board uses the Secretary of the Interior
Standards for Rehabilitation which are provided by the National Park Service.
The Rehabilitation Standards were adopted by the Council in 1987. The
Board is also an important component of Palo Alto's status as a Certified
Local Government or CLG by the California Office of Historic Preservation or
OHP.     CLG status allows Palo Alto to benefit from OHP's information
databases and technical expertise as well as to apply for federal funds to
carry out preservation projects such as surveys and design guidelines. In
terms of application review, the Board reviews building permits involving
structures that are listed in the City's Historic Inventory which categorizes
structures as exceptional, major and contributing based on a numerical
rating system. The Board's purview is exterior architecture as well as the
visual relationships of structures and sites within locally designated historic
districts. The City's Historic Inventory includes a total of 411 individual

                                                                          Page 5 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
