                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: With this second paragraph that David's typing, are we looking to
codify this language as part of the ordinance?

Mayor Holman: Yes. That's again trying to provide the transparency.

Mr. Lait: I might want to just think about it for a moment. Let me ask this
question. Is the decision document that we produce, what we call a record
of land use action, an appropriate forum for that or is it the Staff Report?
We may not have a Staff Report for everything. For, like, a conditional use
permit, for instance, which goes to the Director, there's no Staff Report
that's prepared for that unless it's appealed. I don't know that Staff Report
is what you want to tie it to if you're interested in that. Basically that would
be ARB.

Mayor Holman: Good point. If you can up with a better vehicle that would
carry that.

Mr. Lait: I think it would be when a decision on a project is made that
requires a formal written interpretation.

Mr. Keene: Doesn't that happen automatically now anyway?

Mayor Holman: Huh-uh.

Council Member Wolbach:      If I might? I'm not going to accept the
amendment. Happy to hear thoughts about it. Might vote for it, but I think
it should be a separate amendment.

Mayor Holman: Do you have any suggestion, Jonathan, on how to capture
this?

Ms. Silver: My understanding of the intent of this amendment is that you
want to try to provide a better way of noticing the public when an
interpretation is made. We can tweet it, we can put it on our website, that
requires the public to go to the website every day. If people are tracking
particular projects, I think it's appropriate for them to be noticed through
the standard channels. If that is an ARB decision that is ultimately approved
by the Director, we have a process for notifying people. If it is a Director's
decision that is appealed to the Council, that will be highlighted in the Staff
Report that goes to the Council. The Council, of course, can override that
interpretation. We're not going to limit you to the Staff's interpretation.
Perhaps what we are looking for is just the underlying notice to the public
that goes out on the entitlement, whether it's a record of land use action or
a Director's decision.


                                                                         Page 70 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
