                          TRANSCRIPT
preservation overlays. They're all kind of the same ilk, but applied in
different manners. Vice Mayor Schmid mentioned historic neighborhoods.
Clearly an Eichler consideration would not cover all of that. We don't have
even a conservation overlay in Professorville; everything's voluntary except
for demolition, which you've heard me speak about the loopholes in that.
The Comprehensive Plan is an appropriate way to address these concerns.
The Individual Review does have some failings that have been identified
according to a number of people. The three people who were—one doesn't
live here anymore—involved previously in the Individual Review
recommendations should be consulted at a minimum. Also recognizing that
what they were considering was a different program.                It wasn't a
conservation or preservation overlay, so understanding that. Having to do
with incentives, again to Vice Mayor Schmid's comment, there are a number
of incentives for historic properties, but they're a little bit hard to find. I
think Staff's looking to get those more organized and more findable, if you
will, in the City's website. It's probably time to return to Council Member
Kniss, who was ready to make a motion, wanting to make a motion.

James Keene, City Manager:       I'd like to speak either before or when the
motion is placed.

Mayor Holman: Go for it.

Mr. Keene: I have a little bit of an objection with where we are. This is an
item that just came up last week or the week before. We haven't clarified
what we're trying to do, let alone what it will take to do it. We talked first of
all about other neighborhood preservation approaches. We've talked about
design guidelines. We've talked about Eichler-specific approaches. We've
talked about looking at the IR process. We've talked about four or five
different things without clarifying the underlying objective. To me it could
be broad, like neighborhood quality and how does that manifest in some
different ways. To me, that would be an integral part of the discussion
during the Comp Plan. What are the strategies and approaches that we
need to have to be sure that we do that? It's not very effective use of the
Staff resources. It assumes that we have Staff sitting around waiting for
something to do, and this is filling the gap. They're already behind schedule
and over-programmed. In these planning areas, we need to have some
break and not commit and say, "We'll come back and tell you what it would
take to take this on," particularly when it's not defined. Even if we go to
Policy and Services, we could have a free-ranging discussion about all sorts
of things, and then have to come back to the Council and say, "We could do
this. It would take this. We could do this. We could take that. We could do
this. We could take that." Even when we're done, it strikes me when we
get to the Comp Plan discussion, there will be other angles on that about
                                                                           Page 56 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/29/15
