                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Smith: I've helped many candidates to run for election. I've been a
fundraiser or an organizer or done precinct work for many of you in this
room. I've worked on issues at the City level which include, with the great
assistance of Karen, asking the City Council to take a position on the death
penalty, for example. I was very active in that coalition. At that time, I was
the co-chair of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) Mid-Peninsula
which I've just moved off that position and have been on the ACLU Northern
California Board as the person who is the representative to the Board for
four years, which is a good turn. In that respect I've looked at the issues of
children in school and punishment. I'm very interested in having justice
which denies punishment and looks for solutions. I don't feel, for example,
that a child should be excluded from school or put in juvenile hall when there
might be an alternative which would be for the schools to educate and find a
way to meet up with this child and get them restored, if you will, in a more
just society. I certainly have worked hard on restorative justice. Your Police
Chief, I've talked with him and met with him and talked about restorative
justice, which I think should be the goal of the City. I know that your Police
Department does have that role. I think they've been sensitive to the needs
of children when they're acting out. My fingers are in many pies. Those are
just some examples, if you would like. I should say I have been the
President of the Fair Housing Council and was one of the first people to work
in Midpeninsula Citizens for Fair Housing. When I was first an attorney, I
had cases which we won or settled immediately when the law was explained
and people who were discriminating against someone on the basis of race
back in the late 1970s and have been working on housing equality, housing
access, this, that and the other.

Council Member Burt: Hi, Alice.

Ms. Smith: Hi, Pat.

Council Member Burt: Can you share how familiar you are with the role of
the HRC and any different directions or emphasis that you would want to see
the HRC pursue if you were on the Board?

Ms. Smith: That's a tough question for me, because I have been watching
the City Council meetings on television, but I have not watched the HRC. I
have looked through some of the back tapes, but I think I'm concerned that
sometimes issues don't come from the HRC to the City Council when they
become issues already at the City Council. In other words, it's unclear to me
that they've taken a strong position. They may well have, and I could be
ignorant on this fact. I'm not aware of their taking a leadership position on
the problems of low-income people in the town who have not had an
opportunity to have housing and take steps to go forward on various

                                                                         Page 2 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
