                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump responded yes.

Council Member Burt asked if a challenge would hold the urgency ordinance
in abeyance until a ruling could be issued or would the urgency ordinance
remain in place such that the Council could determine whether to adopt a
long-term ordinance.

Ms. Stump stated that depended on a court ruling. Legal vehicles were
available to launch a challenge quickly and to ask a court to intervene
quickly.

Council Member Burt felt the Council could move quickly as well if necessary.

Mayor Holman clarified that the Council was utilizing an urgency ordinance
because it did not require a second reading.

Ms. Stump added that an urgency ordinance did not require a second
reading, review by the PTC, or 30 days to become effective.

Mayor Holman advised that Staff was suggesting provisions that would
return as a long-term ordinance that required a majority vote and a second
reading.

Ms. Gitelman reported that Staff would return as soon as possible with an
interim ordinance based on the Council's direction.          Once the interim
ordinance was enacted, Staff would develop a long-term ordinance and
request direction regarding permanent zoning controls. Based on prior
Council direction, Staff would prioritize California Avenue.

Council Member Scharff believed the Council should adopt the urgency
ordinance as the long-term ordinance and continue to work on that. Later
the Council could adopt a second long-term ordinance to revise the first one.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Holman once
the interim ordinance is in place, Staff is to bring forward the interim
ordinance as a regular ordinance for Council adoption.          Subsequently
prioritize consideration of permanent retail protections starting with retail
uses allowed on California Avenue and boundaries of the Retail (R)
Combining District. Also prioritize an analysis of retail trends and desired
adjustments to the Ground Floor (GF) Combining District in Downtown,
followed by consideration of other commercial zones within the City.

Council Member Scharff wanted to extend the Retail Combining District to
other areas of California Avenue.



04/06/2015                                                            117- 195
