                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Richardson: It should mean that.

Council Member Burt: The way this is framed is almost as if it's a question
of it's good if we are paving a lot of potholes. Is that the way it's normally
taken? Is it viewed in these reports as a good measure that a city repairs
potholes or a bad measure?

Ms. Richardson: It's good if you repair them quickly, if you have them. It's
better to be maintaining your streets to prevent them. Again, there might
be someone from Public Works who might want to address that.

Council Member Burt: The percentage repaired within 15 days, that's a good
metric. The number of potholes to be repaired, that might be a counter-
metric.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Mike Sartor, Public Works Director.
Thank you, Council Member Burt and the rest of Council.                 These
performance measures are for two separate groups of the Public Works
Department. The potholes performance measure is a measure of our
maintenance activities in our Public Services Group.         The lane miles
resurfaced is a measure of how we're doing in our capital program for street
maintenance overall. Your comment about if you're repairing less potholes,
does that mean our streets are getting better, that's accurate. It's probably
a good way of putting it.

Council Member Burt:     Our goal is to largely put the first group out of
business.

Mr. Sartor: Yes.

Council Member Burt: My next question on this is related, but it's maybe
more for Hillary in how it's presented. By the numbers, it says that percent
of the City's total lane miles resurfaced from 2014, similar to. It says 2014.
That's probably a typo, meaning 2013. An increase by 4 percent from Fiscal
Year 2005. That's 4 percentage points. It's increased by 100 percent, which
is a big deal. If we put millions of dollars each year of an increase in our
street paving to increase our streets from where they were a half dozen
years ago to where they are now and where they're going to be in the next
few years, and we only saw a 4 percent increase, that would be money
poorly spent. We've actually seen 100 percent increase in lane miles paved
per year, and that is one of the most important metrics to the community.
It takes a while with successive years of investing more in street paving
before it starts becoming visible to the community. We're finally getting to
that point. This tells a different story from the reality. On the next page,
page 11, the trees maintained and serviced, this year for whatever reason
                                                                       Page 14 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
