                          TRANSCRIPT
election, which won't be much, but in June primary coming in '16 and
November and indefinitely into the future, when you get your vote by mail
packet, it'll say postage paid.      My hope is that that will be a small
enticement for people to actually vote by mail, that we'll get fewer of those
ballots at the last minute at the polling place. Mostly it just seemed to me it
was a way to treat the public right. The flip side of that is all of you have
been candidates, and I don't know if you've ever had this experience. I
actually have. You fill out the forms, you pay your money, and you pay for a
ballot statement. Inevitably somebody gets left out. Then the question is
what happens if you're the person whose ballot statement gets left out of
the packet. The answer is they do the best they can. They send the follow-
up to the voters in the affected area, and they get sort of a special mailing.
Of course, it's in one of those sort of manila-colored, government-looking,
not very exciting envelopes, and they get tossed out. It turns out, believe it
or not, that the people who had paid the thousands of dollars for their ballot
statement to be in the published ballot handbook were then being charged
even though their ballot statement hadn't made it into the handbook. Again,
you just ask yourself, "Is that the way you want to treat people?" The
answer is no, let's treat people right. Now, if you're one of the unfortunate
handful who get caught up in that, there's a refund there. I hope it never
happens to you. That's the preferred alternative. Again, different examples.
A fellow comes up at sidewalk office hours and says, "I pay my $40 fee to
appeal my assessment, and then when they acknowledge that my
assessment is too high, you keep my $40 fee. How come?" That's a
question to which there wasn't a very good answer. Ultimately, believe it or
not, the solution is to just eliminate the $40 fee, something that Assessor
Larry Stone was happy to support. Again, it just didn't seem like we were
treating the public right if we say we're going to charge you a $40 fee to file
an appeal, and then when we acknowledge that your appeal is well made,
you're still stuck with the $40. Many of these are small things. The library
card that used to cost $80. If you went to any of our libraries in the JPA, the
Joint Powers Area here that we have, there's no longer a fee. It seemed a
little unusual that if you were from Mountain View or Palo Alto and you went
to Los Altos, they said, "Sure, you can have a card, but it's $80." If you
came from Los Altos to Palo Alto or Mountain View, they'd say, "Sure, we're
happy to give you a card for free." Again, it's just sort of a question of
treating the public right. With those not very monumental but nonetheless,
it seems to me, small, important ways that we sort of say let's treat people
right during the course of the day, plus transportation, plus Buena Vista, I'm
sure there are other questions. I'd be happy to address any of those you'd
like or just to hear from you on matters that are of importance to you.



                                                                         Page 5 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
