                          TRANSCRIPT
wondered why it wasn't listed in Option 3. Option 3 just called out Colorado
and Loma Verde.

Ms. Syed: I think the sentiment—one of the things we heard at the
community workshops was that East Meadow is really on the far end of
Midtown. That was the thinking there, that Loma Verde already has 7-foot-
wide bike lanes and a crossing of Caltrain. We could consider that; it's still
on the table.

Council Member DuBois: I think East Meadow makes a lot of sense. It had
nine accidents; Loma Verde had ten accidents. I think either one of those
seem appropriate. Again, they go by a lot of schools and parks. The great
thing about East Meadow is it connects to our bridge that we're building. It
also connects to a grade crossing, so it doesn't dead-end on either end. I
think our CAC spoke pretty clearly. I think we should actually celebrate it. I
think it was a community process that worked. We had an idea, we got
feedback and we adjust. There's nothing wrong with that. It's not a failure.
It's a process. I think we should listen to the feedback we got. Again, we
talked about this recently. I think, again, something like Loma Verde, it's a
less busy street. It seems like a great place for bikes. We have a grid
pattern throughout Midtown. There's a lot of ways to get where you want to
go on not very busy streets. If we did do Loma Verde, you still have to jog
over to the bike bridge and to a grade crossing. You can hit the Bryant
Boulevard to get over to East Meadow. Again, I think some jog over to the
bridge without going on Bayshore, which has a lot of fast-moving cars. To
echo Council Member Burt, I don't think we should start to spend this money
right now on a bike grade crossing until we let the trench play out a little bit
and see where we end up on that. We got, I think, several clear letters to
support Option 2. I would support Option 2, possibly Option 3, kind of
depending on which direction we're going. Again, I think East Meadow,
Loma Verde, to me those are still Midtown. You've got all the way down to
San Antonio. That's kind of where I am. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I got two questions. I know this is going to be
hard to answer, but if you can just take a whack at it. I'm just trying to get
a ballpark on what a couple of these things are likely to cost. In the Staff
Report, if you look, it says that Option 3 alternative alignment. Let's say
you were going to do a bike path down Loma Verde, for example. In the
Staff Report it says less than $1 million, but I assume that's not the same as
the concept in here, that's a protected bike lane concept where you're
building berms and things like that.


                                                                            Page 32 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
