                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: That's a pretty low overhang to get into the ...

Mr. Hopper: The containers would be brought out to the street for them to
load and unload. Delivery vehicles ...

Council Member Filseth:     They'll stop on Page Mill while they load the
containers?

Mr. Hopper: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: At rush hour.

Mr. Hopper: I don't know what rush hour. FedEx and other types of
delivery vehicles, that's where we're recommending that they have a loading
zone. Smaller vehicles like pickups and so on could access the site and park
as other vehicles would. The larger vehicles could not be accommodated on
the site.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to ask a question about parking. If I
understand it right, the plan is for there to be 91 parking spaces. I was
trying to figure out how many of those are for the BMR units versus the
market rate units versus commercial. It looked to me like it was about
seven or eight spaces for the BMR units. Did I get that right? There's 4,128
square feet of BMR units, which is—there's 26 spaces allocated for
residential and 30 percent of those are BMR. That's 30 percent of 26, the
number of parking units. Did I get that right? Less 15 percent.

Mr. Reich: The parking spaces aren't specifically assigned.    Your math is
accurate. It sounds right.

Council Member Filseth: You're looking at about eight for the BMR units.
The total is 91. It's actually seven, because you have to take off the 15
percent for the overlap. The total's like 91. Is that right?

Mr. Reich: Total parking spaces is 91, which is a 14 percent reduction from
the 106.

Council Member Filseth: Seven of those are the BMR units. It was the big
head scratcher, and this was true back in January. How is it that to build
three or five BMR units, it takes 9,000 square feet of commercial space at
$6.50 or $7 a square foot? The answer was the way this is structured is that
the original project doesn't require a parking garage. Once you add the BMR
units, then it requires a parking garage which increases the cost
significantly. Right?


                                                                     Page 129 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
