                          TRANSCRIPT
were talking through the options related to where to go with Project Safety
Net. Rob and the other members who have been working on this—P&S felt
this the other night—have hit upon this approach that has a range of strong
criteria about how to build a potentially good ongoing organization through
this collective impact model, which is a fancy term for a high-performing
collaborative. That being said, this is coming to a head precisely at the time
that we've got to set a budget. All the pieces aren't worked out. We're
saying, "Here's a funding amount we think would be necessary for a full
year." Some of it is a little bit—symbolic isn't the right word—public in
acknowledging that some of the lower pricing that we had in positions clearly
didn't result in us being able to get or keep somebody in a sustainable way.
Whether it's in the RFP or not, we expect that in the public domain
somebody could look and see, "These guys are looking at this differently
than they did before.       We roughly could understand there could be
$200,000. This might be something that we're interested in." The other
challenging part is that we're talking about putting out an RFP for somebody
to come in on a transitional or interim basis. It's fair to say that we'd
artfully be interested in seeing whether or not that same person might be
somebody who could morph or transition to the permanent, if possible. That
means that, even though we're going to be putting some things out there,
we probably are asking this transitional person to help design what the more
permanent piece will be. They then may or may not be fit for that. Having
a budget that identifies sufficient funding is important.       If we've got
somebody on board by the end of August, that will be record time.

Council Member Scharff: You're going to bring this back to Council in terms
of the RFP approval and all that kind of stuff?

Mr. de Geus: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: It seems that this person will actually be creating
the position. They're going to create the Board; they're going to put the
whole thing together. As part of that, they're going to go out and work out
sustainable working sources, which means the City's not going to be paying
the $200,00 every year.

Mr. de Geus: That's a big part of their job, exactly right.

Mayor Holman: I have one clarifying question. Last week we moved to
keep the Code Enforcement Lead position in the budget and directed the City
Manager to propose an alternate position to remove from this year's budget
to maintain a budget surplus. In the at-places document that we have, I'm
wondering if page 2 of that—it's dated 6/8—the 1.0 Community Service
Officer frozen position, is that the offset?

                                                                       Page 20 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
