                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Hovis: They don't have the same capital costs that you do. The cable
and phone companies have networks that were built many years ago, in
terms of their capital costs.

Council Member Scharff: What about Google?

Ms. Hovis:     Google is a very different animal than anything we've
encountered in the past. I think I probably don't have to tell you that it's a
relatively opaque company, so they're not sharing their business model with
us. We do not know—I don't think anybody outside that company knows
how Google plans to fully monetize this investment. We know that they did
not go into the fiber business because they wanted to be an internet service
provider and compete with Comcast and AT&T for market share. They went
into the fiber business as a policy matter, because they wanted to make sure
that the next generation of the internet was deployed over fiber to the home
throughout the United States. They started this as a demonstration project.
They said very explicitly that they were taking what they'd been advocating
for in Washington and doing a series of demonstration projects in order to
show that it was viable to build fiber to the home. They have since
expanded quite extensively. Our read is that they're planning to continue
expanding.      The traditional way of making money in communications
infrastructure which is by selling voice services, video services and data
services, is just one way that Google is making money. We can all guess at
some of the others, but we probably can't guess at many of them. They're
in a unique position relative to anyone. One of the leaders of Google Fiber
has said publicly, "We have no problem with access to capital." They don't
have financing costs. There are all kinds of benefits that Google has that not
only can't be replicated by the City of Palo Alto, but can't be replicated by
anyone.

Mr. Asp: I can just maybe add one. If you look at the operating costs,
where we talked about about 85 percent of the total operating costs, if you
were looking at it from a Palo Alto-ran utility, would be on your vendor
maintenance contracts, labor costs and direct internet access costs. A lot of
those costs, especially like the vendor maintenance contracts and the direct
internet costs, that's a cost where it's virtually zero for somebody like
Google. When you add the kind of customer service and some of those
support costs, they're also not going to see that, because they already have
a lot of that embedded costs, sunk costs, that they can already leverage.
It's a huge thing on the operating costs.

Council Member Scharff: On the big picture, we have roughly $20 million in
the Fiber Fund, right. How would we leverage that best? To me, that seems
                                                                       Page 28 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
