                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Have any of you mentioned Greg Brown tonight?

Mayor Holman: Not yet.

Council Member Kniss: Among the things that I remember when we moved
here was the surprise of the Greg Browns on the side of the walls. Initially
people thought they were real, which was even more fun. Very sadly Greg
is gone. Have we looked at doing something like that again? Does that kind
of art, artist exist in our area and what would it take for us to do that? The
Mayor just mentioned California Avenue where you come from under the
overpass. That is a pretty blank area. What would it take there to do some
Greg Brown-like types of things? It's easy to think of other kinds of realistic
or other kinds of almost graffiti-like types of things. I think he was so
unique. I don't know if he went into any other community. I never heard
about it if he did. It certainly made us stand apart from other communities.
That's my question. That's not a comment. I want to know have we
thought of it and is it something we could do again.

Ms. Goldstein: I love the idea of things that are serial in nature, that draw
people from one place to another. I agree with you that the Greg Brown
murals are one of the things that's absolutely unique about Palo Alto. We've
heard a lot of people that are interested in the idea of work that is serial in
nature, that encourages you to walk or move to discover new things through
art. I'm quite sure that something like that will show up in the Master Plan.
As far as do I know an artist that does that kind of work, I think that there
are lots of artists out there that do work that is intriguing, that could maybe
help you to solve a puzzle where you want to see what's going to come next.
I think it's a great idea, and it is something that is unique to Palo Alto, so
extending it into other neighborhoods, that general idea, is a very strong
idea.

Council Member Kniss: I hope we can pursue that, because I miss that
happening. I thought that surprise. As far as I know, Greg thought up his
own ideas. I don't think anyone said, "Put that grocery cart over there," or
"Have the guy jumping out of the window at the bank," or whatever else
there may be. I don't remember how that started.           Do any of you
remember? Jim, do you have any recollection? You didn't live here then.
Do you know, Pat? Council Member Burt, step right up.

Mr. Keene: No, I was not here at the time.

Council Member Burt: (crosstalk) Greg Brown?

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, I don't know.

                                                                        Page 13 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
