                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I wouldn't accept that, because this is about more than just
California Avenue. For instance, look at "a," we're expanding it.

Council Member Wolbach: I said "California Avenue area."

Mayor Holman: Area. I don't know what it adds, but okay.

Council Member Wolbach: If we could add that then.

Mayor Holman: So "a draft Ordinance for the California Avenue area."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “for the California Avenue
area” after “draft Ordinance.”

Council Member Wolbach: The last is on Item c, limiting formula retail. I'm
trying to think what the right language here is. A lot of us talked about
having maybe two tiers or having a more restrictive Ordinance on California
Avenue itself and then perhaps more permissive in the surrounding areas as
we try to attract more retail to the general area. I'll not propose an
Amendment but leave that there as a question for others to propose
Amendments to provide a little bit more guidance to the Planning and
Transportation Commission and to Staff about Item c.

Council Member DuBois: I emailed you some proposed Amendments. One
at a time, propose adding to "a" "consideration in the Cal. Avenue side of
Sherman Avenue." Inserting that before "other locations."

AMENDMENT:          Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion Part A, “consideration of California Avenue
side of California Avenue” before “other locations.”

Mayor Holman: There's nothing there. There's nothing there to—look at the
map. There's nothing there to build on.

Council Member DuBois: Right. It's public facility ...

Mayor Holman: It's parking lots. There's nothing to build on, so I wouldn't
accept it.

Council Member DuBois: I want to capture the idea that as we develop
those parking lots, that retail would be included.

Mayor Holman: We'll have control over that.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER
                                                                     Page 74 of 123
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                             Transcript: 5/18/2015
