                             TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: "Ca," yeah.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, "Ca." I don't want us to be that determinative
yet. Under "B," modifying the existing RPP District to distribute employee
permits, using concentric rings I don't think is quite where we want to go. I
think using some one of these suggested answers around the Downtown
core would be better put as far as I'm concerned.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Is there a second?

Council Member Wolbach:         Yeah, I'll second it.   I might have a couple of
amendments.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to:

A.        Conceptually approve the annexation of additional areas south of
          Lincoln Avenue and north-east of Guinda Street into the existing
          Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) District; and

B.        Conceptually approve additional adjacent neighborhoods for eligibility
          of annexation into the Downtown RPP district in the future, based on
          resident petition; and

C.        Direct Staff to return with a Resolution to implement the proposed
          boundary changes and parameters for Phase 2 of the Downtown RPP
          Program, scheduled to begin in March 2016, including:

     i.        Modifying the existing RPP District to distribute employee
               permits using concentric ring zones around the Downtown core;
               and

D.        Direct Staff to return with an analysis of program costs and revenues,
          along with necessary budgeting adjustments to implement desired
          boundary expansion, including new zones within the existing District,
          on-site customer service and physical permit sales.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Do you want to speak to your motion?

Council Member Kniss: I'll speak to it, but briefly. I think that the
annexation is almost a given at this point. We've seen it in front of us
tonight. We've heard from any number of people tonight who indicate that
their street has just become virtually impossible to navigate, and they really
need the relief of the RPP. That includes the adjacent neighborhoods.
Dropping down to the analysis of Program costs and revenues, I think, is
really important. That's something that we haven't really talked about
                                                                          Page 59 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
