                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth inquired whether the Motion had to include the date
to which an item was continued.

Mayor Holman responded no.

Stuart Welte, Architect for the Applicant, spoke regarding Agenda Item
Number 11. He and Steve Henry were present if the Council had questions
regarding the project.

Susan Hyder spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. The community had
always had balance and character in architectural styles. Too many modern
buildings had offset the balance and character of Downtown.

Gregory Klingsporn, Attorney for the Applicant, spoke regarding Agenda
Item Number 15. He requested the Council provide some rationale for
allowing the appeal to proceed. Staff, the Architectural Review Board (ARB),
and the Planning Director indicated the project complied with Zoning
Ordinances and City policies.

Michael Harbor, Appellant, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. The
building was not compatible in size, scope, and architectural detail with the
surrounding area. He thanked the Council for allowing a public hearing of
the matter.

Ken Hays, Hays Group Architects, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15.
He asked the Council to support the ARB's recommendation and the Planning
Director's approval of the project. The ARB held multiple hearings over 15
months. The design of the project changed significantly in response to
comments from the public and the ARB. The project complied with the City's
height ordinance. The façade rhythm was consistent with adjacent building
patterns. The Downtown Urban Design Guidelines and the South of Forest
Avenue 2 (SOFA) Guidelines stated architects should not mimic prevalent
architectural styles.   The approved project provided five more parking
spaces than required. While the retail space in the project was less than
previously provided, it was not lost.

Jaime Wong, Applicant, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. It was
unfair of the Council not to allow a building height of 50 feet, not to allow
the use of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR), to allow a disgruntled
neighbor to choose the style of the building, and to require the project to
solve existing traffic problems. He urged the Council to support the ARB and
Planning Director's approval of the project.

Timur Bilir spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. This type of building
solved many aspects of the lack of office space, parking, and housing. He

04/06/2015                                                            117- 168
