                         TRANSCRIPT
should get a quick response. We need to make sure that it's a thorough
response as well. I don't feel prepared to vote on that tonight.

Mayor Holman: I'll weigh in on this. It is always good to have answers to
questions. The one question that we have the answer to is that we have
literally hundreds of homeowners who want protection for their
neighborhoods. That's a question we have the answer. We know that
development pressures are upon us. The economy is hot. My question for
the Director of Planning is if this could get on the Finance Committee's June
16 agenda, what are you going to have for a Staff Report? That's a week
from tomorrow.

Mr. Keene: We may not have a Staff Report.          I heard also a comment
"before the break." We may need a special.          Even then it's a crunch.
There's no doubt about it.

Mayor Holman: Personally, I have no confidence that there can be a Staff
Report with very much information in it that could go to Finance before
break. This is June 8th. Council's on break the end of June. I don't see how
it can happen.

Mr. Keene: Might not happen.

Mayor Holman: Then you're looking at August. I don't want us to fool
ourselves or set a goal that's not achievable. That means we're leaving
people in limbo for probably three months at least. Individual Review, as
Council Member DuBois said, is not satisfying the needs of residents to
protect their neighborhood character. Our Comprehensive Plan talks pretty
explicitly and fairly frequently about the importance of recognizing individual
neighborhoods have individual characteristics. It's incumbent upon the
Council to preserve that and support members of the community who want
to preserve that. Council Member Burt said he doesn't remember fees being
raised previously as an issue. He and I both served on the Planning
Commission for several years before being on Council. I don't remember
them ever being an issue before either. We do know that there were times
when there weren't fees charged. If a neighborhood were to file for a single-
story overlay, even if the work weren't completed—I don't know if this is a
question for City Attorney or Director Gitelman—if there was an application
on file, if somebody was going to buy a house in a neighborhood that had
applied, would that need to be disclosed to a potential buyer, so they know
there could be a single-story overlay? What I’m asking this for is to
understand if an application itself would provide some level of "protection?"
It would be cautionary.


                                                                         Page 51 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
