                          TRANSCRIPT
for that to occur before we did something to stop that. This wasn't what I
was going to talk about, but it just sort of left.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, you either may not recall or
perhaps were not at that meeting, but we had a conversation at the
Council—it was not an agendized item—about landmarking Greg Brown's
murals. Council Member Kniss also suggested support for that.

Council Member Scharff: Good.       I had forgotten that.    As long as we're
supporting that and doing that.

Mayor Holman: There are challenges to that. We've had exchanges back
and forth with Staff about how we might go about doing that.

Council Member Scharff: Then I'll move on. I just wanted to make sure we
thought about that.

Mayor Holman: The interest is still there.

Ms. Halpern: Our Master Plan will definitely address that issue. We can talk
about it more now if you'd like to or you can wait. Either way.

Council Member Scharff: Let me go onto my other issues.

Ms. Halpern: It is complicated.

Council Member Scharff:       What I actually wanted to talk about was
maintenance of the existing public art. For instance, we have that mural on
the California Avenue tunnel. It's a great mural, but we're clearly not
maintaining it. I don't know why we're not maintaining it. It's always easier
to do new things; it's always more exciting to do new things. I am
concerned that we're not putting the effort into maintaining our current
public art. I'm very concerned about that. I did want to say that I really
supported the Mayor's idea of, in the walk-ups in City Hall for instance, on
those blank walls that you suggested. I would actually expand on that and
say there's probably lots of places. I k now we have a vast collection of art
somewhere that the public doesn't even see, that has been donated over the
years and stuff. There are a lot of blank places like that around, that you
may be able to put pieces of art. I was thinking you might want to think
about that. I mean, it might not be the best place, like, the wall in City Hall
walking up the stairs. That would be sort of unexpected and nice to see
some different art.

Mr. Keene: We could have pictures of City employees hanging by a thread
or something down the wall or whatever.

                                                                        Page 15 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
