                           TRANSCRIPT
available, the additional FAR square footage, provided that it is not
necessary to reduce the square footage in order to modify the project. It
also must be compliant with specific requirements of the Municipal Code.
That's what your TDR ordinance says. No specific requirements have been
identified that have not been satisfied. Things like height, parking, setback,
circulation, etc., all of those have been met. The ARB is the body that you
have charged and they are the professionals that you have selected to
evaluate architectural aspects of this project under Chapter 18.76. It has
made findings as were adopted by the Director that this project meets all the
requirements of 18.76. You should give great weight to these, because
these are the people you have selected to make these determinations and
recommendations to you as well as the consultants that you have approved
or selected. What remains then is in that context were considerations of
mass, compatibility and visibility of the project appropriately considered and
were the findings about them appropriate. Recipients of TDRs in this case
are entitled to rely on your ordinance and to receive the benefits of that
ordinance, the increased FAR, particularly when the City, having made that
bargain, has already received all the benefits that it is entitled to get. A
larger building is inevitable whenever you transfer TDR rights to a qualifying
site. To say that this is bigger than the building next door or this is bigger
than we're accustomed to, that is really not relevant given the fact that you
have agreed that they can have a larger building as long as it meets the
specific requirements and the architectural requirements. In any case, the
mass is going to be greater, the visibility is going to be greater, and the
building is going to be more prominent given these FAR transfers. You must
take that into consideration if you're applying your own ordinances fairly.
This is what is and what should be expected of the City and of its residents.
The previous iteration of this project met all the requirements of the Code
and received the approval recommendation of the ARB. Here in response to
the Council, mass and visibility really is no longer the issue. Compatibility—
30 seconds if I may?

Mayor Holman: Mr. Harbour stopped at time, and I must ask you to do the
same thing if you would please.

Mr. Mitchell: I will finish in my ...

Mayor Holman: You'll have three minutes coming up.

Mr. Mitchell: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We have 14 speakers on this item. You can figure that
math out pretty quickly. We'll allow two minutes to help us move through
this. I appreciate the public's indulgence on that. When you hear your

                                                                           Page 9 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
