                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I have just one question for you, and that is the Meadow
bike boulevard.      Because that is—Council Member DuBois, I think,
mentioned this—does have a lot of schools and a lot of parks along that
route, does that make this from a—let's set operational aside for the
moment—make it the ... Let me ask it this way. How would that make it
rank in terms of an accessibility path?

Mr. Mello: I think the main concern we heard from both the CAC and PABAC
is that Meadow is so far south that it may not necessarily meet the criteria of
a Midtown connector. It's certainly a good candidate for a separated
bikeway or enhancements. The feedback we got from the public and from
the CAC was that it may be stretching the limits of what we call a Midtown
connector. It certainly does provide great connectivity across town.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Next round, questions, comments and motions.
Five minutes again, if we could please. Council Member Burt to be followed
by Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Burt: I want to return to a theme of a combination, that we
need more than one good, really convenient, efficient bike route between
Alma and 101 in the south half of the town. Let me ask on East Meadow. I
agree that it is too far south to constitute kind of the Midtown route. It also
has advantages just for serving all the way from Barron Park. We do have
an at-grade crossing at East Meadow, and then it connects into the new
bridge.   Were you envisioning that there would be a Class 4-type of
protections or whatever we want to call them on East Meadow, if we want
that as one of the alternatives?

Mr. Mello: I think we could look at that. There is quite a bit of space out
there. The current cross-section we're showing is traditional bike lanes, the
existing condition.  I certainly think there's room for upgrades along
Meadow.

Council Member Burt: Whether it's full Class 4 or just upgrades, I think that
would be in the right direction, especially feeding into the new bridge. I also
want to see a hybrid continued to be evaluated, utilizing the portions of
Matadero Creek that work—hopefully that'll be expanded as a result of
negotiations with the Water District, in collaboration with the Water
District—and then using preferably low car volume side streets in
conjunction with that.      You've identified several different alternatives,
whether they're on El Carmelo or Eldorado, closest to Alma, and then Sutter
and Clara. We're all the way down to Louis where we've got some pretty
good access on Matadero. For our motion tonight, if we are interested in
you continuing to explore improvements on East Meadow, is that outside of

                                                                            Page 39 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
