                         TRANSCRIPT
your child's college education or whatever the case may be. It's been really
heartening to see the folks that came out a month ago to speak to us and
speak in favor of more housing, and from all walks of life, from teachers.
Going to Palo Alto schools in the '80s and '90s, I was thinking about all the
teachers that I had, the amazing teachers I had, who moved here in the
'60s, '70s, '80s, who lived here, who lived in our community, whose kids I
went to school with. I'm not going to name them either. That's what made
Palo Alto. We talked about paradise and paradise lost. I think we're losing
paradise, because the people who serve us, the people who teach us, can't
afford to live anywhere near us.          I think that's what's causing the
degradation of our quality of life in Palo Alto. I'm going to be looking for—
again, we're just talking about vision and goals. We're not getting into the
policies, except for one of them, and program. My feedback to the CAC is
going to be please look for ways that we can add additional housing in
strategic places, protect our R-1 residential neighborhoods. I understand
the importance of that. Palo Alto, we're becoming a homogeneous society,
and that's not good for any of us. I'm almost done with my five minutes this
time; I'll have more thoughts as the conversation continues. I was just so
impressed by the almost unanimous outpouring from the community in favor
of additional housing at these meetings. I've heard you guys loud and clear.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A few things. I think there's several pieces we
need to discuss when it comes to this Element. The first thing I'd like to
actually point out is that our existing Comprehensive Plan which, I think,
understandably a lot of people have been concerned about some of the
changes that the draft have proposed making. I actually really like our
existing Comprehensive Plan, and I don't want to mess with it a whole lot.
Our existing Comprehensive Plan is actually pretty pro-housing. I went
through it and found, just in this Element alone, the Land Use Element
alone, almost a dozen programs and policies and goals and vision statement
references to the need to address housing, the need to add housing, to be
creative about housing. Sometimes specifying specific places in town where
we haven't done it yet. Sometimes suggesting specific ways to do it that we
haven't done yet. I think it's important that the CAC and the Staff, as they
work on stuff to bring back to us for further discussion, don't weaken what's
already there, that we don't neuter what's already in our existing
Comprehensive Plan, and that we actually start looking to fulfill what we said
we would do. There are a few other things I want to mention that I think
are very important that need to be discussed. I'd suggest them going
forward. I would actually suggest adding a goal to use coordinated area
plans as a regular planning tool. At the risk of sounding like a broken record
because I talk about this so often, it's something that's been done often in
                                                                       Page 53 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
