                          TRANSCRIPT
architecture as long as they are executed well. I don't have any problem
with the style of this building. It is more that it is too big for the context. It
can't even be appreciated, this building, because you can't get far enough
away from it to see it at its size. I also would like to note that the Comp
Plan calls for adaptive reuse of old buildings especially Downtown, because it
is such a mix. To take all the old buildings out would reduce the variety.
There also seems to be a question about the sender site of one of the
[Transferable Development Rights] (TDRs) that this building is using, that it
was a historic building that was demolished.             It's unclear whether a
demolished building can receive a seismic TDR. I think that that issue
should be resolved before going any further with an approval of this
building. I want to add something about the process. I do agree that this
process of appealing at the end of a project after an appellant and Staff and
residents have worked so long and hard on something is very difficult. I was
recently involved in an appeal of 261 Hamilton Avenue. I really learned that
it would be better if we had in the review process some way to get this out
earlier in the process. It would benefit everybody, the Applicant, the
Appellant, Staff and residents if we had some different review processes. In
summary, I encourage you to support the Appellant and reject the project in
front of you today in favor of a project that will better meet the municipal
plan, the goals of the Downtown Design Guidelines and our Comprehensive
Plan. Thank you.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council Members. I
agree with the many excellent reasons you've already heard why this project
does not conform to City Code. I want to talk about the TDR issue. The
project is using three TDRs to increase its size and provide less parking.
One of those TDRs was generated by the property at 340 University Avenue.
That's the site of the new Apple store, and before that Liddicoats and Z
Gallerie. The City issued that property a TDR two years ago for seismic
rehabilitation; yet, no seismic rehabilitation occurred.   Instead the old
building was torn down and the Apple store went up. The Municipal Code is
extremely clear. Section 18.18.070(a)(2) says you can get a TDR if you're
"in Seismic Category 1, 2 or 3 and undergoing seismic rehabilitation."
Rehabilitation of a building isn't the same as tearing it down. Just as
rehabilitating criminals doesn't mean executing them. Here's a helpful quote
from City Minutes in 1995 when the TDR Ordinance was updated. "The
entire keynote of the TDR Program was whether funds could be generated
for buildings that had extraordinary costs for seismic and historic retrofit."
That's retrofit, not replacement. The person quoted, by the way, Chop
Keenan. City Staff say they've granted three other seismic rehabilitation
TDRs when buildings were instead torn down. That's unfortunate, but it
doesn't change the law. Those cases weren't legal either. There's another
problem with the TDR from 340 University Avenue. It was issued for more
                                                                          Page 40 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/04/15
