                         TRANSCRIPT
information that you're asking for how much money on a sale price the bid
would be or what' the highest amount of money Caritas would spend. You
do need to know the extent to which the City's commitment would be limited
to what you have and whether or not the County would take the City's place
for any relocation expenses and what zoning implications there are. Thank
you.

Mila Zelkha: The three of us are going to say our name and a short
statement together. Mila Zelkha, Tara Nussbaum, Elaine Wong. On behalf
of Palo Alto Forward Steering Committee, we encourage the Council
Members and community to read the letter Palo Alto Forward submitted this
morning to the Council, and to seize the opportunity to use designated
affordable housing funds to deed restrict land that already provides
affordable housing to 400 people along the Central Transit Corridor. These
families are Palo Alto residents. They work here, vote here, pay taxes here
and send their kids to school here. If Palo Alto has the means to match the
County funds and later to issue bonds, we can create a win-win situation
where the seller could receive fair market value, the existing density can be
preserved and 400 residents can remain Palo Altans. Thanks.

Alex Van Riesen: Good evening. My name is Alex Van Riesen. I'm a
resident of Palo Alto; I've lived here for 17 years. I live in Midtown, and I
serve as pastor of a local church, the Palo Alto Vineyard, and represent
hopefully tonight the faith community in Palo Alto. I'm also here with my
daughter, Hope. I wanted to address two points. One, as I've both been
online and listened to people talk, I've realized that one of the big issues
that I see the opponents talking about with regards to this issue is whether
the funds are being appropriately used, whether this is an efficient or good
way to use the funds. It struck me that there was the situation with Maybell
and the attempt to build affordable housing. There's lots of ideas around
and clearly have been expressed tonight the need for affordable housing.
Here we have a situation where there are actual people living in an
affordable housing situation for them and, rather than creating more of that,
we are considering taking it away. What we need to do is decide and not let
anything stand in the way from keeping this affordable housing and
beginning to think in other ways to build more affordable housing in the days
ahead. It would be a travesty to the City and also an economically bad idea.
Obviously lots of us have talked about the numbers with regards to what is
the expense of this project. I suggest that this is a very efficient and
economically viable way to maintain affordable housing in Palo Alto. The
second issue is more social or spiritual. I'm glad my daughter wanted to
come with me tonight. I know the days are coming where that may come to
an end. I was most excited about the opportunity to show her government
in work and to show her participation in one's community. You're seeing
                                                                        Page 15 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
