                          TRANSCRIPT
payments. I do want to ask a question along the lines of what Council
Member Scharff was asking about. Given this survey that shows 50 percent
of the users either walk or ride, maybe it's in the data, in addition to that we
have a certain percentage of users who use transit. We have a lot of
Caltrain users who are the workers there who use transit. Do we know what
percentage of—I'm asking this of Staff, Jonathan.

Mr. Lait: No. We don't know what percentage. I would remind the Council
that this was a self-selected survey. It's informational, but I don't know that
I'd make any policy decisions on it.

Council Member Burt: Taking that as a caveat, it's still a pretty interesting
statistic. Frankly, it suggests that we may want to get a more meaningful
survey. Whether it's 50 percent or a bit less than that, it's a strikingly high
percentage. I know that I rarely drive to Cal. Ave.; I bike there and pass a
whole bunch of people walking. As I ride there, I see in the morning a ton of
people getting off the train. Those are folks who, at least at lunch time, are
significant patrons. That suggests that we need to look hard at what
amount of parking is needed going forward, but we also need to
acknowledge that we have a parking problem currently in Cal. Ave. It's
overflowing, particularly into Evergreen neighborhood. Anecdotally, I would
say it's principally because of the intensification of use of what had been
long time medical office uses, where the renters of those spaces may be
doctors who are only there part-time, and they're getting replaced by app
developers packing four into the same office. That's a pretty radical change
in the parking demand. That's something that may be beyond the scope of
what we're able to do tonight, but I want to put that out on the table as
referral to the Planning and Transportation Commission. That's one of our
biggest issues in the Cal. Ave. area. We can talk about all these other
issues. I'd be open to looking at a restaurant parking formula that reflects
the actual mode by which people get there, provided that we are also
addressing this other thing that's going in the opposite direction, which is a
lot more cars resulting from the intensification of office use. I do have one
comment. When we talk about what works there and we give the example
of Starbucks and The Counter and now this make your own pizza, that whole
plaza is just bustling. I don't think it's most of all because it's formula retail
and formula restaurants. I think it's because it's a plaza. They have to be
good restaurants, and they could either be formula or not, but it's the plaza
that makes that work. That also needs to be part of the discussion. Here
we're talking about retail, but we're not talking about the urban design of
the street. When we look at our Comp Plan, that kind of mini-park or plaza
element is part of what we had envisioned. That particular site did it
voluntarily, and it was a great addition to that street. We don't have
mechanisms today that require that somehow linked to our development,
                                                                           Page 57 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
