                          TRANSCRIPT
cul de sacs or circles are unique and that they could preserve their look by
keeping their single-story homes. As far as Amarillo goes, I really feel like
it's already a mixed bag. I don't think Amarillo should be bundled into Metro
or Moffett Circle. I'm adjacent to Greer Park, and I have one of the—it's a
small lot as well. I'm not going to be building up, but I also don't feel like
it's a unique neighborhood; whereas, the other neighborhoods are unique.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Ci Chu to be followed by Julia Li.

Ci Chu: Thank you, Mayor. Good evening, members of the Council. My
name is Ci Chu. I'm DanDan's husband. Like she said, this is the city
where—the City of Palo Alto is where we first met when I was a graduate
student, where we fell in love and where we got married and where we live.
This is literally where our life together started, and we love every minute of
it here. I'm speaking tonight to dispute one report that was forwarded to us
by the City Council and also presented on by the gentleman earlier. The
report which he didn't have time to finish basically pointed to the fact that
contrary to common belief houses, properties in the SSO zone in Palo Alto
actually appreciate faster by percentage of its value than houses not in the
SSO zone, indicated here by the red line which seems to be above the black
line. I have a PhD in data analysis as well, but I don't think it takes a data
scientist to see that there's really no statistically significant difference
between the red line and the black lines. In fact there's no statistics at all,
because all of these lines are plotted on single data points chosen from
median house values from these neighborhoods. Some of the median
houses can be 8,000 feet, where some others can be 4,000. It's not really
an apple-to-apple comparison. Second of all, the time period is arbitrarily
chosen from 1997 to 2015. 1997 is not the year within which most of these
neighborhoods become single-story overlay, so it's really irrelevant. Second
of all ... Percentage is really a mistaken concept here, because the actual
dollar amount increase by the houses are really determined—I don't think
anyone can dispute the fact that a land with a large house will appreciate in
actual dollar amount than a land by itself over the same period. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I think there was one last card submitted, but I
think at this time we won't be taking any more cards given the hour. Julia Li
to be followed by Cynthia Webber.

Julia Li: Hi, good evening, Council Members. I'm Julia Li, living in Amarillo.
I'm also opposing SSO rezoning. I have two points I want to make. I have
no plan to build second story in the near future or maybe never going to
rebuild. I do want to keep the option open, because the rebuilding second
story, we entitled that right when we purchased the house. Also, we all

                                                                          Page 117 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
