                         TRANSCRIPT
specificity, either a clearer, easier to administer process with a first-come-
first-serve system or a process that had weighting for the criteria there
would be a little more certainty, people would be able to a little more
anticipate how different projects would be judged as they move forward.
Those are two questions we pose for you in the Staff Report. Let's talk
briefly about pipeline projects. In this context, we're defining pipeline as
pending applications for discretionary approvals that would result in a net
increase of office/R&D space within the designated boundaries. Council's
direction was to exempt pipeline projects that had been deemed complete
prior to March 31st, 2015. The Council directed—there is an error in this
next bullet—that projects deemed complete between March 31st and—it
should say—June 15th would be recognized in the criteria. The criteria slide
earlier included, I think, that same mistake. It should be June 15th. The
final bullet there, we're asking Council whether you would like to reconsider
the March 31st date based on the elapsed time that's occurred since your
first discussion in March. I have a slide that shows the pipeline projects.
This is going to be much easier to see in the Staff Report. I wanted to give
you a sense of what the universe of pipeline projects looks like. You do have
this information in your Staff Report. This is as of August 31st, and there
have been a couple of changes since August 31st. Let me just point out to
you, the three blue lines up there are projects that would be exempted from
this Ordinance the way it's currently drafted. One of them, the last on the
slide there, is outside of the area we've defined. It's in the Research Park.
The next one up, it's on El Camino, was received and complete prior to the
March 31st date that's articulated in the Ordinance as was the 429
University, the top blue line there. Those three projects are exempt from
the Ordinance as it's currently drafted. You'll note there's a yellow arrow
there pointing to a project on High Street. That project is in SOFA II. It's
actually been amended since this chart was created, since August 31st, to
include only 5,000 net new square feet of office/R&D. It has been reduced
in size, but that row would also be exempted from this Ordinance if the
Council chooses to accept the PTC's recommendation and exempt
coordinated area plans. The four green arrows you see, I think we point out
in the Staff Report. If the Council were to reconsider the March 31st date
and use instead June 15 or the effective date of the Ordinance, those four
applications would be exempt, pipeline projects would be exempt. These
were applications that in some cases were deemed complete just days after
the March 31st date selected by the Council at your last meeting. The
question we have for the Council on pipeline projects is does the Council
with to reconsider the March 31st date for exempting pending applications
due to the passage of time and instead use the June 15th date or the
effective date of the Ordinance. Just to wrap up. I have a couple more
slides. The policy implications, we've talked about this before. This is going
to be a trial period while the Comp Plan is being updated. It does increase
                                                                       Page 99 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
