                          TRANSCRIPT
would also provide substantial Transportation Demand Management plans,
individually and in cooperation with others, to improve the current parking
and traffic impacts. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 6-2 vote.
Council Members Filseth, Vice Mayor Schmid voting no, Council Member
DuBois not participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:                 6-2 Filseth, Schmid no, DuBois not
participating

Mayor Holman: Can we move then to ... I'm looking for which one of these
next ones would be easier. The process is going to be harder. It is almost
9:00. We have one item that we have to get to, which is the Interim
Urgency Ordinance for retail. We have a consultant waiting for Item 441. Is
that true? Council Members, can we please speed up. I can ask Council
Members to please be concise in your comments. Let's get to a motion
quickly. Process and criteria for implementing an annual limit. Council
Members?

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to reference the Staff Report again. As it
has said, this is the process and criteria for implementing an annual limit. I
can do these, Mayor, one at a time or try doing them all at once. I'll try the
big bite of the apple. As it is listed here, the Staff Report suggests accepting
and processing applications as they are currently, except no applications
received after July 1st would be approved until after March 31st of the
following year. Pretty Draconian, but that's the recommendation. At that
point, if the square footage proposed by all the applications combined would
exceed the annual limit, completed applications that have been
recommended for approval by, for example, the ARB would be ranked based
on scoring criteria and provided to the City Council for evaluation and action.
That's a major comment. Finally, if the square footage proposed doesn't
exceed the annual limit, the completed applications that have been
recommended for approval would be acted on using the usual process. I'll
wait and see if there's a second, and then I'll speak briefly.

Council Member Scharff: You're on which page?

Council Member Kniss: Page 12 of tonight's handout.

Mayor Holman: She's on the Staff presentation, Slide 12.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

                                                                         Page 73 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
