                          TRANSCRIPT
with that. If the Council is okay with what I just described and doesn't
conflict in your view, then ...

Mr. Keene:    I don't think it's going to get any better than that for the
Council.

Mayor Holman: Let me put it this way. If Staff has a better way of doing
that based on what you just described, if it's not an Interim Ordinance, then
it isn't an Interim Ordinance. I brought up an Interim, because it is going to
be an iterative process and that's one way of accomplishing it. A lot of
things that in the past, and this is maybe because I've been around doing
this a long time, a lot of things that end up in a parking lot never come
forward. That was why I said Interim Ordinance. If Staff will proceed as
you described, I'm okay with that. If you're okay with the language staying
the way it is so we can move forward, then that's okay too.

Council Member Wolbach:        Since this directs to move forward with an
Interim Ordinance—oh wait.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, she just described what she
would do. Even with the Interim Ordinance language in here.

Council Member Wolbach: What I'm suggesting is that we amend the
language to bring it line with what Staff has just recommended. How about
this? Staff is to return to the Council with items that do not require delay.
Or items that do not result in delay. That way we delete the language about
Interim Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: We're good where we are. I won't accept that. Staff's very
clear on what our intention is. It's just wordsmithing. I'm sorry, I don't
mean any disrespect, Council Member Wolbach. I'm trying to get us ahead
here.

Council Member Wolbach: It's not a question of respect or disrespect. Can I
ask if there's a seconder? Okay, fine.

Council Member Berman: I have one quick point. It's not an Amendment or
anything else. We're in a good place. My point is about "k," prohibiting
opaque windows at the ground floor in ground-floor protected areas for any
use including existing uses. The goal is spot on. This doesn't necessarily
achieve the objective we're trying to. The example that I'm working with
Staff on right now is Wealthfront in Downtown Palo Alto on Cowper, where
they have clear windows. They've just drawn blinds. It's essentially a wall
along Cowper. I don't know if this is a separate effort. I'm not saying that
this is the place to fix it. All I'm saying is that this doesn't necessarily ...
                                                                        Page 101 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
