                          TRANSCRIPT
We're back at the same sort of decision point, which is who or which body
will put something on the ballot. VTA is now empowered to put both transit
and roads and highways measures on the ballot. That gives us a little more
flexibility. We still have the two-thirds requirement at our Board, which
would mean that four members of our Board would have to get to yes on a
plan or a package. You're going to find it hard to believe, but it's really not
entirely clear whether a VTA vote would require a simple majority, meaning
7 of 12, or a two-thirds majority, meaning 8 of 12. The answer to that
question depends on who you ask and which legal counsel you use. That's
an issue still to be resolved, but an important one. It gets more complicated
because there's been some discussion, as you all know, about whether or
not housing ought to be part of such a measure. While our Board of
Supervisors, because we're not a transit agency, has the ability to do that, I
think that's pretty clearly established, VTA not so much.           They could
probably accommodate a transit-oriented development package by virtue of
saying there's a clear nexus between transit-oriented development and their
transportation mandate. If they simply got into the housing business, I
think that becomes a little thornier from a legal standpoint. All of that, to
your point Liz, is made that much more complicated by virtue of the fact
that San Jose is the big fat tail that wags the dog. Although I said that in
the room, and somebody from San Jose leaned forward and said, "No,
actually we are the dog." Again, it just depends on your perspective. In
fairness, it's 60 percent of the county's population. That being said, if you
get a package which can muster a 60 percent vote, that's fine but that's not
enough to get to yes. I think it still remains to be seen which of the two
bodies will move forward putting something on the ballot. There is always
going to be a San Jose bias, and I don't mean that in a bad way. I just
mean if five of the members of the 12-member VTA come from San Jose and
the two other members from the Board are both former San Jose City
Council Members, their frame of reference is San Jose centric. If three of
our five Board Members come from San Jose and are former San Jose City
Council Members, they're frame of reference is going to be San Jose centric.
Just as when Supervisor Gage was on the Board from Gilroy, he's a former
Mayor of Gilroy, he had a different view of the same map. It's just the
nature of the beast. Stay tuned. I think there's quite a lively discussion
right now. I gather you all were part of it about whether or not housing
ought to be a part of the same package. My own concern, entirely apart
from the policy debate, is that if we are not focused on the purpose and the
benefits of a transportation tax, I worry that that lack of focus could cost us
the votes that we would need to pass something that would benefit the
county with meaningful congestion relief throughout the entire county. Why
don't I stop there? On the Registrar of Voters, I think I can tell you progress
is being made. That being said, the proof is in the pudding. I think I've got
at least two or three clichés tossed out there in the space of 30 seconds.
                                                                         Page 9 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
