                         TRANSCRIPT
questions. I was trying to organize them in a logical fashion, but I don't
know if that'll be possible. The first one I'll throw out to Lalo. We talked a
lot at the infrastructure commission about cash flow concerns. Now it seems
like we're even frontloading more things in terms of the California Avenue
(Cal. Ave.) parking garage happening earlier; although, that means that the
Public Safety Building might be happening a little later than anticipated.
When you see this and kind of where we're going, do you have any concerns
about cash flow issues?

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer/Director of Administrative Services: Thank
you, Council Member Berman. Mayor Holman, members of the Council. Lalo
Perez, Chief Financial Officer. Yes, to be quick to the answer. The good
news is that the numbers have gotten better from when we originally did the
estimates. When we did the estimates, we had no experience as to what
would trend. Now we do. Part of what Joe and I are working on is trying to
work on that cash flow situation. While I would personally prefer to have
that issue pretty quickly for the Public Safety Building given the rate
environment, I realize that we have to go through the process. As we wade
through this process, it gives us an opportunity to put some of that money
away for the additional costs that you're hearing tonight. There's other
projects that are not part of the Plan, that are also in the horizon, such as
the golf course and the potential acquisition of the Downtown Post Office.
Those are the kind of things that we raised as a concern back in the day,
that are still in play today. We've got to work on that. What we're trying to
do is strategize and do the mapping and see how we would play this. We'll
have a chance to start with the Finance Committee next Tuesday the
discussion on the Long Range Financial Forecast. The one thing that I can
say to the Council tonight is we've made a commitment as Staff, as a
Council, and to some extent as a community on this Plan. It's going to be
important that we focus on that as we make our decisions on the operating
side of the budget. It's going to be very tempting for all of us to address
some of the other needs that we may see. It's going to be a balancing act
and a timing. I called it a dance at that point, if you may recall. That's
talking about how we move. We would start seed funding. Our original
proposal was to start with the Stanford funds, get ourselves reimbursed
from that issuance, and then go out on the next project. A lot of that
sequencing is still part of our Plan. What we've got to do is upgrade those
numbers, update the timing now that we somewhat know some of the
project timings and updated costs and bring that to you as part of the
process.

Council Member Berman: Perfect. Thank you, Lalo. I'll try to run through
these questions fast. I'm sure my colleagues have questions. Although, we
have a couple fewer colleagues tonight.
                                                                          Page 8 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
