                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: If it just goes to them (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: It'll go to them and it has to come back to us.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:         Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to refer the Office/R&D Cap boundaries to the Planning and
Transportation Commission.

Mayor Holman: The motion, seconded by Council Member Kniss, is to refer
the office/R&D cap boundaries to the Planning and Transportation
Commission. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 5-3 vote with
Council Members Berman, Scharff and Filseth voting no, Council Member
DuBois not participating.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-3 Berman, Scharff, Filseth no, DuBois
not participating

16.   PUBLIC HEARING:         Adoption of an Ordinance 5330 Entitled,
      “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Extending for 22
      Months and 15 Days Urgency Interim Ordinance 5325, Placing a
      Temporary Moratorium on the Conversion of Ground Floor Retail and
      “Retail Like” Uses to Other Uses Citywide; Exempt from the California
      Environmental Quality Act Under Section 15061 and 15308.”

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mayor Holman, City Attorney Molly Stump. We
do not have a presentation. This is identical to the Urgency Ordinance
Council already adopted. According to the procedures in State law, it lasts
only for 45 days. This would be a second Emergency Urgency Ordinance
that would extend the retail protection for the balance of the period and
allow time for the Comprehensive Plan and additional planning work to be
done. It is identical to what the Council has already done. It does require
eight votes to pass.

Council Member Kniss: I would move approval of this.

Mayor Holman: Does everyone know? We are moving to extend the
Urgency Ordinance that we have already voted to approve.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to adopt an Ordinance extending the Urgency Interim Ordinance
placing a moratorium on the conversion of ground floor retail and retail-like
uses to other uses citywide.
                                                                     Page 107 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
