                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We can do them one at a time. I was hoping to continue all
three of these sections. I do have more questions about incorporation of
State CEQA guidelines and what all that entails.

Council Member DuBois: I would just say that it's a question of timeliness.
We're not saying that we're not going to become compliant with State law.
We're just saying we're not doing it right now, that there's enough questions
that we're going to have it come back.

Mayor Holman: That certainly is the intention. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly. This may not be popular. I think
we're kicking a lot of stuff to the parking lot. As pointed out earlier, there is
an appeals process here. I think we should make a decision and move
forward. If we get it wrong, we'll have a chance to fix it later.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, the Motion on the floor is to continue
the discussion of additional Municipal Code Sections 18.31.010, 020 and
030. That Motion fails on a 4-3—excuse me, a 5-3 vote with Vice Mayor
Schmid, Mayor Holman and Council Member DuBois voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED:             3-5 DuBois, Holman, Schmid yes, Burt
absent

Mayor Holman: We return then to the main Motion, providing Council
Member Wolbach still supports his own Motion. That Motion was to approve
ordinance Sections 16 through 21 modifying Municipal Code 18.20 to 18.52.
I see no lights. I have a question here. Chapters 18.20 to ... Is that
correct? That seems not right.

Council Member Wolbach: Yes.

Mayor Holman: We're on Section—pardon me for being brain dead here.
We're on Group 5 which is ...

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: When I look at the ordinance, it's Section 18. That's what
we've just been talking about. Group 5 should be Section 18.

Mr. Lait: We've been talking about Section 18.          Group 5 is Section 16
through Section 21. That's what ...

Ms. French: (inaudible)


                                                                        Page 101 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
