                         TRANSCRIPT
In addition, the Council has committed to developing a strong TDM program
to reduce traffic and parking impacts in our community. Good data is
essential to design a sound program, establish baselines and monitor
progress. I hope that's helpful for Council Member Scharff as well and the
rest of us as we talk about this. I didn't get a clear understanding of the
response in terms of leaving out collection of parking data. I understand
how it can be complicated, but I didn't get a clear understanding of how we
would do it if not through this. It seems like why would we use a second
mechanism. It seems like much more labor intensive when we have a
mechanism now to do that. That's one question please. The other is—I just
want to make sure I'm understanding this clearly. On the first attachment,
"A" or whatever it is; it's not marked. I just want to make sure I understand
that. At the bottom part of the page, it says total employees and square
foot all locations. It says square feet total is 29,733, and employees is
69,136 which matches the number up at the top of the page in terms of
total number of employees. Then square feet per employee is 430 square
feet. Are those—the numbers at the bottom of the page, the bottom portion
of the page—I can't even give you a packet page number. I'm sorry there
isn't one on here, but it's right after the end of the Staff Report. It's the
horizontal pages. Are you saying that there are—there's not 29,733—29
million, excuse me, 733 square feet of office in town. Are those the
businesses that have been accounted for so far? Is that total we have in
town?

Mr. Fehrenbach:      That's the total amount of commercial square feet
reported. It includes all types of commercial.

Mayor Holman: That's just reported?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Correct.

Mayor Holman: In other words, registered?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Correct.

Mayor Holman: Do we find then that that 69,136 is viable given it's 430
square feet per employee? Is that really a workable, viable number given
what we see around town?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Given the amount of errors that are clearly in the data set
at this point and the fact that there has been very minimal Staff interaction
with the data, I don't think it is a viable number. I think it's a glimpse at
what will be possible as we do clean the data set and scrub it.


                                                                      Page 27 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
