                             MINUTES
community and neighborhood leaders were working toward that goal. The
City Manager had informed the Council that he had set aside City funds;
therefore, at the correct time the Council could hold that discussion. Before
the Council could attend to those issues, it must consider the closure
application. The Council had an obligation to be neutral, unbiased, and fair
to reach a decision based on the evidence before the Council. Only after the
closure process was concluded could the Council participate in the broader
community conversation regarding Buena Vista.

Mayor Holman indicated that the Council would take no public testimony, as
it was taken the prior evening.

David Beccaria, Beccaria & Weber Inc., Expert Witness for Park Owner,
advised that the homes in the park could not be financed due to age and the
lack of permitting for additions. Dated homes in the subject park and
competing parks typically were not financeable. The history of the park
demonstrated only one reported financed sale over more than 20 years. The
typical transaction was an all cash sale. The park had small pad sizes,
except for one section of the park. The infrastructure in the park was
inferior and dated. Because of this, old homes could not be replaced with
new manufactured homes. The few park model units located in the park
were not manufactured and could not be financed. Space rent partially
offset location. There was a lack of park facilities. The buyers' acceptance
of these deficiencies was the location adjustment; it was embedded in the
data. Homes in that price range provided the most basic and lowest cost
housing, which was true of all comparable park locations. Buyers in that
price range were concerned primarily with basic shelter. To reach that
conclusion, he studied sales history for the prior 20 years as provided by the
California Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD)
through Santiago Financial. That data showed no correlation with the Palo
Alto residential market at any time in the past. Comparing in-park sales
with sales in competing parks did not show a premium for the Palo Alto
location beyond the buyer acceptance of park deficiencies and space rent
differences. He performed a median sale price comparison for mobile home
parks in Santa Clara. Appraisers analyzed condominiums and townhouses in
Palo Alto and single family residences in Palo Alto. Clearly, no correlation
was noted between conventional housing and the mobile home park data,
inside or outside the park. He attempted to survey park residents in both
English and Spanish in an attempt to gather as much information as
possible; however, very few questionnaires were returned. An appraisal
report was based upon an effective date and based primarily upon all
available market data as of the effective data. Since the time of the
assignment in 2013, prices had increased. If appraisals were completed in
2015, the valuations would likely be significantly higher. He chose a
                                                                         Page 2 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
