                          TRANSCRIPT
2755 El Camino Real. Pardon me if I go through this quickly. The ten
minutes goes quite quickly. There's a lot in your packet, and we'll answer
questions afterwards. We are a local and family business, since 1960 when
my father here started Pollock Financial. We had our first building that he
owned in 1966 on 801 Welsh Road. Some 80 properties later, we are known
to focus on quality in-fill and local developments such as 321 Middlefield up
there.     Some of you might have some doctors there.                It won an
environmental quality award in 2008. We work with local architects and
builders. As a local developer, we want to work together with you guys to
come up with an appropriate project for this very important site. We are
known for also giving back to the community as we have in many ways.
Myself through Heart of Silicon Valley where we put on house concerts for
local worthy causes. My father's been on numerous boards including the
United Way. Go to the next slide if you will. The VTA site history. As you
know, a few years ago the VTA declared this a surplus site and no longer
serves the public as a transit facility. The City's existing PF zone no longer is
consistent with that action. A rezoning is required to reflect our current
private ownership. We've owned it since the beginning of 2013. We have
submitted applications from the beginning as a PC, almost three years ago,
December 17, 2012. You can read the history and the markers that we hit,
meeting with the PTC and the ARB, in the narrative in the Staff Report. We
are a pipeline project, but above that we think that there are many reasons
why we feel it is now time to work together and get something done with
this key site. We feel that this is a beautiful location. When we first got
this, we said, "Wow. We have this location to build something beautiful.
Let's do it, something that fits and really works here." What's there now, we
don't think is beautiful and nothing we can be proud of as Palo Altans. We
don't think Palo Alto wants this premier location to just sit idle and be
wasted next to a nice senior living PC project and across the street where
our kids play soccer. We feel it's time to get to work and work with the City,
get something they can be proud of at this gateway corner location. We
think that Ken and his group and our team have designed that building with
a lot of consideration. Why CC(2)? In the absence of the PC zone avenue,
which served Palo Alto for 50 years, there really isn't another reasonable
vehicle that allows for the flexibility that we feel is needed for a very unique
site like this, surrounded by two other nice PC projects. PCs have been
taken off the table and may not be back any time soon. Yet, it's an
important site. It certainly is to us, and we think it is to Palo Alto. With the
PC gone, we met with the Staff, and we looked at other options, and we
decided to pursue a CC(2) project and bring residential into it. Wanting to
do commercial, we added some residential. In February 2015, the Staff was
largely supportive of a CC(2) project, and this one is a slight evolution from
that project. Let's talk about the intersection. Obviously we know that it's a
very busy and well-traveled intersection, probably the busiest in Palo Alto.
                                                                         Page 44 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
