                         TRANSCRIPT
part of East Palo Alto, the East Palo Alto Sanitary District. Phase 2 went
online in 2009. That is where most of our recycled water goes currently,
down to Mountain View, to Google, Intuit, Shoreline Amphitheater area. We
are now trying to get the Environmental Impact Report certified for Phase 3,
which would actually allow recycled water through South Palo Alto and up to
Stanford Research Park and other areas within Palo Alto. To give you some
history, we started this in 2006, did a market assessment, a Facilities Plan.
We did an Initial Study and Mitigated Negative Dec. We decided to put it on
hold because of public comments and concerns, specifically in regards to the
water quality of the recycled water. In 2011, we decided to reissue it, start
moving ahead. The public draft for the EIR went out this year in 2015. The
objectives—did I go backwards? Yes, that's what happens when you're
tired. The objectives of the project. We're trying to improve potable water
supply reliability, conserve our drinking water. We have a very sustainable
water supply at the Wastewater Treatment Plant. Right now our flows are
down because of water conservation. We're on average 18 million gallons
per day. The majority of that is getting discharged out into the San
Francisco Bay. We'll reduce our reliance on imported water, because we can
offset some of the water. Also, we have a requirement in our NPDS permit
to recycle water. That's by reducing flows into the South Bay. The
proposed project you can see in red. I overlaid the green areas which are
some of the larger parks, so you can see some of the areas that will benefit
from this recycled water that is heavily landscaped. It's also Mitchell Park
Library is dual plumbed; it's ready for recycled water for toilet flushing.
There are other benefits besides landscape irrigation, cooling towers, all
sorts of fun stuff. The main thing with the EIR was the concerns of the
public, which is why we did a full Environmental Impact Report which, as
I've talked to all my friends that do recycled water, we are very rare. Most
people don't do full Environmental Impact Reports specifically on water
quality. Most people are excited to get water, but we decided to do one
because of the concerns about recycled water irrigation on redwood trees,
specifically because they are very salt sensitive and also the recycled water
on the groundwater. We have figured out ways to mitigate, to make all of
our residents and customers in Palo Alto happy with the Environmental
Impact Report. We already have an exemption for redwood trees, so that
they do not have to use recycled water if they're concerned about the
recycled water quality. One option is to also blend recycled water with other
lower salinity water prior to applications. That could be with potable water.
We are also looking at treating recycled water to reduce the TDS prior to
application.    That's looking at a reverse osmosis or forward osmosis
treatment of water, and then blending that water.



                                                                     Page 105 of 130
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/28/15
