                         TRANSCRIPT
you approve the single-story overlay ordinance of our 83 homes in our
neighborhood. This has been a long but worthwhile journey involving well
over 100 hours of my time and that of over a dozen volunteers in our
neighborhood and also cooperation with people in other neighborhoods who
came together earlier this year to ask you to waive the zone change
application fee. As was documented in Amy's report, in our hearing with the
PTC and in our application we have well surpassed by a healthy margin all
the criteria required to make this change. We've been united in our effort,
house-by-house, street-by-street, young and old, longtime residents and
new residents alike. With floor to ceiling windows in our main living areas—
that's my backyard—we are united in our desire to hold onto the privacy,
sunlight and views of nature enjoyed from within these homes. As individual
property owners, we wish to protect these elements of Eichler living that
have been enjoyed for over 55 years. As a neighborhood, we're also united
in celebrating the sense of community that is nurtured by residents who care
about each other and about their neighborhood environment. To give you
an example, our annual block party features a multigenerational potluck
dinner, a bouncy house, lively conversation, games, bubbles, the firemen
were here with the fire truck this year, and is attended by more than 100
people. This year a couple of car buffs pulled together a vintage car show
highlighting the passions of several of our residents. It was really enjoyed
by all. While talk about Eichler homes and Eichler neighborhoods does tend
to focus on the vintage, retro and preserving the past, you are all
community leaders here and I know you're concerned about the future.
You're thinking more towards the future. One of the questions I want to
address, which was asked by one of the PTC Commissioners and is often
brought up by random, anonymous commenters on Palo Alto Online, is
whether a single-story overlay could make our homes less attractive to
future buyers. There are real estate agents who might want to make this
case. Several others have told me privately that they believe in what we're
doing, and they're very supportive of our work, and they think this will make
houses in our neighborhood more attractive to a younger generation of
buyers who get and want a taste of that indoor/outdoor living. To confirm
the continued attraction of these houses after a single-story overlay, I asked
some of our most recent buyers. Tiffany Chang and her husband, Howard,
were very excited when a Los Arboles house came on the market. They are
working parents, so they couldn't be here tonight. They did send me a
statement. They have young children also. She sent me a statement she
wanted me to share. About the house she said, "The main reason we
purchased was that we love the Eichler look and we were only interested in
houses that had not been remodeled beyond recognition. The fact that our
home is also in a single-story neighborhood filled with other well-maintained
Eichlers made the decision easy. We viewed the home and went into

                                                                           Page 13 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
