                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman requested comments on the proposed Healthy City/Healthy
Community Priority.

Council Member Kniss felt this Priority was the City's attempt to reconstruct
the City as a healthy city.

Mayor Holman read a definition and goals of a Healthy City.

Council Member Wolbach believed the City should focus on social services for
seniors, youths, and the disabled. Those services were encompassed within
the Priority.

Vice Mayor Schmid could support the Priority if it focused on a diverse
community, affordable housing, and social services. He did not understand
how the City could propose projects for sustainable community, quality of
life, and access to healthcare.

Council Member Burt reiterated the concepts that constituted a Priority.
Healthy City/Healthy Community merited strong consideration as a Core
Value. He related prior Council discussion of Core Values. The Council
should ensure Priorities were Priorities rather than Core Values.

Council Member Scharff agreed with Council Member Burt. If the Healthy
City/Healthy Community Priority followed the stated rubric, then it should be
contained in the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Filseth concurred with Council Members Burt and Scharff.
They provided a useful delineation between Priority and Core Value.

Council Member Berman felt the initiatives of Healthy City/Healthy
Community were incredibly important; however, it was a Core Value. He
would support the Priority if the Council held a discussion of Core Values
soon.

Council Member Kniss stated that as a Core Value, Healthy City/Healthy
Community would be lost from the conversation. The Council did not give
priority to Core Values. Healthy City/Healthy Community could be woven
into every Council action if it was a Priority. Cities created around access to
transportation and so forth tended to be healthier cities.

Council Member Wolbach agreed Healthy City/Healthy Community was a
Core Value. A discussion of Core Values was needed. Healthy City/Healthy
Community should be a Priority in 2015. Significant policy attention was
required for initiatives included in Healthy City/Healthy Community.


                                                                         Page 14 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/31/2015
