                          TRANSCRIPT
wanted to make sure we didn't pick up things throughout the City that
weren't really hazardous. Maybe that is hazardous; I don't know.

Mayor Holman: Thanks. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: On a completely different avenue than what we've
been going on, there are a couple of questions that I'd like to ask Molly
Stump. If we get into what we might call an agreement of some kind,
maybe called a settlement, which term do you prefer?

Ms. Stump: Either one will do. I'm not sure where you're going here.

Council Member Kniss: I think we're going to get into some number of
requirements tonight. One thing that I heard tonight—I heard it very clearly
from Art Liberman and from Bob Moss—is that, put very frankly, it doesn't
sound as though CPI has been a warm and communicative neighbor. What
could we put in place that would require certain kinds of communication,
certain kinds of ability for there to be interaction between the neighborhood
and CPI? How could that in some way alter what will be the outcome?
We're not going to be shutting CPI down tonight. That's not going to
happen. That's not in our ability. Where could we go with this? We're
talking about amortization. We're talking about a variety of other things
that are very straightforward, very much can be stipulated. What about that
piece of this challenge?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. You're quite right that even
under the City's view of a minimal amortization period, it is quite a number
of years before there would be any movement of any facility on the site.
That does leave open as a potential fruitful area of discussion whether there
are other types of protective measures that the residents may find useful,
helpful and protective of the residential neighborhood and that the company
may be, in fact, willing to adopt and engage in and/or the City may find
reasonable areas of regulation. I think that if the Council is so inclined to
direct the Staff to work with stakeholders in the community and to
communicate with the company about those potential areas—we would also
want to use our experts—that might be a fruitful area. I don't have and am
not aware that the Planning Department has specific recommendations for
you in that area tonight, but it certainly is an area where I think we could do
some work and see what we can come up with.

Council Member Kniss: It doesn't in any way—I know Samir Tuma spoke to
this. The danger is real in very many ways; however, if this is going to
continue for a certain number of years, it would seem as though the kind of
relationship that CPI has with the community could be quite different. I
don't know if it's been tried before. I see Judy Kleinberg out here tonight
                                                                            Page 65 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
