                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Ellson: Wrapping up. The planned hardscape will provide all of these
safety benefits and improvements.        We've exhaustively studied the
alternatives. Please approve the Concept Plan Lines. Thank you very, very
much for taking on this project. Good night.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I understand it's good for unicyclists as well.

Alison Vanigreen: I'll just say real quickly that I live in Greenmeadow. I
bike. Myself and my husband bike along Arastradero probably twice a week
to go out and get exercise. Our kids bike to school. My 16-year-old is a
new driver on that road. I strongly encourage you to finish the project and
add all the other things in that you're planning to. Thanks.

Nancy Smith: Hello. I'm Nancy Smith. I'm at 785 Montrose Avenue, near
the corner of East Charleston, where I've lived for almost 13 years with my
family. During this time, my kids have attended our neighborhood schools,
Fairmeadow, JLS and Gunn High School. On a daily basis, they have ridden
their bicycles to school along portions of the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor
as have I. I'm currently a parent of a Gunn sophomore and a member of
the Gunn PTSA. I was president of the Gunn general PTSA meeting a year
ago when the membership unanimously approved the proposal to support
the Plan Line Concepts for the corridor project, mainly because of the clear
benefits of this plan for our student cyclists and pedestrians on this route.
Since then, speeds have been reduced; accidents have been reduced; and
the number of students bicycling to school instead of arriving by vehicle has
also increased. All positive consequences of the striping improvements. As
a frequent cyclist myself, I'm grateful for the safer cycling experienced so far
along this corridor. Approving the final stages of this plan will increase the
safety improvements and will also improve the east-west drive for motorists.
I'm also a motorist; I understand the frustrations. I've been keeping track
of progress on this project for years, greatly anticipating its successful
completion. We've come a long way. Now, it is time to approve the final
phase. I urge you to do so tonight. Please vote yes, in favor of approving
the Concept Plan Lines for the final hardscape installation of the Charleston-
Arastradero plan. Thank you.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. The
objective of this project was supposedly to avoid any spillover traffic into
adjacent streets. The Staff repeatedly says that's been accomplished and
there's been no increase in traffic on Maybell. Both statements are false. If
you look at the Staff Report, packet page 591, where actual traffic counts
are given, while traffic increased along Arastradero by almost 10 percent at
Cemetery, a little over 10 percent on Pomona, which we can attribute to
                                                                         Page 86 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
