                          TRANSCRIPT
Amy Christel: Here I am again. Thank you for giving me this opportunity
yet again. I'm struck—I have a whole script written, but I'm struck by the
relationship of the last topic you considered to the one that is before you
right now. My basic question is why are we having this discussion now after
the airport has been in your hands for a year without such minimum
standards, and who is not providing the kind of services that these standards
seek to provide, and what is inadequate about the situation right now that
we are rushing to accept minimum standards on an interim basis that will
essentially allow leases to be granted for whatever period of time,
grandfathered, and put us in the same situation that the residents of Barron
Park have been in, where you cannot extract yourself from an arrangement,
a lease, a contract for a service provider that is not in the best interest of
the rest of the community. Maybe I'm borrowing trouble, but I think not.
One of the City's stated goals of establishing minimum standards includes
minimizing impacts on the surrounding residents. Yet, nothing, not one
word, in these interim standards addresses impacts on residents. Not the
possibility of increasing congestion in air traffic. Not the possibility of low
flying helicopters and more helicopter training services, parachuting,
skydiving, the list goes on, taxi services, something such as Surf Air which is
a quasi non-commercial enterprise. I just wonder if perhaps we need a
citizens advisory group to work on establishing long-term standards and skip
the whole interim process and be a little bit patient and get something
installed that really considers the entire community's desires for what should
be and what shouldn't be out at that airport. I realize we have FAA
guidelines to work within, but I think we can still come up with something
better than what is before you tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Mark Shull to be followed by Rachel Kellerman.

Mark Situll: Thank you. My concern is similar. This just seems like at the
eleventh hour, just before where the City Council is asked to vote on a
measure, an agreement, we find out indirectly as citizens. It reminds me of
something that's happened to Palo Alto over the last couple of years, over
the last year. In April of 2014, the City received a letter, Jim Keene, from
the FAA that said we're establishing updated arrival routes and/or fixes to
the EA, which is environmental assessment airports. Aircraft bound for
those airports would use optimized procedures to transition from high
altitude route to an existing route. The implementation is not anticipated to
increase the number of aircraft operations. Guess what happened? Over 54
percent of all flights now go over Palo Alto. They didn't. They now fly 4,000
feet. They established a new arrival route. They said no new routes, but
they did. We're now—the way the FAA has basically designed this is they
have said that there's less noise. The way they get to less noise is they
concentrated all the routes, all the noise into one location. Guess what?
                                                                            Page 87 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
