                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I just wanted to briefly respond to some concerns
and notions that have been expressed by colleagues. First, that it is true
that we need to have systematic solutions to the issues of traffic and
congestion, both in this area and throughout the City. I want to remind my
colleagues that we have had two major Council goals and commitments that
affect this on top of the entire Transportation Management Association that
we've launched. As part of that is a commitment to a 30 percent reduction
in single-occupancy vehicle trips. That's much easier said than done, but it's
incumbent on us to carry that out, fund the programs and have the
comprehensive programs to accomplish that. Second, just last week we had
a review of the discussion around Stanford Research Park and the
constraints that we intend to place on Stanford Research Park on net vehicle
trips and not allowing future increases in vehicle trips. If we implement
those two things, the projections for this corridor on future trip demand will
go down from the projections and perhaps be eliminated. I also did want to
respond to the notion that there's data that indicates that the increase in
congestion in this area of town is almost entirely due to housing growth. I
don't think that's accurate. I don't think data will support that. Just in this
upper corridor, we have thousands of jobs that have been added at the VA
and VMware. Those are morning trips and evening trips. People come from
101, up that corridor as well as from 280 to get to those locations. I just
don't think that that's supported by data. I wanted to put that out there.
We cannot control the job growth at the VA Hospital. That's something we
have to contend with through other means, but we can control the job
growth in the Research Park and the trip growth. I think we want to look at
things not just based upon the arguments we want to make, but actually as
objectively as we can and as effectively as we can.

Mayor Holman: Just briefly, I had one question for Staff. That had to do
with—Mr. Hastings brought up the left turns onto Grove.      Could Staff
respond to his question or concern please?

Ms. Boyd: Sure. That was one of the two changes we made since we went
to PTC in April. We removed the median that went through the Grove
intersection to allow left turns from Charleston onto Grove and from Grove
onto Charleston. That is shown on Sheet 21. On Sheet 21, in the left-hand
portion of the drawing, you can see there's a gap in the median that was
previously filled in when we went to PTC. Based on comments we heard
about access to that neighborhood, we removed it to allow left turns in and
out.

Mayor Holman: That addresses the concern that was raised then still this
evening?
                                                                       Page 102 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
