                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I had three comments. I agree the County parking thing is a
great idea. Secondly, there are aspects for the Sherman Avenue site that
aren't just about transportation. The nature of the blocks in Cal. Avenue
form the urban pattern. If we add things behind the main Cal. Avenue,
keeping that fabric has a lot of value. I don't think we've mentioned, but
we've talked about it many times, that this is something you want to do
sooner than later. Time is really money in this situation. We've got a
project that's got a $47 million construction estimate, if we didn't have the
land cost on it. A year or two ago we were seeing 20-30 percent annual
increases in the construction cost index. They may not be quite as high as
that now. Even a 10 percent increase a year is almost $5 million, so we
lose. That's something important to remember. I would invert the way
we're talking about our situation right now. We going, "We don't have a lot
of options." We're talking about one viable option. It's not that I'm trying
to sell that one. At the same time, we're always talking about for the most
part we're a built out City. We're responding to demands for other building
to take place and saying, "Our City is really built out." We can't be acting
like we're some vacant land place that ought to have a lot of options. We
don't. We have some options where we own the land. That immediately
saves us $10 million that could be reprogrammed for something else. It
could be a for a second garage or doing something even better. Lastly,
Council Member Klein was a big proponent of this amongst other Members of
the Council. To the extent that we can get going sooner than later and
there's anything we can do, even the design of a parking garage could be
done in an interesting, artistic, creative way that could also enhance the
quality, particularly if we were in that area. We shouldn't lose sight of that
thought also. The issue of aesthetics has been on this Council's mind a lot,
and there are opportunities there. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I appreciate what you're saying. The only thing about
Number 8, that site, it sounds like there hasn't even been conversation with
the County about what it might take or not take.

Council Member DuBois: If Sherman's the site, I think you just said it. We
need to see the plan for the parking garage at the same time.

Action Items

2a.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation Regarding Changes
      to City Council and Standing Committee Minutes.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members.
Beth Minor, City Clerk. I have a very short presentation for you, but no
PowerPoint. On December 16th, Policy and Services Committee met to

                                                                        Page 53 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
