                          TRANSCRIPT
project. Any of those would be a prejudicial abuse of discretion and a
violation of the California Environmental Quality Act. I'm surprised that so
much effort has been made to bring people here tonight, when the people
organizing all these people to come here knew or should have known that
this is a project subject to environmental review, and that you're constrained
in what you can approve or not approve.             Bruce Heister indicated a
segmented project, the $5 million is just for the current project. Lisa
Hendrickson said it would be a conditional approval. The Staff Report is
confusing about the $5 million of whether it is a match for the challenge
grant or whether it'll somehow encourage somebody else to match the
challenge grant. Bruce Heister made it clear that it is not a match to the
challenge grant and, therefore, the deadline of the end of the year, because
it's related to the challenge grant, has nothing to do with the need for the $5
million at this time. There are nine other communities that have citizens
who use Avenidas. It's not a majority of the people use Avenidas, it's
something less than 50 percent, but it's a large number, while the City of
Palo Alto in terms of providing the land is providing millions of dollars worth
of support. There's no indication any of those communities are supporting
Avenidas in the same way relative to the number of their constituents who
use Avenidas. Some of those are wealthier than Palo Alto if you do it on the
basis of per user. We're talking about Stanford, Atherton, Woodside, Portola
Valley, Los Altos Hills and Los Altos. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Does Staff have any wrap-up comments or
response to any of the speakers? Okay. Council Members, a couple of
things here. One is that when it comes time for a motion, Council Member
Kniss had asked much earlier today if she would be allowed to make the
motion, because she has been liaison to Avenidas for a number of years. I
think that seems appropriate. In the meantime, if you have questions or
comments, why don't we do a round of three minutes each? Before we go
to that, Herb Borock is correct it's 10:00. It would be a good time to get
indication if the Council's pleasure is to conclude tonight's agenda. There
are three items after this on the agenda. Each of them is considered to be
fairly short items, each one being allocated 15-30 minutes. Can I see
indication from Council Members that we are willing to conclude the agenda
this evening? Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I might ask if we—just because I know we often
have ambitions of things going quickly and they don't always do that. Might
we want to reorder things? I'd like to see the Colleagues Memo move up in
the order, but I don't know how time sensitive Items 22 and 23 are. That's
a question more for Staff than anybody else.

Mayor Holman: City Attorney.
                                                                       Page 74 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
