                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I see that it says that Council felt that the
PTC version blends the concepts of parks and open space together, and
there's no mention of conservation in the Vision Statement.

Council Member DuBois: The suggestions by Council and then they were
going to come back with minor revisions. I'm just saying I'd like to see that
continue, not that we were erasing these comments that we already gave.

Council Member Scharff: What does Staff want to do?

Ms. Gitelman: We didn't know that this was the consensus of the Council.
These were from individual Council Members, these bullet points.

Council Member Scharff: Why don't we go ahead and—why don't you try
and add some language and get it done?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we ...

Council Member Scharff: I'm fine with the Vision Statement the way it is,
but I'm not necessarily opposed to—if there's some language you want to
suggest, suggest it.

Council Member DuBois: I agree with these bullet points. I would love to
see some minor revisions that encompass these bullet points.

Ms. Gitelman: We obviously need to make minor revisions to pull out that
last sentence about the Safety that would go into a new Vision Statement for
Safety.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, is your intention to add as an
amendment to the Motion the five bullet points that are on Page 3?

Council Member DuBois: Again, I didn't think we were talking about vision
tonight. We were talking about structure and goals. I would actually have a
friendly amendment that we just drop adopting the vision from this Motion
and just focus on goals tonight, and that Staff come back. I guess I would
move Staff will develop minor revisions based on the Study Session to the
vision.

Council Member Scharff: No. I'd rather do the language tonight if you have
particular things you want to put in. I don't necessarily think they're minor
revisions. I think it's fine if there is some stuff you want to add. I think this
is a compendium of what Council Members added. If there's particular stuff
you want to put in there, I'm fine to look at that and say let's do that. I
actually don't think—we want to get it done and be over with, and we don't
want to come back and look at it. We want to give direction to the CAC,
                                                                          Page 39 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
