                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Out of an abundance of caution, I traded either
emails or phone calls with the Applicant and the Appellant at the stage when
I wasn't sure if I'd be able to participate. I let them know I wasn't sure if I'd
be able to participate. I found out that I would be able to participate on
Friday, and I haven't had a chance to connect with either of them. I haven't
had any substantive conversations with either the Appellant or the Applicant.
I haven't learned anything new that's not available to the public.

Council Member Scharff: I had lots of conversations with the Appellant, the
Applicant, the architect, the florist next door, the person across the street
who owns the house, random citizens walking by in that area when I spent
time on the site. I had lots of conversations with everybody. I learned a
couple of things that have influenced my thinking which I will disclose a little
bit. First of all, I gained an appreciation and a concern for the circulation,
which is not addressed in the Staff Report, at least I didn't feel it was. When
I talked to the florist, for instance, there was a concern about deliveries and
her trucks and people blocking the alleyway and lots of cars going down the
alley and how that would affect them. When I talked to the homeowner
across the street, there was a concern about the cars coming out and what
the traffic would be like there. That's really a circulation issue, not a traffic
issue. There were lots of those questions that I didn't necessarily have
answered in my mind. The Applicant also mentioned that the two trees,
right there on Kipling Street, were going to go away. I checked into that a
little bit, and my understanding is that the City wants to replace those trees.
That's not required by the Applicant for the building. It was the Appellant
who made the point to me. I want some explanation at some point about
the trees. There were several people, I think it was the homeowner and the
yoga studio people next door, that had concerns about the shadows of the
building. There's a little park-like setting on the alleyway. How that would
affect the sun and all of that. I didn't see a sun study. I don't know if we
have one, but I didn't see one. That became a concern for me. I also found
out and understood that we're going to have some retail on Kipling Street,
which I didn't realize that there was going to be an opening on Kipling Street
which would bring people down Kipling Street and make Kipling Street more
vibrant. That was something I hadn't realized when I was doing that. In
fact, when I spoke to the appellant, the appellant didn't understand that. At
least that was the discussion I thought we had. I thought that was
interesting. It was going to be a huge increase in the amount of store
frontage which I didn't realize at the time. I thought that was an interesting
thing. There should be more retail in terms of store frontage, but less in
terms of actual. The other thing that someone told me I thought was
interesting was that originally the Applicant wanted to do a bistro on the
fourth floor section instead of the office. On that fourth floor, they wanted
to do a bistro up there, which would have been more retail and would have
                                                                         Page 23 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
