                         TRANSCRIPT
time and getting four out of five Supervisors to agree. It's actually really
difficult to get the transportation measure on. I think what we want to do is
try and advocate for a measure we can support. If there's a measure we
can't support, we could frankly put on a countermeasure of a 1/2-cent sales
tax which would probably kill their measure. I mean, if people had a choice
of voting for our measure or their measure, they may not get two-thirds to
support their measure. If you're thinking about leverage on the measure,
putting on our own measure really makes it unlikely their measure will pass,
if we do a 1/2-cent for instance at that. That whole train of thought in my
mind is how do we get there, how do we get what we want. The other thing
I'm thinking a little bit about is the San Mateo process. If we did our own
mini San Mateo process, I guess I'm going to ask Staff this, and basically
went for 1/4-cent sales tax increase and dedicated that purely to grade
separation stuff, it only generates—what is it? $6 1/2 or $6.8 million a year.
I suppose that probably increases as our sales tax increases. Does that
provide the base funding where we can go out then and do the work that we
need to do to seek those other funding sources, State, local and Federal
funding sources, that allows us to do our own San Mateo-type process to
move that forward because we'd have $7 million a year roughly towards
grade separations. Is that something that's worth pursuing or does that
make no sense?          If we're not going to compete with the current
transportation measure, we don't have to put it on now, because that 1/4-
cent will still survive. We could think about that and put it on later, or we
could put it on in a June election. We could do other things. I'll ask Staff
what they think about that, if that's a worthwhile approach.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) I think we want to look at this (inaudible) looking at.

Council Member Scharff: If we wanted you to look at that, we'd just direct
you to go ahead and look at something like that I suppose.

Mr. Keene: I mean, it's just sort of run some combinations of the numbers
under these different scenarios. I mean, this is funding that would be used
in conjunction with other funding.

Council Member Scharff: Obviously that's not enough to do grade sep. I
mean $7 million a year or $6 million are not going (inaudible), but it may do
all the design work that you need to do and some matching funds. I don't
know. Sometimes these matching funds, from what I understand, they only
require you to put in 10 percent, right? Obviously 10 percent of $7 million
gets you—if you had $70 million up there, that actually starts to be some
serious moving the—I like that—moves the needle. I don't think we really
have enough information at this point to be wanting to put on our own
measure. I fear that we'll never have enough information, because it'll be a

                                                                         Page 50 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
