                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Okay, that's ...

Council Member Burt: (crosstalk) change.

Mayor Holman: ... accepted by Council Member DuBois. Pat?

Council Member Wolbach: (crosstalk) move as soon as possible. I don't
think Staff's going to come back to us in five years with this or something if
we don't say as soon as possible.

Ms. Stump: I think we understand the Council's direction that they'd like to
see that ordinance before there be any digging, so that digging occurs once.
I think we understand that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, you're good with that?

Council Member Burt: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part E, “as soon as
possible.”

Council Member Wolbach: Also, on the wireless stuff, I just want to make
sure I'm clear that it looks like in Part 2 of the Staff recommendation, on
page 1 of the Staff Report, 227 of the packet, it looks like you—I want to
make sure I understand—you've split the recommendation. Part of it, you
had concerns about and so it's in "B(b)(ii)." The other part regarding Public
Safety and Utilities, you've pulled out and said yes, that's fine, so we're
going to move forward with that. Is that a correct reading of what this
does?

Council Member DuBois: No. On page 5 and 6, there's one, two, three and
four. I am including one, three and four, and two is not included at all here
which is consistent with Staff's recommendations. None of two is in here.

Council Member Wolbach: Do we need to clarify in "C" that this is relating to
wireless? It doesn't or is it—I guess my recommendation would be to issue
an RFP to add dedicated wireless facilities to improve communications for
Public Safety and Utilities Departments. It would be closer to the Staff
recommendation on ...


                                                                       Page 68 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
