                         TRANSCRIPT
The plan shall include these planned improvements. The project that's being
discussed in the EIR is now being added to the Long Range Facilities Plan
and has the same status as the other things in the Long Range Facilities
Plan. None of those things were approved as projects on which we're going
to act without coming back to you for funding approval, for design approval,
for construction approval. You have all these touch points on all these
projects including this one. I just don't see a ...

Council Member Burt: Phil, I appreciate that. There are times where we do
have recurring touch points, but then at the same time if we've adopted a
policy direction, those touch points have already been pointing us down a
path. Councils in certain times, not necessarily in this one, we've said,
"What are you doing wanting to reconsider this? There was a policy
decision. The prior Council set this policy decision. You're going to reverse
that?" I think we have to be careful that it's not only a question of whether
we would have touch points, but whether we have established a policy
direction that is premature. One question I would have is the final sentence
in that paragraph, is that necessary. Molly, you mentioned that ..

Unknown: What page (inaudible)?

Council Member Burt: This is 165 of the packet, Section 1. The Council
hereby directs the City Manager and City Staff to proceed with the
development of the Recycled Water Project. Development, I think, is
suggesting more than just incorporating this into the plan. Is that sentence
necessary?

Ms. Stump: I'm working on some language to modify it to actually have it
describe more specifically the interim steps that the Staff had described and
that you are also expecting. I think we can do that. Frankly, we're trying to
hit a legal threshold here. We're trying to get the statute of limitations to
run.

Council Member Burt: Yep, I understand that. Maybe while you're working
on that, I'll turn it over to my colleagues. I appreciate you guys giving me
extra time on this.

Mayor Holman: Did Staff have anything else that they wanted to address in
response to Council Member Burt's comments or questions at this point?




                                                                     Page 114 of 130
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/28/15
