                         TRANSCRIPT
Chuck Ferry, Firefighters Eric Schill and Rayne Mahaffey make up a Palo Alto
crew who is fighting the Butte fire. The crew is doing structure protection of
homes, supporting back burning operations and working on 24-hour
rotations.    Last Saturday night, a second Palo Alto fire engine was
dispatched to the Valley fire, which is a very dangerous fire that has been
pushed by unusually strong west and northwest winds through the
communities of Cobb, Middletown and Hidden Valley Lake. Captain Ken
Green, Apparatus Operator Nick Penko, Firefighter Manny Macias and
Firefighter/Paramedic Kyle Salisbury make up the Valley fire crew. They too
are doing structure protection of homes and working 24-hour rotations.
Both could be deployed for up to 14 days. Chief Nickel has said that in his
28-year career he'd not seen a fire burn this kind of acreage in a populated
area in such a short period of time of 12 hours. We are backfilling both
crews in off-duty staffing and using our two reserve fire engines so there is a
continuity of operations for Palo Alto and Stanford. The Mayor and I were
talking earlier and said it might be kind of nice to get a letter from home.
We drafted a letter to the two crews that, before you all leave, Ed is going to
pass around. It's got your name on each one, and we could all sign it and
send it off to them tomorrow morning. It'd be kind of a nice thing to get in
the middle of that sort of thing. Do I need to say any more about the RPP
program or have we kept you informed enough? I mean, there still is
confusion out there. It's fine. Yes, no?

Mayor Holman: I think the very subtle sign in the City Hall lobby is probably
message enough.

Mr. Keene: What I would just say is I think it's—let's be clear. The program
has started today. We have started enforcement. It has been a bit gentler
way of putting notices out there, because we had a lot of residents who were
having difficulty navigating the system and other things. We thought it
would be disconcerting for folks to first day come out and get slapped with a
warning on their car. We've opened up this opportunity. We've had a lot of
people coming in today to be able to work with the folks to be able to
register. I think by the end of the week we'll be able to report back to the
Council where we see the schedule on moving to the actual next phase. I
think that will be pretty quick. We'll keep you posted on all of those things.
I don't know if Director Gitelman has sent to the Council yet a memo that
we've been working on related to the ongoing dispute between ABAG and
MTC. Of course, Council Member Scharff is the City's representative to the
ABAG Executive Committee. The dispute arose really in our understanding
when MTC withheld partial funding for ABAG and suggested that the
planning function within ABAG should be subsumed by MTC. While it's easy
to be critical of ABAG and we often are, local agencies have a larger role in
the governance structure of ABAG than MTC generally. Discussions about
                                                                        Page 93 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
