                          TRANSCRIPT
along El Camino were CN. There were some CS until they were developed
for housing, like the senior housing there. The same thing on Page Mill. We
had the four residential units; we recently talked about that project. There
were very few exceptions along El Camino, except where there were auto-
related uses and hotels which were zoned CS. In the last ten years or so,
there's been some upzoning. PF does allow medical outpatient facilities
which doesn't seem like a terrible use right next to the senior housing. I
actually like this medical building that you guys built. To my mind, I think
either PF or CN seems most appropriate. That's what I'd encourage Staff to
spend time on in terms of applications for the lot.

Mayor Holman: I took time to ask a question for hopefully informing Council
Members earlier. I'll just make a couple of other comments. Some of us
have spent a fair amount of time with the Grand Boulevard design. It seems
to me that housing would be appropriate here, not an all housing project but
ground-floor retail if it's a CS or a CN, one or the other. Certainly anything
above two or three stories would have to be stepped back consistent with
those and the El Camino Design Guidelines. I think CC(2), it seems to me,
is spot zoning, because there's really nothing that close to this site that is
CC(2). I don't need to repeat what all Tom said about the zoning around
here. If you look at trying to enliven corners, I mean one of the ways you
do that is with larger setbacks. This is a very major intersection; it's a
heavily impacted intersection. One of the ways that you enliven them with
people is to put people at them. If you have some ground-floor activity and
housing above, you've got housing on two sides of this. One of the things
that's really hard with prescreenings and with projects in general that come
forward is this one side of the intersection is being looked at kind of by itself.
Page Mill Square was talked about once, but the El Camino projects that are
across the street south, they're services. I think Tom mentioned, again,
how the height is constrained on one of those projects, but those are
services. One of them has gone in there just this year, and they seem to be
doing very well. I don't think an argument could be said that service or
retail couldn't survive at this intersection. Again, if we're going to try to
follow the Grand Boulevard design, south El Camino Design Guidelines, then
that seems to me what this intersection should be. I think that's all I'm
going to say, since I had a couple of comments earlier. Does anybody have
any wrap-up comments or any they want to particularly associate your
comments with somebody else's? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Not with somebody else's. I mean, we've kind of
gone around in many different directions. One of the questions that Council
Member Filseth addressed was PF, what one does with PF, that we don't
have much PF left. As a City, when a developer has purchased a piece of
property which has a PF zone and it is not, as Hillary said, a private—what
                                                                          Page 62 of 101
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/15/15
