                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The fact that there's a conditional use permit
required, would that make any difference? Would there be any discretion on
the City not to grant the conditional use permit?

Ms. Gitelman: Based on all of the evidence that we have in the record, I
think we would be able to apply site-specific conditions to the use, but I
don't believe we would be able to prevent them from obtaining a use permit
and moving 300 feet away as anticipated by this ordinance.

Council Member Scharff: Then there's some sense, in the Staff Report that
in 2052 then it goes away. I guess I don't read it that way. I read it that
you can still have the plating shop. You can still have the uses. They just
can't be within 300 feet of a residence.

Ms. Gitelman: That is correct. The plating shop could remain, and the uses
in Buildings 1 and 1A could be moved 300 feet away. We happen to know,
however, that the term of their lease is up around that time.            Our
expectation is that the uses would be relocated effectively at the end of the
lease.

Council Member Scharff: Unless they renewed their lease for some reason.
There was that comment about liquid nitrogen. I was a little confused on
that. Is that a hazardous material, just having a tank of liquid nitrogen or
did I misunderstand?

Mr. Worobel: I'm going to make sure I get this correct with the City's
hazardous materials specialist. As I understand it, the liquid nitrogen that
occurs and is found at Target Discovery is not considered toxic, highly toxic
within the City. The chemicals that were identified are a miscellaneous
group of, I believe it was flammable liquids. My understanding is when the
inventory forms are completed, if a particular chemical is going to fall below
the CUPA thresholds, the business is told to go ahead and aggregate those
different chemicals. In this particular case with a number of miscellaneous
liquids, each of which would be below the 55 gallons of the CUPA threshold,
they could be aggregated. The aggregate amount at Target Discovery was
110 gallons, but no one specific chemical exceeded the CUPA threshold.
That's kind of the conversation I'm trying to have further with Target
Discovery to make sure I understand that properly. That's why the Planning
Director suggested they may come off the list.

Council Member Scharff: Just briefly, I was in Town and Country over the
weekend.    I think they have a tank of liquid nitrogen for the new
cryotherapy store next to Douce France, where you can freeze yourself at
150 below Fahrenheit or something like that for three minutes. I just

                                                                           Page 64 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
