                             MINUTES
Caltrain right-of-way. The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) and
the FRA would inspect and approve work before a quiet zone was
established.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if barriers would be installed on both sides of the
road.

Mr. Hackmann responded yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if barriers would hamper traffic.

Mr. Hackmann explained that vehicles caught on the tracks as gate arms
lowered would have to drive under or through one of the gate arms.

Vice Mayor Schmid referenced correspondence regarding liability insurance,
and inquired about the cost for that.

Ms. Stump reported the City maintained excess liability insurance of over $1
million. Neighboring communities reported the cooperative that carried the
insurance wished to either carve out quiet zones or negotiate a separate
policy for quiet zones.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if Staff had an estimate of the cost for such policy.

Ms. Stump answered no. Staff could not negotiate an insurance policy
without Council direction. The City's current insurance coverage included
liability in excess of $1 million. A lawsuit involving significant property or
physical injury and involving a train could fall within that range. Should the
insurance carrier change the policy, then the City would have to contract for
separate insurance or bear costs through self-insurance.

Council Member Burt inquired whether median barriers were located uprail
and downrail of an intersection.

Mr. Hackmann indicated they were perpendicular to the intersection and
would be located over existing yellow stripes.

Council Member Burt asked if installation of both quad barriers and median
gates was viable.

Mr. Hackmann replied yes. The FRA supported that type of installation.

Council Member Burt inquired about data regarding the safety of horns and
dual gates versus no horns and quad gates and versus no horns and quad
gates and median gates.


02/09/2015                                                             116- 454
