                         TRANSCRIPT
the table providing the comparison in this case between the current
Comprehensive Plan and the Planning and Transportation Commission's
version are difficult to compare, because the point of the Planning and
Transportation Commission's input to a large extent was to reorganize the
Goals and the structure of the plan itself. You can't really compare the two
columns, except as a whole in each of the Elements. We'd like to know what
you think about this structure, whether you'd like to stick with the structure
of the current Comprehensive Plan, whether you see some value in the
direction that the Planning and Transportation Commission was heading,
streamlining and clarifying that structure as it's reflected in the Goals and
subheadings, or whether you think there should be some synthesis that
provides a little easier crosswalk between the two columns. With that, I will
stop talking. Just a final slide to show the next steps. We're hoping to get
some general direction from the Council this evening. We'll next talk about
the Comprehensive Plan at the May 30th Summit. Immediately thereafter, I
hope to commence these community work sessions and continue to work
with the City Council through some of the issues that need to be addressed
in the Comprehensive Plan Update through the rest of the year. We also
anticipate there will be periodic check-ins and again crosswalk between the
Council and the community sessions. I'd be happy to answer any questions.
Most of all, I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts on all of these
issues, process and organization. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Ms. Gitelman. I have no cards from any
members of the public. I see no one rushing to fill out a card, so we will
bring it back to Council. Council Members, a reminder here, as Director
Gitelman said, we're not going to be looking at wordsmithing here. We're
looking for vision direction to the Staff.

Council Member DuBois: Thinking about the session and my comments...

Mayor Holman: Could I intervene just for second?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: If we can, let's try to make our comments in the range of
seven minutes. If we need to do more than one round, we can certainly do
that. So we don’t...

Council Member DuBois: You took the words out of my mouth. I was
personally thinking of three rounds. I had some general comments I wanted
to keep short, and then I thought maybe if we did a round on the Vision of
each Element and then a round on the Goals. It's hard to do it all at once.


                                                                         Page 24 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
