                          TRASNCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
adopt as the Transportation Element Vision Statement:

A.    Build and maintain a sustainable network of safe, accessible and
      efficient transportation and parking solutions for all users and modes,
      while protecting and enhancing the quality of life in Palo Alto
      neighborhoods.      Programs will include alternative and innovative
      transportation processes; and

B.    The adverse impacts of automobile traffic on the environment in
      general and residential streets in particular, will be reduced; and

C.    Streets will be safe and attractive, and designed to enhance the quality
      and aesthetics of Palo Alto neighborhoods; and

D.    Palo Alto recognizes the regional nature of our transportation system,
      and will be a leader in seeking regional transportation solutions
      through long-term planning.

Council Member Burt: To speak to it, I think this has a stronger overall
introduction that we are committing to a comprehensive program and then
draws some of the best elements of the Council direction and the prior vision
statement from the existing Comp Plan.

Mayor Holman: In speaking to the second, I appreciate the motion very
much. There is no reference to greenhouse gases.

Council Member Burt: Since that was substituted with that last "Palo Alto
recognizes" sentence from the old Comp Plan, "be a leader in seeking
regional transportation solutions and reduction of greenhouse gases through
long-term planning." I'm still going to defer to Staff to sculpt this when they
get it back. We just want to make sure we have the elements there.

Mayor Holman: I'm good with that and appreciate the motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Section D, “to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions” after “transportation solutions.”

Council Member Burt: Cory was mentioning to me that really we don't even
want to limit it to greenhouse gases. We do have—maybe this is the place
to put it. In that first edition where it says "the adverse impacts of
automobile traffic on the environment in general and residential streets in
particular will be reduced," that talks about other—yeah, maybe we'll break
it up that way. On the local level, we're talking about other environmental

                                                                       Page 110 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
