                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: When I had the conversation—maybe I misunderstood it--
earlier with Director Gitelman, they're related. If we adopt at one place, we
need to adopt at the other place. If I understood correctly.

Mr. Lait: Just so I'm on the same page as everybody else.        We're at the
bottom of page 27?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Mr. Lait: We're talking about this provision. I'm going to ask Amy to
explain this. I do think that there's a distinction between this section,
though, and the other section. This one is applying to, I think, a broader
range of properties and also building height as opposed to (crosstalk).

Ms. French: That's correct. 18.23, I put this up on the screen. It's an
administrative change, and it forecasts the change in 18.40 where we're
getting specific as to this 8 feet pertaining to commercial zones where 15
feet is still suggested, as out in the Research Park, etc., for those large
buildings that need the taller ...

Mayor Holman: This also is for multifamily.

Ms. French: Yes, that is correct. This whole chapter is about performance
standards when you're single-family homes for commercial and industrial
and ...

Mayor Holman: Not single-family homes.

Ms. French: It's when it's within 150 feet of residential. Yes, it does say
multifamily. I'm sorry, this is above the roof. This is not above—the later
change. Let me get you to the later change that's in Attachment E. This
one, 18.40, is about adding 15 feet above the height limit. Let's say it's 50
feet. This one before it, "23," it's to say go 15 feet above the roof. It still
may be under the height limit, if it's a shorter building or what have you.
This one, 18.40, is specific to exceeding the height limit.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to add that to our list of come back to us.
18.23.050, 15 feet versus 8 feet.

Mr. Lait: As a Tier 2 discussion?

Mayor Holman: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Yes.
                                                                        Page 91 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
