                         TRANSCRIPT
organization, which again I think it would be good to register, but perhaps
not charge a fee. Again, that discussion about fee or no fee, definitions and
thresholds, I think that belongs in Policy and Services. I won't support the
amendment.

Mayor Holman: Yes?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Excuse me. I'd just like to clarify that in the help text for
the number of employees question, we do ask for that to include
contractors, volunteers, full-time and part-time. Secondly, in my brief
conversation with the City Attorney, I think that a home-based rental would
be considered a home-based business and, therefore, under the current
ordinance would be exempt.

Mayor Holman: The amendment as presented is, Council Member Scharff
moved, seconded by Council Member Filseth, to replace motion—to replace,
okay. To replace in motion part a sentence to ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Motion Part "a."

Mayor Holman: Motion Part "a," the "a" should have a period after it or
parentheses around it or something. Parens around it would be helpful A
sentence with exempt very small businesses, very small nonprofits and
religious organizations with no ancillary business onsite. Now I understand
the amendment. Seeing no other lights, vote on the Motion—on the board
please. That passes on a 5-4 vote with Council Members Berman, Scharff,
Filseth, Holman and Wolbach voting in favor. That's been incorporated into
the main Motion.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, DuBois, Kniss, Schmid no

Mayor Holman: Are there any other comments on the main Motion or
questions? I have but one, seeing no other lights. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to say to Council Member DuBois,
if you want to propose an amendment to the main Motion that directs Policy
and Services to review short-term rental businesses, I'd be happy to support
it. I'd rather you came up with the language though.

Mayor Holman: While you're thinking about that, I have a ...

Council Member Burt: (crosstalk) just did. I think you just did. It's that
simple. Just say what you said.

Council Member Filseth: Whatever I said, I will propose as an amendment.

                                                                      Page 37 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
