                          TRANSCRIPT
beautiful apartment units on the top floor. They have the compelling view to
the western hills. The project itself will require that we pay nearly $500,000
into the affordable housing bucket which we are happy to do. Two years
ago, we met with the housing coalition, and they had identified projects
where the money would be useful, as we know it would. As mentioned, we
were able to sharpen our pencil and tuck in all of the parking underneath in
the three floors, so it is a fully parked project on this small site. You can go
to the next one. What are the things that we're willing to give? We had
public benefits before that are not required, so we said let's offer them as
conditions of approval voluntarily. The main item to give would be two land
dedications, subsurface rights, curb and gutter, sidewalk, public easements
to increase the traffic efficiency. We're also offering voluntarily traffic
calming devices in the neighborhood, Sheridan and Ash, a contribution for
the initial study to kick this off and see what all can be done there, and then
parking sensors from Vimoc that tell you where parking is available in the
area that has been recommended. These things we want to give, but
they're only possible with this CC(2) project as it is right now. Of course,
the meaningful benefit—if you go to the next one—is the widening of the
Page Mill and El Camino intersection and the letter from the County that
states that this improvement and dedication is necessary to improve the
efficiency of the intersection. Next. We're also offering—we thought it was
important to note—advanced sustainable building design elements such as
the LEED silver standard, electrical vehicle charging stations on the site,
highly efficient design of irrigation for landscaping and street trees,
comprehensive recycling and composting, and an all electric HVAC system.
Also offering some transportation leadership, the significant performance
improvements at the intersection.          It's fully parked with no existing
intersection impact. We're offering bicycle pods for use of rental bicycles,
Zyp or Enterprise WeCars onsite, Caltrain passes for tenants and employees.
A Stanford Research Park/Caltrain shuttle contribution of course is required.
The total cost of these features, the last transportation and sustainable
features, is about $700,000, but we're not asking for credit for that. As
much as we can do to help we're trying to do here. I think it's a lot for this
small site. It's a mixed-use project that fulfills many City design and
Comprehensive Plan goals. We've considered this quite a bit and feel that at
this corner, with a liberal 33-foot space in the front for public space and with
a beautiful high tech water feature that's tucked underneath there that you
can't see, that over time Palo Alto is going to appreciate having a prominent
anchor building equal in stature to the senior assisted living building and
announces your arrival as you go to the Cal. Avenue shopping district, as
you're coming from Oregon towards Page Mill, welcomes you into the
Stanford Research Park with a modern building that will stand the test of
time. I think I made it. Thank you for your consideration, and happy to
address questions.
                                                                         Page 46 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
