                              MINUTES
Ms. Lee reported that the JPB directed Caltrain staff to work outside CEQA to
identify methods to address significant impacts. Caltrain was committed to
identifying ways to work with cities.

Council Member Berman stated that the City had no guarantee that
mitigations would occur because Caltrain claimed CEQA preemption.

Mr. Walters explained that the three intersections were constrained by
crossings and traffic lights. Caltrain identified mitigations that could address
the impact at some locations. At constrained locations, the only mitigations
were to widen the roadway or construct grade separations, both of which
were cost prohibitive for Caltrain.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Caltrain could provide partial
mitigation for impacts, such as funding of planning and engineering costs for
possible grade separation.

Ms. Lee indicated that the JPB adopted the mitigation as identified. Where
Caltrain could establish an effective relationship between the JPB and the
City, Caltrain would work with the City to address issues.

Council Member Berman recalled that the City had worked with Caltrain for
years and worked with other agencies in Santa Clara County to obtain
funding for Caltrain.

Council Member DuBois asked about the frequency of connections between
electric and diesel trains traveling south of San Jose.

Mr. Walters advised that currently three trains travelled north and three
trains travelled south. In 2020 Caltrain would operate both electric and
diesel on the route, some would continue to San Francisco. When fully
electrified, riders would likely transfer at Diridon.  Caltrain owned the
Corridor to just south of the Tamien Station.

Council Member DuBois referred to a recent study that indicated the cost of
trenching would be halved if Caltrain would agree to a 2 percent slope. He
inquired whether Caltrain would agree to a 2 percent slope if Palo Alto could
fund a trench.

Ms. Lee stated the general standard was 1 percent. When cities requested a
variance from 1 percent, Caltrain considered them on a project-by-project
basis.

Council Member DuBois asked if Caltrain had approved a 2 percent slope in
the past.


01/12/2015                                                              116- 300
