                             MINUTES
Council Member Schmid inquired whether the Water District retained the
right to make the allocation decision.

Ms. Stump had not researched the City of Palo Alto's ability to draw on any
kind of obligation the Water District could have to serve all entities in Santa
Clara County. The current allocation from Hetch Hetchy was more than
adequate for the City. She would provide information at a later time.

Council Member Scharff requested an intellectual justification for subsidizing
water rates without charging for the cost of water.

Mr. Fiedler explained that the Water District had various mechanisms to
recover its costs. The State Water Project tax was one mechanism. Water
utilities throughout the state were struggling with fixed costs to provide
service.     The Water District could only charge volumetric rates for
groundwater.      The industry was concerned with finding other fixed
components to recover costs. Trends were to recover fixed costs through
fixed revenues. Legislation signed by the Governor in September 2014
allowed the Water District to consider fixed revenue in the future.

Council Member Scharff did not understand why the people who consumed
water did not pay for it. The people who did not use water subsidized the
rest of Santa Clara County. He asked if south Santa Clara County had lower
water rates.

Mr. Fiedler replied yes. Rates were different between north and south Santa
Clara County. The biggest differential stemmed from the fact that north
Santa Clara County had much more water infrastructure to meet water
needs. The same infrastructure was not present in south Santa Clara
County. If south Santa Clara County had surface water treatment or
additional programs, then it would have higher rates.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff correctly interpreted the language as
State Water Project costs should be recovered through rates.

Mr. Fiedler answered no. The Water District Board established its protocol
through staff interaction. That was a vehicle by which the Board could
decide whether or not to assess charges via groundwater charge or State
Water Project tax.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Palo Alto formerly received a credit
for the State Water Project tax.

Mr. Fiedler advised that Palo Alto and other cities that relied on Hetch Hetchy
water did receive a credit from the late 1970s to approximately 1984.

03/23/2015                                                              117- 126
