                          TRANSCRIPT
Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment: Thank
you, Mayor Holman. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I just wanted
to reiterate that point. This is a prescreening which is similar to a Study
Session. We're not asking for any action this evening. In fact, none of the
comments that the Council makes this evening are binding on the City or on
the applicant. Also, I wanted to make the point that with a prescreening,
the Staff has not done a thorough analysis of this project. We're really here
to find out if the Council has sufficient interest in this proposal for us to do
an analysis. We could, of course, analyze some of the issues that have been
raised this evening, as well as the value of the dedication offered in terms of
the lane dedication when compared to the value of the increment of FAR
under the CC(2) zoning. Tonight, we really want to know if you want us to
spend further time on this and your thoughts about the proposal in general.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you, Hillary.    Council Members?      Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I ...

Mayor Holman: Let's—typical to pre-screenings, we have an hour allowed or
scheduled, let's say. If we abide by that, we'd have about another 25
minutes. Why don't we try to do—can we try three minutes apiece and see
where that gets us? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:         Actually I was remiss.      I should add one
disclosure. I spoke with Steve Emslie, who has been associated with the
project. I did not learn anything that substantially changed my view of the
project. In fact, I called him to warn him that I wasn't thrilled with it. Along
those lines, I do think that there are rights that property owners have. At
the same time, they don't get to dictate exactly what we get to do if we're
considering rezoning a site. For me, the real concerns are what are the big
issues in the City, what are the big issues with that site. The biggest issue
in the City, or two biggest issues in the City in my opinion are, when it
comes to development, traffic and parking, transportation in general and
housing costs. We've talked a lot about both of these. The jobs/housing
imbalance, that flow of traffic that impacts intersections like this, just too
many cars in general, too many cars in particular neighborhoods parking,
and too many jobs without enough housing to balance them out. A project
that would bring a lot of cars in and out—I do appreciate the attempts by the
developer to look for ways to mitigate the traffic impact. I still think we'd be
bringing in a lot of cars every day to an already very impacted area and
more cars in general coming to the City. We heard about how the arteries in
and out of the City are already impacted in general. Even admitted by

                                                                         Page 53 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
