                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I had a couple of questions for legal. Can you folks
quickly summarize on two areas? One is disposition of stuff in the pipeline.
The other is I wanted to ask about Cara's memo about a legal safety valve,
if you'll elaborate on that a little bit.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney.     With respect to the pipeline projects, the legal issue
associated with these is that property owners do not acquire a vested right
to develop a project technically until they have received a building permit,
they've received all of their entitlements and they have started acting on
their building permit. That means that even the pipeline projects that are
listed in your Staff Report that have not received planning entitlements,
while they're considered pipeline projects, they don't legally have a right to
develop the project because they haven't received that building permit and
they haven't acted on it. That being said, historically the Council has
recognized that there is a policy towards protecting property rights in
general. Historically the Council has struck that balance at the point of a
property owner who has gone through the process and received the planning
entitlements, if a conditional use permit is required, if an ARB permit is
required, that type of thing. If all those entitlements have been received,
previous Councils have said that that is a place where it's not fair to say,
"We're going to stop you here and not let you proceed," if there's been a
change in an ordinance. Again, that is a policy choice. Those are the two
different perspectives that we wanted to highlight. With respect to safety
valve, we would recommend that with any ordinance like this that could
potentially affect property rights, that it is good to have what we call a
safety valve exception process. That would allow property owners that think
this would have a particular financial impact such that it would rise to the
level of a taking can assert that right in front of the Council and ask for a
waiver.    You included something like that in your retail preservation
ordinance. We think that is a best practice here.

Council Member Berman: I have a couple of questions predominantly
around El Camino. Apologies for not submitting these in writing ahead of
time. On packet page 921, we have the tables that show the different types
of development over the past 15 years in the three areas that we're looking
at, Cal. Ave., Downtown, El Camino. In El Camino for office and R&D, I
noticed there's only been one year where there's been a lot of development
on El Camino, and that was 2010. Was that one project or does anybody
remember what led to that 34,000 square feet? I understand if you don't.
That's why I should have emailed you ahead of time.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. I would have to look that up.


                                                                       Page 46 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
