                          TRANSCRIPT
neighborhoods. Amy's nodding her head as she recognizes that. I think
that's very much in keeping already in our Comprehensive Plan with doing
these kinds of conservation overlays, Eichler district overlays. I respect and
appreciate the comment about Staff workload and such. I think some of the
Eichler neighborhoods are already thinking about coming forward with
language that would be very close to ordinance language, because there are
other communities who have those kinds of overlays in existence. I don't
want to speak for anyone else, but I know there's been conversation about
that. I would certainly support them coming forward with that kind of effort.
Having to do with—Ms. Thompson mentioned the real estate agents. I know
somebody who lives in one of the single-story overlays that was put in place
some time ago. He reported to me even just a couple of years ago or so
that it's the best thing their neighborhood ever did. Realtors will also say—
some will say, as you mentioned, you've devalued your property. Others
will say that people like to buy into a neighborhood where they know what
the future is. That's what you're providing for your neighborhood with the
approval of this overlay. With that, I see no other lights. The motion on the
board is to adopt the ordinance establishing a single-story overlay district for
83 homes within the Los Arboles Tract.          Vote on the board please.
Congratulations. That passes unanimously on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: City Manager Keene.

Mr. Keene: I don't want to perpetuate the conversation. I'm also a little bit
confused about the feedback. There's both a broader issue related to is
there more detail that ought to be added to the Comp Plan. I think when we
come back on some of the next Comp Plan discussions, we could talk about
that and what that would take. The question though of converting that into
more work whether the Staff is doing it or we're receiving overlay district
concepts from the community, I do think those do engender work and
review by the staff. I just want to make sure that we establish a process on
a kind of going-forward basis for us to be able to absorb those new
initiatives in the course of say a budget year, more so than just every week
sort of thing. If we could just have that discussion. I heard you saying
something a little bit—I heard Council Member Burt talking in a little more
detail than you were in citing the current Comp Plan language. I do think
the best place for us to talk about that would be in some of the upcoming
Comp Plan discussions.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

                                                                            Page 19 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
