                             MINUTES
Mr. Fiedler hoped to receive around 20,000 acre feet from the State Water
Project. When water was available in the State water system, the Water
District could store water to further supply needs in a dry period.

Council Member Burt stated Palo Alto citizens were paying for their
proportionate share of the 20,000 acre feet while receiving only 185 acre
feet of water. That provided a good sense of the proportionality of the
amount Palo Alto citizens paid versus the benefit they received.

Gary Kremen advised that Palo Alto utilized approximately 11,000 acre feet
of water per year. Palo Alto was providing the Water District a $12-$13
million benefit by not pumping groundwater. SFPUC had provided more
water than the Water District to the intertie. Palo Alto was not suffering
from subsidence issues. In south Santa Clara County, residents received a
100 percent rebate of the State Water Project tax through the Open Space
Credit. The Water District could return the State Water Project tax.

Steve Jordan reported the City of Los Altos Hills met with the Water District
to request water in 2008 and 2009. The Water District informed the City of
Los Altos Hills that no water was available, no pipeline was available to
service Los Altos Hills, and the Water District did not have sufficient
infrastructure to treat water. Paying the State Water Project tax did not
guarantee a water supply. The City of Los Altos Hills felt the tax was unfair
and should be changed.

Bob Moss advised that a monitoring well on his property indicated an aquifer
depth of 105 feet. The aquifer depth did not alter significantly with varying
rainfall amounts. He understood some residents of Palo Alto had wells on
their property of which the Water District was not aware. He appreciated
the City Manager and Staff bringing this issue to light.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether the State Water Project tax totaled
approximately 10 percent of Water District revenues.

Mr. Fiedler answered yes.

Council Member Filseth asked about sources of the remaining 90 percent of
revenues.

Mr. Fiedler indicated other sources of revenue were the groundwater product
charges and sales of treated water. The Water District held contracts with
water retailers that purchased water from one of the three water treatment
plants.




03/23/2015                                                            117- 122
