                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: You want to schedule a review a year from now?

Council Member Burt: Not longer than a year from now it comes back for us
to take another look at when to start.

Council Member Filseth: I'd accept that.

Council Member Berman: I'm okay with that. I'm assuming that means
stripping out "until adoption of the California Avenue area concept plan" and
replacing it with ...

Council Member Burt: Should we say "whichever comes first"?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, whichever comes first.

Council Member Berman: Sure, sure. Yeah. That's another way to handle
it. I'm fine with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of the Motion, “or one year,
whichever comes first.”

Council Member Wolbach: There are a few issues. The timing and the pace,
the ordering and coordination, the money, the scope, cooperation, Staff
resources, vision.    Knock off money.     I appreciate the gentleperson's
agreement offered by the property owner to backfill the funding if we don't
accept the MTC/VTA grant. I don't want to throw away the money, but
Council Member Filseth is right. Even without that, this is such an important
thing that that amount of money should not drive rushing the process. On
scope, I'm not sure if Council Member Burt meant it this way, but it sounded
like there were a couple of options. One is splitting the Cal. Ave. area into
two concept area plans. Another might be the expansion of this coordinated
area plan to be a larger area, to be the northwest end of Ventura, not just
the Fry's site. Interesting ideas. I'm interested in exploring more in the
future. On the timing and the pace, if we can learn to do coordinated area
plans faster than we did SOFA, great. I've made no secret of the fact that
I've a vision of Palo Alto's planning process relying heavily on coordinated
area plans in the future. It puts the community front and center, puts the
community in the driver's seat. That's very important. Because I've been
such an advocate for coordinated area plans, it pains me to say that I'm
willing to agree that we should not rush on this one. I do agree that the
order of having the Comprehensive Plan moving and taking clear shape in
the Cal. Ave. area before we move forward on this coordinated area plan
makes sense. I'm a big advocate for coordinated area plans, but I want to
make sure we do them right and that we have Staff and the community
                                                                        Page 78 of 82
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/22/15
