                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think I understand what you're saying. Let me just make
sure I understand. We had suggested that Policy L-8 be retained. Not
because it's fantastic, but because basically we have sunk costs. We've
been monitoring this universe for a long time. We might as well keep
monitoring it. It would be, I think, logical for the Council to suggest that in
addition to that we have another policy about growth management that
either has a cap or a pacing mechanism or a jobs-housing balance
mechanism, something like that. Our hope was that the Council would tell
us amongst all of these different growth management strategies which
would you like us to explore further with the Citizens Advisory Committee.

Vice Mayor Schmid: When do we tell you that?

Mr. Keene: I think she's trying to get the motion reframed a bit to provide
that directive.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We were hoping really for a signal from the
Council this evening about which type of growth management policy you
would like to add to the Comp Plan, a cap, a pacing mechanism, something
around jobs-housing balance, a mixture of them, just at a conceptual level.
The actual mechanics of it, we will have time to work out. The CAC can put
some work into that, send something back to the Council for review and
refinement. We have time to develop that. If you could give us some
guidance on what you think the mechanism would be, that would be
fantastic.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I am surprised that the game is played [foreign
language] when I thought the Council would be involved in that decision of
what numbers we would be looking at.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. Undoubtedly you will be make the ultimate decision of
what numbers there are. Right now, I just don't think we have the
information I think is inherent in your motion. There's some additional
analysis we're going to need to do before we can land on an actual number.
I'm a little nervous about putting numbers out there. I was hoping we
would get kind of a conceptual approach.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Would you feel more comfortable if it said that Staff
look at a growth of 750,000 square feet over the next 15 years? Just to ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, I didn't quite hear that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Instead of putting a reference to the DEIR, just ask
Staff to look at the impacts of a growth of 750,000 square feet of

                                                                       Page 103 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
