                         TRANSCRIPT

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:             Mayor
Holman, if I can make a short statement.

Mayor Holman: Okay. You do after all.

Ms. Gitelman: Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I'll be brief. This is
an item that Council requested we bring back to you on June 29th, and it
would make changes to the guidelines we use to expend affordable housing
funds. I do have one clarifying amendment to the tracked changes version
of the document that you received prior to this evening's meeting. It's on
page 4. We want to change a sentence of the text under the heading of
Commercial Fund to match a sentence that we use later on the document.
Just to be very clear that an acceptable use of the Commercial Fund is for
the preservation of existing housing whose long-term affordability will be
protected through deed restriction or other mechanism.           Again, it's a
clarification to make two different sections of the material match.

Mayor Holman: Could you indicate what a packet page number might be on
that please?

Ms. Gitelman: The easiest way to find it is in the memo that we provided
you on August 17th. I'm sorry. It came to you last week. It's the memo
that contains the tracked changes version of the guidelines. On page 4 of
that tracked changes version under Section 2, Eligible Projects and Activities
for Each Fund, the heading is Commercial Housing. There's a sentence at
the beginning of the second paragraph that we're making match a similar
thought later in the guidelines.

Mayor Holman: Could you provide the wording again please? I'm sorry.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. The Commercial Fund: by Council policy all costs must
be directed related to the development of new housing units or to the
preservation of existing housing whose long-term affordability will be
protected through deed restriction or other mechanism.

Mayor Holman: Remember we are trying to dispatch this quickly.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I urge you to
adopt the recommendation to amend the guidelines for the use of housing
funds from contributions from developers to allow preservation, not just
construction of new affordable housing. It's been said that when the money
was paid in, it was supposed to go for new housing and, therefore, it could
not be used for existing housing. That's not correct. You can use it for
                                                                       Page 70 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
