                           TRANSCRIPT
resources to further analyze these five alternatives, pick one and then
advance that concept as far as possible, we could do that. That being said,
the amount of work that's going to be required to further develop the creek
corridor would probably use up the majority of that funding. I think this
could go two directions. We could either continue to study the creek
corridor, do a real detailed analysis of what it's going to take to build it or, at
this point, we could go a different direction and just use the remaining
funding to select a preferred alternative outside of the creek ...

Council Member Burt: We could have some additional funding to be able to
evaluate two different options going forward.

Mr. Keene: I guess my question was I'm not clear exactly how much we feel
we'd have with the current funding for feasibility. Does the Council want to
support allocating additional money or do we want to—I mean, there are
some potential alternatives. We've got a significant amount of trail money
within the County program that have been allocated to Stanford that they
have not utilized. Is it worthwhile us taking a look at what that available
funding could be and putting together a budget that would allow you to
potentially study more than the one alternative?

Council Member Burt: I move that we direct Staff to evaluate both a hybrid
alternative that would utilize the portions of the Matadero Creek corridor
that are feasible and in parallel to identify the most practicable second
alternative on a collector street running between Alma and West Bayshore.

Council Member Scharff: Second.

Council Member Kniss: I would second that. Right and left.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff to evaluate both a hybrid alternative that would utilize
portions of the Matadero Creek corridor and in parallel, identify the most
practical second alternative on a collector street between Alma Street and
West Bayshore Road.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your multi-seconded motion? If
Clerk can put it up on the screen too.

Council Member Burt: I'll just say that if we're going to have a really strong
bike system, we need more and's and fewer or's. We need not just a single
decent route for folks to go from essentially across town south of Oregon.
We need more than one. Second, the opportunities in a built-out community
to take advantage of off-road paths are going to be very few. We shouldn't
too readily give up on taking advantage of those opportunities to the degree
                                                                               Page 41 of 71
                                                                City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                         Transcript 11/9/15
