                         TRANSCRIPT
got Caltrain which is vital. We have to adapt to the reality of that over a
long period of time and take our destiny, I mean, much more in our own
hands than ... That's what I see happening here. Here were the different
things that we've talked about and that the Council has commented on. We
need some more circulation analysis and study as a key component, and
that you want us to pursue that within a Context Sensitive Solution
approach. We also need at some point more detailed engineering work
done. The question of what the scope of that engineering work would be,
whether it's just within the City or in a broader kind of context, and we also
need a financial analyses and strategies. We have these other issues of
reframing the timeframe with High Speed Rail and enlisting Caltrain on our
behalf in relation to that in advocacy for CSS and those approaches. As
Council Member Scharff brought off, all of those things do start to beg the
question of the need to reform or amend some of our policies now, because
there are some different directions you're going to be giving us. My thought
is we need to come back with a little bit more meat on the bone about what
these processes involve. I would like to get from the Council a little more
clarity, before we come back with that report, how you see the sequence of
the circulation piece, the engineering and the financing pieces. Are they
sequential in some way or do you want us to come back with some options
as it relates to all of those? That's my way of saying I don't think we could
tell you right at this moment what the timeframe would be on the circulation
piece and the CSS. I think we'll huddle and we'll be able to give you a date
for when we could come back with a bigger sense of what it will take to do
this further analysis. Now that said, as it related to the timeframe and the
Caltrain role, I had already spoken with Caltrain Director Jim Hartnett last
week about the fact that we were going to be having this meeting, and that
our Council was interested in us being able to meet very directly at the
highest level with Caltrain on this. I think that much more immediately even
we could begin to have some talk about the timeframe on High Speed Rail
and Caltrain's role. I would just offer the Mayor, you might want to think
about if you want to appoint any reps from the Council to work with us on
that. I hope I was clear in answering your question. I do think just a little
bit more sense of if we bring back a summary report about what our next
steps would be like. I think we're clear on the circulation and CSS. I'm not
as clear as to whether or not there's a consensus on the Council about
sequence or how far you want us to go on the engineering and financing
pieces. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Just a couple of comments here. There was a
pretty strong request sent to VTA to work on a comprehensive solution, a
regional plan for transportation. That was from what? Like 11 cities. VTA
said thanks but no thanks. If we can't rely on VTA to do that, then it seems
like as a part of this we might consider partnering with the other cities on
                                                                         Page 32 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
