                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid noted some public letters mentioned removal of parking
spaces on Maybell Avenue in front of the handicap school, and asked if that
was part of the proposal.

Mr. Rodriguez proposed time-of-day parking restrictions west of Amaranta
Avenue which would not affect operations at the school.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether those restrictions would interfere with
cars in the right lane dropping off kids.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that people would not be able to park there to load
and unload kids.

Vice Mayor Schmid believed cars attempting to move from the center to the
restricted parking area would have to compete with kids on bikes.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that that was happening at the current time. If
restrictions were instituted, Staff would work with PAUSD to ensure parents
used other driveways to drop off students.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if a crossing guard would be needed at that
intersection to assist bicyclists with crossing the street.

Mr. Rodriguez stated a crossing guard was not assigned to the Amaranta
Avenue crossing, but Staff could include that as part of the project.

Vice Mayor Schmid felt a bike lane would assist child bicyclists along El
Camino Way during the commute hours. Data could be helpful in making a
decision for that improvement. The Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) proposal would
create bus stops just past intersections. He inquired whether BRT buses
would restrict the right-turn flow such that traffic would back up into kids
trying to cross streets.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the BRT project could support implementation of
improvements across both Charleston Road and El Camino Way. The Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) committed to working with Staff
to design and implement improvements. The bus stop would be on the far
side of the intersection, so it would not block right turns off El Camino Real.
It could block turns onto El Camino Real. Staff would need to work that out
as part of the design.

Mayor Holman understood there would be dedicated bike access onto
Castilleja Avenue from Churchill Avenue, and requested Mr. Rodriguez
described improvements at that intersection.



01/20/2015                                                             216- 349
