                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Campagna: The neighborhood is Park. You're not turning on Ash. You
wouldn't want to do that.

Council Member Filseth: Why not?

Ms. Campagna: Because you'd have to go around to Park and pass AOL.
It's quicker if you ...

Council Member Filseth: It seems to me you're going to need to make a
couple of rights. You could either turn on Ash and then turn right to get
back to El Camino. If you got on Park, you're going to have to get on Olive
or something like that.

Ms. Campagna: You could turn on Ash and turn and get onto Pepper. I've
experienced that.    You can't crossover El Camino to turn left to get
westbound on 280. You'd be safer getting off on Park, going around by
Holbach's building and coming back around right on Page Mill.

Richard Hopper, Traffic Analyst: I'm Richard Hopper. I did the traffic
analysis for this project. We did look at the traffic impacts on Pepper and
Olive using an analysis called a tire index, which the City uses. There will be
traffic going through the neighborhood to get to El Camino going south or to
west on Page Mill Road. We looked at the change in traffic as a result of
those movements. There was no change in the tire index.

Council Member Filseth: It was a no impact.

Mr. Hopper: Correct.

Council Member Filseth: The last question I have on traffic. You said you
were going to talk about this. There was a question about deliveries and
waste collection. How does that happen?

Ms. Gitelman: My suggestion was that we ask the applicant that question.

Mr. Hopper: We looked at that. The large delivery vehicles would not be
able to access the site. The fact that we're recommending no parking along
Page Mill Road in front of the site for corner sight distance of vehicles
coming out of the driveway. We suggested that a section of Ash near Page
Mill Road be set aside as a commercial loading zone to accommodate those
vehicles.

Council Member Filseth: They're going to turn the corner onto Ash and then
load garbage or office supplies or whatever.

Mr. Hopper: No, the garbage trucks will be able to access the site.
                                                                       Page 128 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
