                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Thanks, and thanks to the Staff and Commission
who's been working away on this. I also found this a struggle to have
enough information for the Council to really go beyond a cursory overview.
We don't apparently see anything in here about, for instance, this extensive
survey except what's on packet page 32, which I couldn't even quite
understand that. It says how important is the enhancement or addition of
the following recreation programs and features in Palo Alto. Maybe I'll start
with that question. Just aside from it, I'm sure the survey covered a lot
more than that, and we just don't have any of that. We don't have it in a
summary. We don't have it in any kind of detail. Was this question asking
about what the City should provide in our parks, what the City should
provide as City services or what should be provided in Palo Alto regardless of
whether it's provided by the City or by private entities? I couldn't tell from
the title. It's page 32.

Mr. de Geus: Council Member Burt, thank you for the question. Really the
survey was focused on City services, City parks, recreation programs and
services. When you see the full survey which had, I think, 30-something
questions, the preamble let the person taking the survey know that context.
I see how if you just see this one question, that's not (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: I don't even know that's how the question was
worded or how the results were worded. I saw a number of places where
frankly the wording is not very clearly. It sounds to me, where it says
features in Palo Alto, it meant by the City of Palo Alto. We have martial arts
and gymnasiums in Palo Alto that are not City owned or City services.
That's one example. I did want to follow on some of the themes that Mayor
Holman had spoken about. I'm concerned where we have our seven
principles, I'm not sure that these capture principles as best we can. Some
do and some may not. Like the last one is balance as a principle. I don't
know whether that should be a guiding principle on our parks. If we're
talking about providing recreation as a principle and providing natural habits
and ecosystems as principles, do we have to pit one against the other to
make it a principle? That's the way it's essentially been done here. We're
saying, "Maybe not pit. We'll try to balance them." I think we put out the
principles of what we want and we don't have to say that they're competing
principles. They're principles. We recognize, and we may have some
guiding statement that we have to reconcile these and establish priorities,
but you don't kind of lump the opposition of two different things or
competition of two things under one principle. We don't have one about
natural habitat and ecosystems as a principle in Palo Alto. This is a City that
has some very large, highly valued open space areas as a major part of our
park system. It's not a principle there. I heard Shani Kleinhaus speak about
this question of whether open space captures what we embrace about our
                                                                        Page 21 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
