                          TRANSCRIPT
neighborhood quality that will come up, whatever it is. You've talked really
big about the importance of having aesthetics and design in general as a
factor in our City. That ought to be part of the Comp Plan discussion, rather
than figuring out how to pick out a piece. Obviously, we're responsive.
We'll go along with whatever you want to propose, but I'd like to get in
practice of when something comes up as an add-on to the work plan, that
there's some process where we go, "If you want to do that, we want to come
back in three or four weeks and give you a better sense." We don't know
what you're going to vote. You're going to vote right now, and we're going
to say yes, and it's not going to be an honest yes. We're going to have to
go to the Committee and work it out. I'm partly saying it for this. I'm
worried. I said it this morning. We keep peeling parts off that are related to
the Comp Plan.         I'm worried it will impact our ability to do the
Comprehensive Plan comprehensively and to do it in a timely manner.

Mayor Holman: Appreciate your comments. You heard at least a couple us
say that the Comprehensive Plan Update is the place and time to do this. I
would argue that the last Comprehensive Plan that was put in place, nothing
ever happened to follow up on some of the policies that are in that
Comprehensive Plan. I know Director Gitelman knows this, but so it's clear
for people who haven't had some experience with this. There's a lot written
online; there's a lot of material available for what overlays are. I won't read
ad nauseam here. A neighborhood conservation overlay district is a zoning
tool used to preserve, revitalize, protect and enhance significant older areas
within a community beyond what is specified in the standard code. The
conservation overlay regulations are applied in addition to standard zoning
regulations and will usually take precedence.           Both a neighborhood
conservation overlay district and a historic district are overlay districts;
however, an NCOD will typically regulate fewer features and will focus more
on significant character-finder features such as lot size, building height,
setbacks, streetscapes and tree protection. Again, it's looking at what's
already identifiable and identified in many different sites on the web about
what the kinds of things are that we'd be looking at. Some question was
maybe alluded to about what other neighborhoods. I think of College
Terrace, which has smaller lots, a lot of bungalow courts, that sort of thing.
That might be an area that—some people have mentioned to me that they
would like to have some kind of protection for their neighborhood as well. In
my opinion, we're not fishing; we're looking to implement what's already in
our Comprehensive Plan. I'm certainly willing to do that as part of our
Comprehensive Plan Update as opposed to, as City Manager referred to,
peeling something else off that's going to interfere with doing the
Comprehensive Plan Update.


                                                                         Page 57 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
