                         TRANSCRIPT
Dwayne Kalynchuk: Thank you. Good evening, Mayor Holman and City
Council. Accreditation is the mark of a professionalism that indicates the
public works agency has made the commitment to continuous improvement
in the delivery of public works operations and services in the community it
serves. Accreditation recognizes that an agency's policies, procedures and
practices have been evaluated against nationally recognized management
practices which are determined to be appropriate for your specific agency.
The accreditation program begun in 1995, and the first agency to receive the
designation was the City of Greeley, Colorado, in 1997. The Palo Alto Public
Works Department began its journey towards accreditation in February
2014, using the seventh edition of our Public Works Management Practices
Manual, and the APWA Accreditation Council awarded full accreditation on
October 10th of this year. The site visit was conducted using the seventh
edition of the Manual on September 14-16 of last month, with evaluators
from Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma.          A total of 367 practices were
reviewed, meeting full compliance. Nine were in substantial compliance, and
217 practices were not applicable to your agency. This is an outstanding
record. Mike Sartor, the Public Works Director, Larry Perlin, Accreditation
Manager, and the entire Staff of the Public Works Department should be
commended for their efforts. In addition, eight of the practices are model
practices and will be shared with others who work through the program. On
behalf of the American Public Works Association, it is my pleasure to award
the formal accreditation plaques to the City of Palo Alto Administration and
the Public Works Department. Palo Alto becomes the 103rd agency in North
America to be accredited by APWA. You are the 14th agency in California,
joining Berkeley, Contra Costa County, Orange County, Alameda County,
Thousand Oaks, Palmdale, Oakland, Vallejo, Oakland-Fresno and the
City/County of San Francisco, San Luis Obispo County and Ventura, and are
leading the way for many others who will follow the example and benefit
from your leadership.          Accreditation is a program of continuous
improvement, and accreditation is awarded for a four-year period. We
anticipate visiting you again in 2019 for reaccreditation. The main thing is
accreditation really is valuable because what it does is a couple of key things
that I've seen. I've accredited many agencies in the 20 years I've been
involved. It builds a real good team spirit within the department. I think
some of the other things is it documents a lot of the procedures and policies.
You have a top-notch department that look at how they do things within the
public sector. You, as a Council, should be pleased and proud of your Public
Works Department for reaching this level. Also, the citizens of Palo Alto
should know that their tax money is being well spent within the department.
Congratulations and a job well done. We have two plaques. We have one
plaque that's going to go into the Public Works Department. Mike, I'd like to
present this to you. I hope you hang it proudly in your department, and all
your employees can share in the ability that you have taken to receive this.
                                                                             Page 2 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
