                        TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Does it ring a bell with anyone else?

Mayor Holman: Yes, yes.

Council Member Kniss: That was an original, and I don't know—there were
many, many copies made of it. Many people had them hanging in their
house. If anyone knows where the original is and why we don't have it up
somewhere, that would really be helpful.

Mayor Holman: If memory serves—Council Member Kniss, you'll remind
me—I think the hats represented the different eras and different periods.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: They went from, I think, 1900 to 1994 as it turned
out.

Mayor Holman: It was emblematic of the centennial event. Thank you all
very much.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Resolution 9550 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Grant Kolling Upon His Retirement.”
Mayor Holman: Council Members, our next two items are Special Orders of
the Day. We have a Resolution of the City Council expressing appreciation
to Grant Kolling upon his retirement. I've asked Council Member Scharff if
he would read the resolution. I see Mr. Kolling coming into the chambers
again. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to see where is Grant? I didn't see
him. Oh, there he is.

Mayor Holman: He's right there.

Council Member Scharff: Welcome, Grant. I just wanted to say before I
started, I really have enjoyed working with you over the years, as a fellow
South African. He read the Resolution into the record. Thank you very
much for your service, Grant.

Mayor Holman: Before we invite Mr. Kolling to make any comments—I'm
sure he has a few—we do need a motion for this.
                                                                      Page 17 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
