                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The question I had in my mind is if you're going to
go out for an RFP and go through this process, then do you really need the
whole 198,000? You're going to have the position vacant for part of fiscal
2016 or are you planning on paying more than 198 for the ten months or
nine months or eight months, which puts it over 200,000? I also wanted to
get back to Council Member Burt's question. There are benefits associated
with this position. We can contract out and what kind of benefits do we
provide?

Mr. de Geus:        It's something we can negotiate with the perspective
employee. It's a contracted position, so it's not getting the City into a long-
term liability arrangement on benefits.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer and Administrative Services Director:
Council Member Scharff, to give the Council some comfort. This is in a
separate fund. It's not in the Community Services budget, nor in the Police
budget. It's in a special fund. Let's say you approve that and we come in at
160—just to throw a number out—those funds stay within that fund and
earn interest. They're segregated funds; they're controlled. Only your
authority would allow us to spend them.

Council Member Scharff: We won't have the Executive Board up and
running. You're going to go ahead, do an RFP. It's a weird RFP, right? I
haven't seen this before on City Council.

Mr. de Geus: A little different, yeah.

Council Member Scharff: On a contracted position. In the RFP, are you
going to outline what sort of benefits and salary? It's not like you're
interviewing people and then negotiate a salary. You're doing an RFP. I'm
curious how that works.

Mr. de Geus: We're going to have to work closely with our HR folks.
They've done these types of recruitments before, where it's a contracted
position for a specific period of time. There'll be some language in the
recruitment that would allow for some flexibility to negotiate what the pay
will be. Largely it's the City paying them a cash compensation, and they will
purchase their own benefits more than likely.

Mr. Keene: The line of questioning is a good one. It's a little tricky.
Number one, the need to revamp the structure for Project Safety Net, which
has been an effective collaborative, realizing that putting together a
collaborative of all these various stakeholders around an issue is not an easy
task. I'm trying to remember who was on Policy and Services last year
when we were discussing this year. It was pretty confused last fall when we
                                                                        Page 19 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
