                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I had a couple more friendly Amendments to
offer. I propose a friendly Amendment to use similar language for Item f,
"Look at limiting"—what was the language we ended up using? "Look at an
appropriate level of limiting hair and nail salons on California Avenue."

Mayor Holman:      That's what's there.    How is what you're proposing
different?

Council Member Burt: I thought "consider" was your concern.

Mayor Holman: Consider is the heart of the Motion at the top.

Council Member Wolbach: All right, we can skip that one. I'll move on to
my next proposed friendly Amendment, which is to add "analyze and if
necessary propose changes to parking requirements to bring eating and
drinking establishment parking requirements in line with other retail
establishments."

Council Member Scharff: I'll second.

Council Member Wolbach: It was a friendly Amendment, at least suggested
as such.

Mayor Holman: No, I won't accept that, because it's just going to add to the
proliferation of restaurants. I don't accept that. Is there a second?

Council Member Scharff: I second it.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't think that the total number of restaurants
in the greater Cal. Ave. area is a problem. Item e still addresses the
concern about creating a monoculture of restaurants on California Avenue.
If we're expanding the general retail area, if there are more restaurants
established in those areas, that's fine. Based on what evidence we have
seen anecdotally and with our admittedly imperfect survey, not everybody
going to restaurants is driving there. I don't want to unduly burden or
discourage restaurants.

Council Member Scharff: What happened to the previous Amendment? Did
it just go away?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, I gave up on that one.

Council Member Scharff: No, the one you actually passed, the one we voted
on.

Council Member Wolbach: They've already included it in "e."
                                                                        Page 70 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
