                          TRANSCRIPT

it's important to get that community input. I think that'll be invaluable. As
far as your coordination with other cities and other agencies, again just want
to say thank you for that. When it comes to coordination, one thing—I'm
sorry I missed just the first couple of minutes of your presentation. If you
already addressed it, please just say that and feel free to not say any more.
I'm curious about coordination between our bicycle plan and also our shuttle
plan. I know that we're starting to put together a five-year shuttle plan that
looks at some potentially significant improvements, changes, revamps,
which I'm very, very excited about and curious about how that intersects
with our Bike and Pedestrian Plan including routes and also storage capacity
on our shuttles. Tying with that, the same thing, how are we working with
the TMA and also with Stanford, especially around their Marguerite when it
comes to bikes and pedestrians and making sure everything is working well?
A couple of other things. As far as bike shares go, I think one of the keys,
especially as we're talking about people who, as Council Member Filseth
pointed out, use the bike share potentially as a last-mile solution. They take
Caltrain into town or some other transit into town, get off of some intercity
transit and hop on an intra-city mode which is a bike share. They're then
starting from a hub which is a transit point like Cal. Ave. train station or
Downtown train station, and they're hopping on a bike and going out on
spokes to wherever their workplace is. That makes it hard to set up bike
share stations at every single business around town. I think the key might
be really making sure that we have affordable day rentals through our bike
share. You can pick up the bike at the start of the day, go to work for the
day and return it. A cheap 12-hour or 24-hour pass might really be a useful
thing to explore. Just one other thing. I'll admit I actually spend more time
on another kind of vehicle with two wheels which is a motorcycle than I do
on a bicycle. When it comes down to prioritizing between the two, I
definitely think as a matter of policy we need to give the priority to bicycles.
One thing I just want to make sure is considered. When you reduce the
width of motor lanes, the space for lane sharing especially at red lights is
reduced for motorcycles. I know this is a controversial issue, but the
evidence is in that lane sharing especially at red lights by motorcycles
actually dramatically improves safety for motorcyclists, also reduces the
stacking of cars and improves traffic. It might be worth it to narrow the
lanes, for instance, on San Antonio as you had mentioned to improve bike-
ability. I just want to make sure that maybe just a quick consideration of
the other two-wheeled riders out there. Again, my priority is still going to be
for the bicycles even though I'm less of one of them myself. That's it for my
questions and thoughts. If you have any thoughts on any of those topics,
feel free to chime in. Otherwise, I'll let it go on to the next person.

                                                                          Page 22 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
