                          TRANSCRIPT
address, that is not the case with the second or third or fourth operator who
comes in and is competing to serve a defined and fixed market. That leads
to some challenges around the economics of fiber to the home. Indeed,
until Google Fiber started quite aggressively building fiber to the home, fiber
to the business about five years ago, that is a market that was entirely
stalled and we were not seeing commercial investment in that space at all.
Google has to a great degree shaken that up, and we are seeing more
overbuilds now, but the economics are still quite challenging. For that
reason, we always want to point out that the core reason that a city or a
county or a town would get involved in fiber to the home is not based on the
financial returns. The reason that the public sector engages fiber to the
premises as a potential strategy is based on the network externalities, all
the benefits that flow from this infrastructure around economic activity,
education, healthcare, environment protection and the significant other
benefits of the networks. Indeed, the internet and increasingly fiber to the
premises is the core infrastructure over which our economy flows in the 21st
century and certainly over which our democracy flows. Those are the
reasons why the public sector engages this. It's not the reasons for the
private sector, obviously, but there are differing values and goals of the two
different potential builders. As you'll see, that informed some of our analysis
around partnerships, but also financial challenge. The other core point I
would make around the traditional overbuild is that in the modern era, the
current era of new fiber to the premises construction by private sector
companies, the dominant model is to cherry pick. By cherry picking I mean
that a company can pick and choose the most economically advantageous
neighborhoods where the potential revenues are highest and the build costs
are lowest. They can choose to build in those areas and not in others. This
obviously will greatly improve the economics of this kind of network and this
kind of enterprise. It is, however, a much more challenging thing for a
public sector investor to do, that is to say, to use public funds and then
cherry pick what neighborhoods are built. What we found as we analyzed
the potential for this very important infrastructure here in Palo Alto was that
a full range of costs are substantially higher in this market and probably
many of your neighboring markets than in some other parts of the country,
particularly in those parts of the country where there have been substantial
municipal fiber to the home builds, for example, in the seven-state
Tennessee Valley region, in rural Washington state where many public
utilities districts have built fiber to the home networks, and so on. I don't
think it'll come as any surprise to you that your costs here are considerably
higher, particularly around labor, both City labor and contract labor, and
certain kinds of requirements and regulations that have been promoted by
both the State and the City. What we found when we put the cost estimates
developed by our engineers into a financial model seeking to understand
what the business of municipal fiber to the home would entail here in Palo
                                                                        Page 14 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
