                          TRANSCRIPT
time. We've spoken to Board Members; they're not excited about reading
15 sets of findings. You may still need some concept review findings which
adds another five. If you're asking for a DEE, there's another two or three
findings that need to be made. Our effort here was to focus the review of
AR projects on some key categories of compliance with the Comp Plan and
the Zoning Code, the context of the project to the neighborhood, the quality
of the materials that are being used, and a few others, sustainability items.
That's what we were attempting to do with the Architectural Review Board
findings. Timelines, this is simply to reflect that it takes us a little bit more
time to get work done than the Code allows. Preparing a packet for this
body is at least five weeks out to start the report. We're not able to meet
the 30-day timeframe to get an item, an appeal variance or CUP to the
Council in that timeframe. Appeal process. This is an item that was referred
actually from the City Council to the Policy and Services Committee. There
was a conversation about home improvement exceptions and IRs, the ability
to pull these items off of Consent. There are four votes that are currently
required. Everything else that you pull off Consent is three votes. This
amendment aligns it so that everything is three votes. The next item deals
with timelines for approvals. Again, this is just an administrative change so
that we have time to get the work to you. That's a summary of the more
substantive changes in the ordinance. Now what I'm going to talk about
briefly is four items on Attachment E, and that will complete my report.
Attachment E, again, these are items that are destined for Tier 2, but I
wanted to highlight a couple of them. Some of them in particular present
some immediate challenges for us or reflect a Council direction. This first
one deals with appeal fees. The City Council had directed the Policy and
Services Committee to look at the appeal fees. In that review—I think we've
transmitted some Minutes of that meeting at places today—the Policy and
Services Committee had this recommendation.              At the Planning and
Transportation Commission, they thought it was a broader policy
conversation that needed further conversation or dialog.              We're just
presenting it here as a rider almost to this ordinance to see if the Committee
recommendation is sufficient for the Council. If so, you can pull that and put
it on the ordinance. The next one has to do with rooftop equipment. This is
making changes. This is eliminating the height of rooftop screening in the
commercial areas from the current 15 feet to 8 feet. It would still allow
elevators to go up to 15 feet. It doesn't make any changes in the industrial
zone. It also includes a reference to another section of the Code not dealing
with exceptions to the height limit, but these types of features above the
building height which is distinguished from the height limit, because you can
have a building less than the height limit. That's Section 18.23. We're
saying if you're in this 18.23 section, go ahead and take a look at 18.40
because there may be some other restrictions that you need to be mindful
about. The next one is footprint and basements. Basements have received
                                                                         Page 34 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
