                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: On what page is that "improve quality, quantity and
affordability of social services"? What page is that?

Council Member Wolbach: It's page 11 of the Attachment A, at the top left
corner.

Ms. Gitelman: It's existing Goal 3.

Mayor Holman: From the top left corner, okay.

Council Member Wolbach: Existing C-3.

Mayor Holman: It's existing; it's not new which is what Vice Mayor Schmid
was pointing out.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part E, “new” with “PTC
C1.”
Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, I think you still have the floor.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I wanted to make a comment on the Policy C-28
slightly different. C-28 is the only place in the Community Services Element
that has a quantitative measure. What we are doing here is pushing the
quantitative measure, which is population-based, out to the Parks Master
Plan, so the Parks Master Plan will be discussing anything to do with
demographics. I am concerned in the rest of the elements people are
making a variety of demographic assumptions. Let me just give you three
examples from material that we have gotten. The School District thinks
there's going to be 200 new kids over the next ten years. The Palo Alto
planning documents say there's going to be 9,000 new people in town over
the next 20. Plan Bay Area says there's going to be 20,000 new people.
Imagine trying to think through each of these goals we're talking about with
demographic assumptions so different. The meaning of what we're doing
begins to fuzz and disappear whether you're assuming 200 more kids in the
City or 20,000 new people in the City. How can we attain these goals or
even think clearly about achieving these goals if we don't have some
demographic basis which we're sharing. I'm concerned that we're taking the
only demographic element that's currently in the Plan out of it and turning it
over to the Parks Master Plan. It seems to me some kind of set of
demographic assumptions should be a critical part of our "strategic
planning." Any comment?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. Just to clarify, we're not
talking about taking Policy C-28 out. That was a misunderstanding. It
would remain in place. What we're talking about doing is considering as part
                                                                       Page 73 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
