                          TRANSCRIPT
modern communication equipment. This isn't a simple matter, because it's
necessary to get approval. If digital radios that could not be listened to by
any of our adversaries were in their hands, things might be a little smoother.
I think all of these three points are not only local issues, but they're national
issues in that this is the heart of the Silicon Valley. Everything that happens
here in a big way influences the whole nation. I think there's some
responsibility for the City to pay for these things. I think the greater
responsibility in my view is for the Federal Government. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: You're welcome. Winter Dellenbach to be followed by Herb
Borock.

Winter Dellenbach: Hi. I live in Barron Park, and I'm really glad to do this
while there are so many Barron Park neighbors of mine here. It's time for
Posada. You're all invited to Posada, everybody at Stanford, everybody in
Palo Alto. Buena Vista fourth annual community Posada. We're going to
have a really good time. The famous Barron Park donkeys will be there from
4:30 to 5:30. Anyone who wants to spend quality time with the donks,
that's the time to do it. Of course, we will do the annual procession that's
the traditional part of Posada, where we all as a community come together
and support each other, looking for shelter, for a place to stay the night.
How appropriate in Palo Alto to be looking for housing. The folkloric dancers
from Raices de Mexico will once again, the girls in their really colorful outfits,
be dancing. Some of these girls live in Barron Park, and some of them live
at Buena Vista. It's always very sweet to see them dancing for their
community. Afterwards, of course, there will be tons of homemade tamales
and enchiladas and all kinds of things to drink. It's just going to be so much
fun, and everything lit up and really pretty. Please everybody come, 4:30 to
5:30 for the donkeys, 5:00 to 9:00 for Posada. There'll be some greetings,
I've heard, from some City officials, perhaps a County official. A good time
will be had by all. Everybody come to Posada.

Council Member DuBois: Which day?

Ms. Dellenbach:     December 5th.    Thank you so much.                   Saturday,
December 5th. It's coming right up. December 5th.

Mayor Holman: If you haven't been before, the Posada is a pretty amazing
event. Who doesn't love the donks? Herb Borock to be followed by our final
speaker, Stephanie Munoz.

Herb Borock: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Five
weeks ago you adopted some actions related to the rail issue, including
having the Mayor reappoint the City Council Rail Committee. The Rail
Committee, when it existed, was a committee that was always subject to the
                                                                              Page 31 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
