                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: The Avenidas plan as envisioned—this should be in
the motion—will require subsequent environmental review—that's to Herb's
point—and approval of a final project design by City Boards, Commissions
and by the Council.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible).

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to contribute financial support of $5 million dollars from revenue
sources to be determined by Staff towards the $18 million Avenidas Capital
Campaign to make necessary seismic and other improvements to the
existing building, the actual funding will occur in the next two Fiscal Years;
the Avenidas plan will require subsequent environmental review and
Approval of Final Project Design by City Boards, Commissions and Council.

Council Member Kniss: That's the end. I still have a second. If I can just
dive into it from there and speak to it, let me try that. If somebody has
tweaks, I'm glad to hear those. I'm not going to address the TDRs right
now; I'm going to see where those fit in. I would say we have a precedent
for using the TDRs, and it's pretty clear. Two or three things that have not
been mentioned tonight that I think are important. The Senior Center and
PACCC which is the child care center are the only nonprofits that we have
identified in our community as special. We have lots of nonprofits. We go
through a process every year of giving support to those nonprofits. I think
in the last two years we have separated out these two as giving unique
services to our community. As I said, it's PACCC and it's Avenidas. Quite
different from the other nonprofits in the City, not that the other nonprofits
don't have equal importance. We've talked a lot about the amount of money
raised by Avenidas. Believe me, every year they work hard to raise the
amount of money that they bring in to supplement their budget. This is a
group that works hard to maintain itself, and that group has asked us as a
City Council for support. I don't think, if we had this back in our lap, I'm not
sure as a City that we could support it in the way that the current
organization supports it. Aside from the fact that it's an old and beautiful
building, I really do love the building because it has been part of the City for
90 years and on top of that it also is not only historical but designed by a
famous architect. Let me bring up another slightly touchier topic, because
this was in the press this morning. How is this different from the Maybell
project, because it was mentioned many times we could get into this same
issue again. Let me tell you how I think it varies. First of all, we're not
talking about any zoning exceptions. We're not talking about any variances.
This is not a dreaded PC; it has nothing to do with PCs whatsoever. We are
dealing with land, and we're dealing with a building that belongs to the City.
At this point they are simply one of our favored nonprofits by our City
                                                                        Page 84 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
