                             MINUTES
Mr. Hackmann reported the timeframe would depend on whether quad gates
or median barriers were utilized.          If the Council wished to move
expeditiously, it could be done in 12-24 months with quad gates. Median
barriers would result in a slightly shorter time period. The process required
60-day notice and 21-day implementation periods and FRA and CPUC
approvals.

Council Member DuBois asked if median barriers alone would not be
sufficient at some crossings.

Ms. Hackmann explained that the Alma Street crossing was the only location
where median barriers would be allowed.

Mayor Holman inquired about Atherton's funding of barriers.

Mr. Hackmann believed Atherton self-funded installation of quad gates.

Mayor Holman asked if Staff had any data that measured the change in
noise at crossings over the past 5, 10, 15 years.

Mr. Hackmann reported trains were required to sound a horn between 96
and 110 decibels in the corridor. For reference, 100 decibels equated to the
sound of a jackhammer.

Mayor Holman asked if the sound level of horns increased a few years
previously.

Mr. Hackmann did not know.

James Keene, City Manager, advised that the estimated cost of quad barriers
would total approximately $2-$4 million. Staff could obtain the potential
cost increase for liability insurance. This project was not included in the
Infrastructure Funding Plan and, therefore, would be a consideration for the
future.

Martin Sommer asked the Council to support a quiet zone and to extend it to
University Avenue. Approximately 90 trains per day crossed at University
Avenue between 5:00 A.M. and 1:00 A.M. He had contacted Caltrain, but it
remained silent.

Elizabeth Alexis, Californians Advocating for Responsible Rail Design
(CARRD), advised that low frequency train horn noise was disruptive to
sleep. The FRA wanted cities to establish quiet zones to make crossings
safer. An FRA study reported 313 accidents had occurred in quiet zones
since implementation, which was 25 fewer accidents than reported prior to


02/09/2015                                                            116- 456
