                          TRANSCRIPT

Eric Rosenblum: I'm Eric Rosenblum. I'm a resident of Downtown North.
I'm on the Planning and Transportation Commission, but I'm here speaking
as a resident and in my individual capacity. I'm so excited you guys are in
this Study Session. This is my favorite. My only issue is to encourage you
to really look hard at pricing with regards to parking in particular. Parking is
so expensive. Adina came up and gave her figure of $300 per month per
parking place for 30 years. Those numbers are correct, and it is enormous.
I think reducing it to the monthly cost almost understates or makes it less
impactful. The $60,000 per space constructed, it's just mind boggling what
you can do with that kind of money. More specifically, we currently price
parking in a way that just subsidizes driving. If it really is $300 a month per
space, if you actually said to someone, "Your new permit is going to cost you
over $3,000 per year," using Adina's figures, that seems insane. That is the
market rate of what it costs the City to build each space. Yet it seems crazy
that we'd actually charge someone market rate for something that we want
to normally discourage. We want fewer cars if possible. Yet, as residents,
we're all subsidizing parking. When I worked in San Mateo, I think I paid full
rate. I paid for a two-zone Caltrain pass, which cost me personally $1,215
per year for me to go to San Mateo. My building had to have sufficient
parking, so my building had free parking for me. I have free parking at
home. I was foolish for having bought this pass to go back and forth by
paying full freight myself. We've essentially subsidized me to drive, and I
was the sucker for paying over $1,000 out-of-pocket to get myself on
Caltrain every day. There's a lot of money in parking. There are two things
in terms of pricing. The first is that we believe that we should make parking
essentially free. The tariff program for my neighborhood's RPP program
does make that point very clear. We're charged almost nothing for this
expensive asset. The message is it really should be free. That doesn't seem
right. The second is we encourage high parking minimums for building. I've
heard Council Members talk about maybe the density of employees per
space has increased. It's really density times mode share. When you look
at the survey that was just done by the TMA—I think that you guys will
crunch the numbers—it comes out to something like 200, 250 square feet
per worker. That is more dense than previous estimates. However, the
mode share is much lower. The actual number of square foot per car
required is between 300 and 350 square foot, based on my calculations. I'm
sure someone here will do a much better job of that. My point is by getting
buildings to have to invest in parking that is overabundant, that's another
subsidy. You're causing a developer to invest in this asset that they then
give away to their building.        All this money could be going towards
subsidizing transit. Thank you.

                                                                         Page 10 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
