                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Syed: There was one element of the feasibility study looking at modest
improvements to that undercrossing. That was studied as part of the
feasibility to identify the Adobe Creek overcrossing. Some work has been
done on that. The general thinking is ...

Council Member Scharff: Wait a minute. What I'm really asking is we talked
about a hybrid situation here, right?

Ms. Syed: Right.

Council Member Scharff: Where you're talking about abandoning the creek
trail. I'm asking the question why not continue that portion of it where you
do the undercrossing. If you're going to come down Loma Verde, for
instance, you may want to go that way and under-cross there as opposed to
going all the way down and hooking up with the Adobe Creek one. I don't
(crosstalk) or you'd have a choice to do both.

Mr. Mello: We could certainly advance that as part of the study of an
alternative corridor. Up until this point, our thinking has really been focused
around the Adobe Creek overcrossing of 101. I certainly understand you
may want to travel north, and Adobe Creek may not make sense if you're
using Loma Verde. If Council elects to move forward with the Loma Verde
alignment or some other alternative, we could include further analysis of the
101 undercrossing.

Council Member Scharff: You have four, maybe five, suggested alignments
here. You have the Oregon Avenue one. You have the Colorado-El Dorado
one. Then there's the Matadero one. You could jog around—that's where
you're talking about Sutter Avenue, clear out around that area. Then you
have Loma Verde, and then you have Meadow. Those are the ones you're
looking at. On each of those when you talk about a Class 1 bike trail, what
you're talking about is putting a barrier for the bikes to go that would
normally be where the cars would park. We would, basically, do away with
parking on one side of the street for that entire length. Is that what we'd be
doing?

Mr. Mello: The alignment along the creek corridor would be a Class 1 trail.
All of the other alignments that are shown on this map would be a Class 4
facility, would be our goal, which is a separated bikeway that is on-road but
it has some type of physical protection ...

Council Member Scharff: A physical barrier.

Mr. Mello: ... between the travel lane and the bike lane. We don't know
what that physical protection would look like. That would be something we'd
                                                                            Page 34 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
