                          TRANSCRIPT
signalization there may be some strong traffic improvements. I did want to
come back and ask the developer at some point about his TDM program. He
says that he's having a strong TDM program that could also reduce things 20
percent. I'd like him to explain what that is. Yes, the historical element. I
wanted to address the historical element. I did go by and look at the
building. I think I feel about that building the same way I feel about the
Park Building which we stated that it can be torn down. It doesn't seem to
me to be a building worth keeping. Obviously the EIR will go into the fact of
whether or not there is any real historical significance to this. The questions
have to be answered before I could say I would move forward on this
project. Assuming the building has no real historical significance, it's not a
very attractive building.    It's hard to imagine wanting to keep that.
Assuming the ARB comes up with a project which they fully endorse, which
may or may not be what this project looks like, and given where we are with
our Housing Element on this and given that this building completely meets
Code and it's not asking for anything else, I could support this project. Do I
have a few seconds to ask the developer about his TDM program?

Mayor Holman: Why don't we see if there are other questions at the end?
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. When we get to the end
and we get time for questions for the developer, I'll also want to know a
little bit about development disruptions that are anticipated if the project is
approved and being developed, and what you guys have in mind for
mitigating that. I agree with a lot of the comments that Council Member
Scharff made. Clearly there are traffic concerns, and that's something that
will have to be fleshed out. There are a lot of community concerns, and
that's something that the applicant will have to work with the community to
try to minimize as much as possible within your financial model if the project
moves forward. There is things that I like. Council Member Scharff alluded
to the fact there are no variances. It's 100 percent parked which we hear
time and time again. To be honest, personally I think it's over-parked. I
think a lot of people that are going to be commuting for business in this day
and age with Uber and Lyft and other alternative modes of—I don't rent cars
anymore when I go to cities for work or for play or vacation or whatever. No
offense to Hertz and others, but it's more expensive and less convenient
than using technology and using the sharing economy. Similar to Council
Member Scharff, I'm curious to learn more about the TMA. I've heard that
there was a little bit about it in the Staff Report. I think we can assume that
a lot of folks that will be staying here will be going in and around the kind of
Shoreline Business Park area which is right down the road. Obviously
there's a lot of opportunity there, I think, for transportation demand
management solutions. Council Member Scharff talked a little bit about and
                                                                         Page 12 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
