                            TRANSCRIPT
GASB 68 information, they have that information because CalPERS has
provided it. I'm sorry I don't know what it is.

Council Member Filseth: My last question is, we've got a lot of discussion,
there's sort of not anything we can really do about the unfunded liability as
it exists today. In fact, it must vary quite a bit with the average raise that
we give out ...

Mr. Bartel: Yeah, no question.

Council Member Filseth: What assumptions did you make about the average
raise that we give out? Wage increase over the next 30 years.

Mr. Bartel: You mean the average pay—I'm sorry. I want to make sure I'm
understanding the question.

Council Member Filseth: I think, I mean it must depend a lot on if we give
everybody a 3 percent raise or a 4 percent raise. It must have a huge
impact on the unfunded liability.

Mr. Bartel: Not as big an impact as investment return. No question. I just
want you to understand that. The current unfunded is based on what I'll
refer to as two assumptions. Assumption number one is what will general
inflation be and future pay increases will really be tied to future inflation plus
increases above inflation. The increases above—I know this is a more
detailed answer. By and large they are assuming people who are newly
hired get much bigger increases than inflation because they're going through
step rate increases. In the long run, they are expected to get slightly higher
than inflation. CalPERS' inflation assumption, 2 3/4. By and large long-term
salary increases are expected to be a little over 3 percent for long-term
employees. Short-term, step rate increases, all that much, much higher.

Council Member Filseth: That's a minority of employees. Most of them have
been ...

Mr. Bartel: That's right.

Council Member Filseth: You're looking at 3 1/2 percent as probably a ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth ...

Mr. Bartel: Yeah, that's very consistent with the expectation that CalPERS
would have.

Council Member Filseth: All right. Thank you so much.

                                                                           Page 13 of 28
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 9/9/15
