                         TRANSCRIPT
is an indication of no news is good news. As a launching point, the feedback
was good. However, there were two areas that I would say, if I were to
synthesize the comments that we received, that I'd like to focus on very
briefly. One is the direct reports process. You'll remember—we do include
the example of the direct report input process in one of the attachments—
that the Council has been used to some form of input from the CAOs' direct
reports. The current year, we expected to actually use the same online
survey for the direct reports as we used for the Council; however, we were
basically advised by the administration—I think it was a fine decision—that
the direct report process for them would have been more useful if it allowed
the direct reports to share their concerns about issues in the organization
and issues in their departments. For the City Manager, of course, that
meant the Executive Leadership Team and the City Manager's Office. For
the other CAOs, it was to ask their direct reports about their perspective on
the City as an organization as well as their offices. The input process was
designed to surface issues. In this regard, it was very successful. The
feedback that I got along the way once the results were in—I really wasn't
surprised by some of the comments in this satisfaction survey—was
something like "We're hearing about the negative stuff. What about the
good stuff?" I think many employees, as I do remember it, did choose to
surface positive feedback in the "do you have anything else to add," but
clearly it wasn't solicited. A very simple change moving forward, could be
let's add that type of a question. That could be a very easy change. I think,
though, the more important question would be—we are recommending that
we take a bit of a pause and that the City review the purpose for the survey.
I think that's pretty fundamental. Then, you can design the right tool based
on the purpose. The other part of the question, which also informs our
recommendation, is now that you've asked, what are we going to do with
the information. As a former manager, it's very critical that something
happen with the feedback that is received in any process like this. If not, if
the respondents don't see that something has happened and you're asking
them again the very next year, I think that the process and the individuals
involved can lose credibility.

Ms. Egan: Can I jump in for a second?

Ms. Figone: Please.

Ms. Egan: About 10 percent of our clients have an input survey like you
have and that you’ve done. Most of those only do it every two or three, in
one case, five years. They don't do it every year. Of course the tone of the
questions is an important consideration when we go back and revisit this.
You don't want it to be an audit or an indictment or an investigation, but you


                                                                                     Page 4 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
