                          TRANSCRIPT
Larry Klein, Avenidas Board Member:            Thank you, Madam Mayor and
Members of the City Council. I'm speaking tonight as a member of the
Board of Avenidas, which I joined in July of this year. I had previously been
on the Board of Avenidas back in the '90s and several times when I was on
the City Council. From 2005 to 2014, I served as the Council liaison to
Avenidas. Not surprisingly, I have a very high opinion of the organization.
Let me make hopefully time for three points to you. The first is that this is a
public-private partnership created long before that phrase became so
popular. I think we owe a debt to whoever the people were on the Council
back in 1970-75 who went into this agreement with what is now Avenidas.
This public-private partnership had a lot of different reasons. One of them
was that Avenidas is able to do fundraising which, if the City was running its
senior programs, really would not be a possibility.            Cities don't do
fundraising. My calculations are that the fundraising past and present of
Avenidas saves a little over $1 million a year. If the City had to run these
programs, it would have to come up with that money. Interestingly, that
savings of over $1 million a year is basically four to five years of the money
we're asking for the City to come up to help refurbish this building. This
building needs refurbishing. As you know, it's almost 90 years old. When
Avenidas took it over back in the '70s, only minor improvements were really
made to transform it from a police station and a jail into something that
could be used by our seniors. Anybody who is a pro in the real estate
business will tell us that you have to rehab buildings over time. That means
not just the necessary maintenance and the occasional replacement of roofs,
but a major rehabilitation from time to time. That's never occurred with this
building. It's time for it now. It's really tired. That's what we're asking for
tonight. I hope you looked at the letter that we furnished to you signed by
14 former City Council Members. I circulated that and asked some of our
former colleagues to sign. Nobody said no to me; not everybody responded,
but nobody said no. All those 14 said yes. One person had to say that she
couldn't participate because of a conflict of interest. I think that shows that
down through the years, we've had a tremendous amount of support. I
think this is the time for us to really make our Avenidas program a model.
It's already a model, but to bring its facility up to the standard it ought to
be. Thank you.

Amy Andonian, Avenidas CEO: Good evening. I'm Amy Andonian, President
and CEO of Avenidas. I appreciate this opportunity to speak before the City
Council this evening. Some tough acts to follow here. Tonight you've heard
from a number of friends and supporters of Avenidas. I'd like all of them in
the room to stand and show their support of this request. You heard from
Bruce Heister, our Board Chair, who 17 years ago after a successful 35-year
career spanning technology, marketing, strategic planning and general
management, decided that he and his wife would retire in the vibrant City of
                                                                       Page 72 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
