                          TRANSCRIPT
that we can encourage a cooperative mix between property owners? We
just had two major openings on Cal. Ave. now with two retailers announcing
they're leaving. It would be great to see the City be proactive and really try
to encourage some unique retail use to go in there. I actually don't have a
strong opinion about the tourism goal. I would be open to keeping it, but
I'm curious what my colleagues say. Goal B-3 is one that really stresses the
tide of revenue. I emailed an amendment to David. It would be to adopt
the goals as suggested but to modify Goal B-3 to adopt policies that
moderate the pace of jobs growth with a priority for businesses to provide
need in local services, municipal revenue, contribute to our economic vitality
and enhance the City's physical environment. There are sub-bullets that
would request Staff to provide the CAC with comparative impacts to City
revenue based on business type and to consider revenue sources as part of
the discussion. "B," to cross-reference the growth management strategies
that we talked about under Land Use to the Business Element. That was
mentioned in the Staff Report, but to have a consistent discussion there. I'd
offer that as a friendly amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, I'll accept that. On this whole topic, it's
important to—there has been a lot of discussion about Palo Alto is a good
place to incubate small companies but not necessarily to grow great big
ones. The dynamics of the Downtown area versus the Research Park versus
Downtown by San Antonio are different from those things. Putting the focus
on the kind of stuff that you're talking about here, in terms of a mix of local
services and municipal revenues, is important on a Citywide kind of thing.

Mayor Holman:     Vice Mayor Schmid, as seconder of the Motion, do you
accept that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. I would like to offer a couple of amendments to it.
The basis is good.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Modify Goal B-3 (Growth)
to adopt policies that moderate the pace of jobs growth, with priority to
businesses that provide needed local services and municipal revenues,
contribute to economic vitality and enhance the City’s physical environment:

A.    Request Staff provide the CAC comparative impacts of business types
      on City revenue generation, and to consider revenue sources as part of
      their discussion; and


                                                                         Page 73 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
