                          TRANSCRIPT

me its stronger and more appropriate to keep it here. It seems to me,
based on your questions, Council Member Scharff, and Council Member
Burt's questions, it seems like we do maybe need to come back with a
carve-out for the ARB projects. Some kind of clear language that delineates
the chain that those would follow. I don't know how others feel about that.
Council Member Scharff, it sounds like you were going to accept my
amendment.

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I'm fine with it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, are you agreeable?

Council Member Kniss: I am.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add to Municipal Code
Section 18.79.010 (a), ‘that preliminary review is intended to focus on
purpose, scope, conceptual design and other similar matters and is not
intended to involve review of complete drawings and documentation.’”

Council Member Kniss: I just want to point out on this that I don't think this
has happened recently. Can any of you think of a time in the last year that
this has happened?

Mayor Holman: Yeah. The Page Mill/El Camino project.            Not so long ago
Council Member Wolbach referenced it.

Council Member Kniss: I don't remember it coming to us in this particular
way. Perhaps you do. I guess some of that then is the semantics of it, the
purpose, scope, conceptual design and other simple matters. I'm glad to
leave it in, but I think there's going to be a lot of interpretation of this whole
ordinance tonight. We've asked so many questions, and we've had some
different answers. I'm glad to leave it as is and ask Staff if they will tweak it
a bit so that it's clearer to those who read it. I think most of us understand
it, but I think it is a different kind of document than what we've operated
from before.

Ms. Stump: Happy to do that. Happy to take another look at the language.
Again, Council Members, this is not a precise recipe or formula. The process
is a general one. It allows an applicant to come before you and get some
general feedback. You want to leave some discretion for yourself in the
process.

                                                                           Page 48 of 80
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 10/26/15
