                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Yeah, I'll offer that as an amendment.

Mayor Holman: Specifically state your amendment if you would please.

Council Member Scharff: The amendment would be to request the City
Attorney investigate regulatory changes along the lines of requiring a
material impact on the elected officials on the conflict of interest and then
report back to Policy and Services, at which time Policy and Services will
suggest to Council whether or not we should engage our legislative advocate
to seek legislative or regulatory changes on this issue.

Mayor Holman: You're amending the motion to eliminate (a), because Policy
and Services does report and make recommendations to the Council. You're
eliminating (a).

Council Member Scharff: I think (a) comes after we make the decision to
move forward and what the decision should be on.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, do you accept that amendment?

Council Member Burt: No.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: You have an amendment by Council Member Scharff,
second by Council Member Berman.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to replace in the Motion, “request the City Attorney
investigate regulatory changes along the same lines and report to Policy and
Services Committee” with “to direct the City Attorney to investigate
regulatory or legislative opportunities that would include a requirement of
material impact on the elected official on the conflict of interest and report to
the Policy and Services Committee.”

Council Member Scharff: I don't understand what our legislative advocate
would be asking legislators to carry. What changes would they be making
and why? This has been an issue in Palo Alto for ten years. If we're going
to discuss it with our legislators, we should understand the existing
legislation, what needs to be changed, why it needs to be changed and why
they should spend their time on this. Go out and investigate legislative
opportunities is a waste of time. We want to know as a Council what we're
advocating for. We want to know what the regulatory scheme is and what
we would like to be different and how we would change it. Just to say a
requirement of material impact, they may tell us that there's currently a

                                                                           Page 52 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
