                          TRANSCRIPT
A.    Establish a procedure by which applications are accepted and
      processed as they are currently; and

B.    Except that, no applications received after July 1 or the effective date
      of the Ordinance would be approved until after March 31 of the
      following year; and

C.    At that point, if the square footage proposed by all applications
      combined would exceed the annual limit, completed applications that
      have been recommended for approval by an appropriate advisory body
      such as the Architectural Review Board would be ranked based on
      scoring criteria and provided to the City Council for evaluation and
      action; and

D.    If the square footage proposed by all applications combined would not
      exceed the annual limit, the completed applications that have been
      recommended for approval would be acted upon using the usual
      process.

Council Member Kniss: Director Gitelman spoke very clearly earlier tonight
about when the applications would be approved.            Secondly, we have
discussed this before as to how an advisory body would look at the scoring
criteria, and then hand that on to us. I realize that could be a sticking point,
but this is the clearest way that I have seen presented by Staff so far. If the
square footage proposed doesn't exceed the limit, then that's not a problem.
Over the past 15 years, it looks to me like there would have been ten times
when we did not exceed the limit. Again, this is Number of 3 of five parts
that we're discussing tonight. I hope, as the Mayor has urged us to do, we
can move on this with more expediency.

Council Member Scharff: I'm going to support this. It's the best of what
we've been offered. It's a difficult situation for people that they have to put
in their application, wait a long period of time. It's a little difficult on Staff
too. I assume you don't spend a lot of time reviewing it until you get close
and see where you are, then maybe you do. It's going to bunch a lot of
work up for ARB, for Staff, for all of that. Since this is a trial period, what I
come back to is it's worth going in this direction as this is what Staff has
suggested. Therefore, I support this.

Council Member Burt: It's generally good. The only issue that I have is
where we have approval by an advisory body like the ARB. We need to be
more specific here. We may need to defer to the end how we channel these
things. Depending on what criteria we have, if they're traffic and parking
issues, that's more appropriate to the Planning and Transportation
Commission than the ARB. We have a Transportation Commission. If they
                                                                          Page 74 of 145
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/15/15
