                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Do you happen to know what that would mean
for—I mean, will that be allocated on a per capita basis or on a road miles
per city basis? What's the allocation?

Mr. Mello: We have a chart that shows historic allocations by jurisdiction on
other tax measures. Palo Alto was between 2.6 percent and 3.5 percent on
that table.

Council Member Berman: What was the table?

Mr. Mello: The table is a breakdown of the 2014 Measure X allocation, the
vehicle registration fee allocation, population share, OBAG guaranty and
1996 Measure B. They all had varying percentages that range from 2.6 to
3.5.

Council Member Berman: I guess one thing to consider is I'm assuming that
our pavement condition index will be above the maintenance level that they
set to unencumber the funds.

Mr. Keene: I mean right now we're going to hit ...

Council Member Berman: We're at 79, right?

Mr. Keene: Yeah. We're going to hit—what was our target again? 85.

Council Member Berman: 85 by 2019.

Mr. Keene: Yeah, we were going to hit that by 2019.

Council Member Berman: The goal was initially 2021. That could be a
source of funds that we could use for other projects. I'm not sure what that
1.2 billion would lead to on an annual basis or on a total basis or anything
like that, but hopefully something that could help us chip away a little more
at that total project cost for grade separations, if that was what we chose to
put it towards. I agree 100 percent with Council Member Burt that we
should start talking to our State legislators about possible ways to obtain cap
and trade funding for grade separations in particular. I don't know if money
is going towards Caltrain improvements in general. We should also figure
out which cities are looking at grade separations and how many different
legislators there are that represent those cities, and see if a coalition could
be developed to start pushing that goal. The thing that I was thinking
about, that I'll do a little more digging into, is we have a lot of big
companies in Palo Alto, Menlo Park, Mountain View, along the Caltrain
corridor that are probably members of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group,
and Stanford University. Why don't we start reaching out to those folks to

                                                                         Page 48 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
