                          TRANSCRIPT
the Comp Plan process around certain areas that we want to assure are part
of that discussion. No, it doesn't preclude other things elsewhere, but this is
our opportunity to give some guidance.

Council Member Scharff:     I'm fine with the original language, if Council
Member Wolbach is.

Council Member Wolbach: The modified language is better, but I'm open to
tacking something on, if there's something that needs to be added to make
it more broad. It was important after the comments we heard from Staff to
provide a little bit of clarity about what it is we're requesting. I'm open to
an amendment.

Mayor Holman: Let's see where we are. Council Member Scharff is okay
with the original motion. Do I have that correct?

Council Member Scharff: I'm okay with either to be honest.

Mayor Holman: Now we need either a second to that or for Council Member
Wolbach to second it.

Council Member Kniss: That winds us back, right?

Mayor Holman: It winds us back. I'm going to give Council Member
Wolbach the opportunity to see if he would accept that, since he was
seconder on the motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't understand why the original language was
superior, so no I don't.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss has seconded that.

Council Member Kniss: Are you asking me?

Mayor Holman: Yes. Council Member Burt went back to Council Member
Scharff's original motion, which is now seconded by Council Member Kniss,
that through the Comprehensive Plan Update we explore giving
neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that would provide protections
and/or alternative neighborhood protections.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss that through the Comprehensive Plan Update we explore
giving neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that would provide
protections and/or alternative neighborhood protections.


                                                                         Page 63 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
