                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Hurry up.

Council Member Berman: I don't know if Staff has a recommendation of
how we could address that issue here.

Mr. Keene: I understand that the way it's worded isn't going to get us all
the way there. The truth is there's a lot up there that's like that. We
understand what the problem is.     I think we understand.      Yeah, we
understand what the objective is.

Council Member Berman: I don't need it in the Ordinance. General direction
to Staff and the P&TC will solve that. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a last comment. We are getting to the end of the
evening. The point was made, could there be just a simple directive.
Council asked in 2007 for a Cal. Ave. area plan as part of the Comp Plan
Update. That's seven, eight years ago. Here we are tonight trying to deal
with an issue of protecting retail on Cal. Ave. We've become intertwined
with all the strategic issues on California Avenue. It would be helpful in our
Comp Plan Update if we had these policy statements that we could deal with
up front. Yes, we want to protect retail on California Avenue. Take care of
that global issue instead of trying to craft something late at night that
embodies all the strategic issues you can think of.

Mayor Holman: The last comment I will make is the intention again.
Whatever it is, whatever kind of Ordinance you want to call, it's brought
forward. The intention is, as is mentioned on page 805, unless additional
analysis and public outreach is desired at this conjuncture, a draft Ordinance
would be prepared and presented to the Planning and Transportation
Commission for its recommendation and could be acted on by the Council in
late summer, early fall. That addresses Council Member Scharff's concern
about new development.        Anything that you can't accomplish in that
timeframe goes in a parking lot or isn't part of the Interim Ordinance,
however you do that. We're consistent with that goal. I will shy away from
reading this Motion. Apologies to anyone trying to view this at home. All
those in favor, vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with
Council Member Kniss not participating. Thank you to members of the public
for coming and hanging in there with us. Thank you, Colleagues.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, I didn't know what your thinking was about that.
I know that your protocols say that you generally don't take matters up after
10:30.

                                                                       Page 102 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
