                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, as the maker do you accept that?

Council Member Scharff: I'm actually supportive of that. I'm a little
concerned that we could lose people on this stuff. I actually think that I'm
going to say no. If you want to make that as a non-friendly Amendment at
some point, I'm sure someone may, because I don't want to start losing
people. That could be controversial in my view.

Council Member Filseth: Understand.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Mayor Holman
to add to the Motion, “replace in Municipal Code Section 18.85.103(a)
‘submitted to the City’ with ‘approved by the Director.’”
Mayor Holman: I will say just one thing about it. It's a prudent thing to do.
For me, it seems like it's pretty clear that 429 could carry forward. No
matter what the status of it is, it did have an approval by the Director. That
hasn't been rescinded, so 429 could go forward. I agree that we should
protect what retail we can on El Camino. That's the project under this
proposed Amendment that would be protected. That's why I support the
Amendment.

Council Member Wolbach:       First a question on this Amendment that's
proposed for the City Attorney. Does changing 18.85.103 from submitted by
March 2nd to approved by March 2nd, which would only impact this one site
on El Camino Real, does that endanger the legal resilience of this Urgency
Ordinance?

Ms. Silver: No, I think that's a policy call for the Council. That's certainly
within your purview.

Council Member Wolbach: That was my concern.

Council Member Burt: First I want to say that I agree with Council Member
Scharff procedurally on how we ought to go about this tonight since it
requires eight votes for passage. Rather than get the primary Motion hung
up on an Amendment that may or may not get eight votes, this lets us vote
on those individual Amendments. There is another sequencing issue, which
is if we can consider changing any definitions tonight on retail services to
include, say, automotive services or service stations or daycare, that
probably ought to be done before we vote on this Amendment. It would
impact the ramifications of this. I don't know procedurally whether we could
put this one in abeyance until after we address the definitions. I see the
City Attorney wants to wade in.


                                                                         Page 41 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
