                          TRASNCRIPT
permit. Staff has held four public sessions at this point to assist with
account setup and questions at the Downtown Library, Channing House and
Avenidas and has five additional sessions scheduled prior to start of the
program enforcement on September 15th. Once again, there's additional
information provided on the City's website. Finally, on GreenWaste. I
actually didn't note this one. GreenWaste automated collection, another
area of some activity with community interest.           A recent contract
amendment with GreenWaste approved by the Council on June 15th
provided for the implementation of automated refuse collection in a number
of neighborhoods which has allowed the replacement of the oldest trucks
previously in use, purchased over a decade ago. New trucks will begin
operation tomorrow, September 1st, using fully automated loading arms to
pick up refuse containers on the street. Change in operation will reduce
personnel costs and improve cost effectiveness. GreenWaste is in contact
with individual residents to address issues that may particularly affect areas
with high on-street parking. Both GreenWaste and City Staff is working with
individual residents to address any specific issues encountered along the
way. That concludes my report, Mayor and Council. I turn it back to the
Mayor.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Mr. Shikada. With that, there is a statement to
be read here. As many of you know, the City has been working with the
County and Supervisor Joe Simitian and Caritas, a nonprofit that manages
mobile home parks, to put together a strong offer to buy Buena Vista and to
keep it as a mobile home park. After the City Council finished its legal
obligation to approve the owner's closure application and approve the
relocation payments, we the City set aside $14 1/2 million in funding for this
purpose, using funds from developer fees that can only be used for
affordable housing purposes. Last week, we learned that the residents had
filed a legal action which can occur as a last step in the closure process.
Under the circumstances, we are not surprised that the residents felt it
necessary to file this lawsuit to protect their interests in the event that the
park closed. Today we learned that the owner of Buena Vista Park, Joe
Jisser, has rejected Caritas' offer and accepted the City's closure
determination. This is deeply disappointing. The residents of Buena Vista
are members of our community, and we know that the park closure will have
a tremendous impact on many of their lives. We do not know at this time if
and when the residents may receive a six-month notice to vacate the site or
if there is still a possibility that Mr. Jisser might reconsider Caritas' offer.
Tonight on behalf of the Council, we want to reiterate our support for the
Buena Vista community and know that these developments are not the
outcome we were all hoping for. With that and no appropriate segue at all
at hand or visible, I look to the City Clerk to see if you have an outcome
from the first vote for the UAC candidates.
                                                                         Page 40 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
