                          TRANSCRIPT
      Approval. This Ordinance is Exempt from the California Environmental
      Quality Act (CEQA) Pursuant to Section 15061(b)(3) and Section
      15305 of the CEQA Guidelines.

Mayor Holman: I will leave the rest of the description to Staff, but in brief
this is adoption of a California Avenue retail preservation ordinance. Staff
will have a presentation to make here shortly.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. Good evening, City Council. This is a draft ordinance,
the first reading of a retail preservation ordinance that addresses formula
retail on California Avenue and some other regulations to the nearby areas.
The Council may recall that this was a conversation that probably goes back
to 2014 where there was some initial discussion about retail preservation in
general, but also specifically to California Avenue. More recently on the
18th, the Council directed Staff to—they had a public meeting, heard some
comments and testimony from area residences and businesses expressing
some of the concerns about changes to the neighborhood character on
California Avenue, the introduction of formula or chain retailers and the
perceived proliferation of hair and nail salon facilities on California Avenue.
It was at that time that the City Council gave Staff direction to prepare the
draft ordinance that's before you this evening. Along its journey, we did
stop at the PTC for two public hearings. After their deliberation, which is
included in the Staff Report, the Commission recommended supporting the
proposed amendment that's before you. Based on that direction, the
ordinance principally addresses three main issues. One is to regulate
formula retail, hair and nail salons on Cal. Ave.. It expands the R Combining
District to Cambridge, Park Boulevard and some portions of El Camino Real.
It adjusts the nonconforming use regulations that apply to the R Combining
District. The Staff Report notes that there were some other items that the
City Council had asked Staff to take a look at. Respecting the Council's
interest in returning quickly, we deferred some of those other items that we
thought would take more time or require more resources. A list of those
actions are included in the Staff Report. I'll just briefly go over the three
main components of the ordinance. The first one having to do with formula
retail. We wanted to start off by defining what formula retail is. It is a use,
whether its retail, restaurant, that has a contractual obligation to meet
certain defined criteria. Notably, the way that we've defined it, one would
have to have ten or more of these types of locations in the United States.
There's no magic in ten; that can be a discussion of the Council. The PTC
discussed it and concluded that ten was an appropriate number. Once we
defined what formula retail was, we wanted to go about setting forth a
process to review that. The recommended process is a conditional use
permit. This is a permit that is reviewed by the Director and is subject to a
                                                                        Page 34 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
