                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman inquired whether Mr. Beccaria would utilize more
dated sales if two sales in the year prior to the appraisal were wildly
different in terms of valuation.

Mr. Beccaria advised that he utilized a group of eight or nine parks in order
to find more current data.

Council Member Berman did not understand why Mr. Beccaria dismissed
concerns about time adjustments and a $20 per square foot flat rate across
all properties.

Mr. Beccaria reported 2011 sales showed up on the higher end of the value
range while 2012 sales showed up slightly lower. If primary data conflicted
with statistical data, then the primary data overrode other data. He did
make time adjustments between late 2011 and January 2013. The $20 per
square foot adjustment was the minimum adjustment, because of
substandard housing and because the average value was approximately
$18,000 or $19,000. No higher adjustment was warranted. The $20 per
square foot adjustment did not work when analyzing all data simultaneously.

Council Member Berman recalled that Mr. Beccaria chose not to use a time
adjustment, because the median sale price in 2012 for mobile homes in
Santa Clara County was $70,000 and the sale price in 2006 was
approximately $85,000.      He inquired whether Mr. Beccaria could have
utilized San Mateo County as a comparison, because Palo Alto was more
similar to Menlo Park than to Gilroy.

Mr. Beccaria needed a great deal of good mobile home park data which was
not available in Menlo Park. Locations in Redwood City were not the same
as in Palo Alto. He preferred to use data from Sunnyvale or Mountain View,
because those locations provided good data and park deficiencies offset the
location issues.

Council Member Berman requested Ms. Aziz respond.

Ms. Aziz could ask her expert to respond in writing to Council Member
questions, if the Council felt that was appropriate.

Council Member DuBois inquired about the sources for the chart contained
on Page 10 of the Staff Report. They seemed to have different pricing.

Ms. Nanda reported the City Attorney requested she provide data for market
rate apartments in cities surrounding Palo Alto when she was preparing the
RIR. She used Sunnyvale, East Palo Alto, Mountain View, Redwood City, and
Palo Alto. The Hearing Officer's Exhibit A directed the use of an average,
                                                                       Page 12 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
