                         TRANSCRIPT
quite established whether you're really talking about the outskirts or
whether you were taking about the main part of it. It primarily is in Palo
Alto, and it should be something that mitigates for the intense development
on the campus as well.

Council Member DuBois: One of my questions was could we use that money
for the bike bridge construction over 101.

Council Member Kniss: I think that was certainly one of the things we talked
about. It was, as I recall, what we discussed at the time. That was
definitely one of the uses for the money. In fact, I believe, we have ...

Ms. Syed: The Adobe Creek overcrossing is funded.

Council Member Kniss: ... 5 million for that.

Ms. Syed: It's part of the 10 million in funding that we were awarded. This
project received 1.5 million. That project, I believe, received 4 million from
this funding source.

Council Member DuBois: If we didn't use this, could we add it to the bridge?
Assuming ...

Ms. Syed: We would need to ask County staff. We've been advised that the
County Board of Supervisors will be considering what to do with—Stanford
returned the funding for the Stanford Perimeter Trail.

Council Member DuBois: We haven't seen that bridge yet, but I'm assuming
the cost probably went up anyways. Just an idea.

Female: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: You already returned it?

Ms. Syed: No, no. Stanford returned the funding they were awarded. They
chose to use their own funding for the Stanford Perimeter Trail recently. In
response to that, the County Board of Supervisors will be acting again on
this funding source. Some time, we're not sure when. Sorry, it might have
been irrelevant.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to run out of time. I did attend the
community kick-off in 2014. There were a lot of people there. Most of them
were opposed; they didn't want a trail behind their homes.         On the
alternative path, I think the CAC recommended Loma Verde, Colorado or
East Meadow. East Meadow goes by several parks, a couple of schools. I

                                                                           Page 31 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
