                          TRANSCRIPT
and criteria for implementing, and then finally we're going to talk about the
issue of the pipeline projects and the exemption of pipeline projects.
Skipping ahead to land uses and exemptions. The Council gave us very
specific direction in earlier hearings about how to frame the Ordinance and
what uses it would apply to. It would apply to all of these office and R&D
categories; R&D, administrative office services, general business office,
medical offices over 5,000 square feet and professional offices. In terms of
the exemptions, there is an exemption suggested in the Ordinance. It's not
listed here, but it's in the Ordinance for SOFA II and other coordinated area
plan areas. I expect we will want to talk about that. There are in addition
other exemptions for uses less than 2,000 square feet. I already mentioned
medical offices less than 5,000 square feet. We're exempting a class of
projects which the Council referred to as self-mitigating projects in the
original Motion. We're exempting City government offices. Also, noting for
the record that accessory office uses and home occupations would not be
affected. Finally the exemption for pipeline projects that we'll talk about in a
moment. Maybe I'll get all the way through the presentation and we'll come
back. The next question I want to pose for the Council is this question about
coordinated area plans and whether those should be exempted. Just to
move on to the process and criteria. Essentially the way the Council and
Staff discussed this originally, we would accept and process applications for
office and R&D projects like we do currently in the affected areas of the City.
They would be reviewed by Staff. We would prepare CEQA documents.
They would be reviewed by the ARB and other recommending bodies. Those
bodies would make a recommendation, but the final action would not be
taken until March 31st of the fiscal year. At that point we would evaluate
whether the office annual limit was potentially going to be exceeded. If the
answer is no, the applications would be approved and processed as usual. If
the limit would be exceeded, then the applications would be reviewed
against the criteria and brought to the Council for a decision on which
applications would be approved and which would be denied or deferred to a
future year. The Council articulated very clearly for us in an early Motion the
criteria that you would like to see applied for the review of applications in
those years when the total square footage exceeded the annual limit. These
are outlined in the Ordinance you have in front of you. We have two
questions with regard to the process and criteria. The first is would the
Council like to reconsider the use of a competitive process and instead rely
on some kind of first-come-first-serve. I'll explain the reason for this in a
moment.      The second question is if the Council elects to maintain a
competitive process, would you like to somehow weight the criteria that are
included in the Ordinance. Really, the reason we're asking these two
questions is we heard at the PTC and from members of the public that the
unweighted criteria in a competitive process creates a very uncertain
outcome for the public and for the applicants. If we could add some
                                                                         Page 98 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
