                          TRANSCRIPT

transportation plan. It has some of that kind of view in it; provisions for
transit, expressways, local streets, grade separations, even bicycles, and
how those should all work together to move people around the county. The
Envision Silicon Valley measure doesn't really feel like that. It feels more
like a single point project wrapped together with some scaffolding designed
by political pull to make it more likely to pass a public vote. Now, we all
know there's a political reality to big public infrastructure projects. The fact
is the San Mateo plan is better work. There's no reason that our county plan
can't be better work too. That's what this letter calls for. I support the
letter. I think we should vote for it. I think the County should internalize it.

Council Member Wolbach: This might hint a little bit at Item 3. A couple of
framing ideas about goals of transportation, and these are the reasons why I
support this letter. I think this letter is starting to hint at these. I want to
support the comments that were made by my colleagues already. The way I
see it, the goal of the work in transportation should be to reduce single
occupancy vehicle trips; to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from
transportation in Santa Clara County; to provide speedy and smooth intra-
county or subregional movement regardless of income or mobility status;
and to provide speedy and smooth inter-county or regional movement, again
regardless of income or mobility status. Very often an agency that provides
modes of transportation focuses more on getting people onto their modes of
transportation than addressing what should be the real goals. It's important
that we continue to press VTA to recognize that the goal isn't to get people
onto VTA shuttles, onto VTA buses or onto VTA light rail. The goal is to
reduce transportation greenhouse gases, reduce SOV trips and make sure
people can get around.

Council Member Burt: I'd just like to make two quick comments. One is I'd
also like to say thanks to the Mountain View Council representatives who
came tonight. I'm very encouraged by the current Mountain View Council's
interest in working together with Palo Alto. It's frankly something that a
number of us had been seeking for a number of years. We're really glad to
see that the Mountain View Council is real interested in doing so. We look
forward to cooperating. The other thing is a point that one or two of the
speakers made. We have a strong argument that based on our population,
we are getting a far disproportionate share of the dollars from these past
measures. That actually understates the issue. Those dollars should not be
so much supporting residents, but they're supporting people getting to and
from their jobs principally. The North County supports more of those jobs.
The dollars to support the residents of San Jose should be shifted more to
the North County to support those people going to their jobs. That's an
                                                                         Page 77 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
