                          TRANSCRIPT
aspects that have been brought up. Significant changes have been made
over the project. That doesn't take it from 1 to 100, but significant changes
have been made during the course of the project. We respectfully request
that you approve the project, that you accept the recommendation of Staff
for the Design Enhancement Exception, and accept the Statement of
Overriding Considerations. I'd like to ask our traffic consultant to address a
few points specifically about traffic.

Luke Schwartz, Kimley-Horn and Associates: My name is Luke Schwartz.
I'm with Kimley-Horn and Associates. I was the traffic consultant on the
project. There were a couple of statements through the hearing that
represent a little bit of a misunderstanding of some of the technical analysis.
The major one I'll hit on is the concerns regarding ingress into the parking
garage and potential queuing onto Grant. We did analyze the full inbound
demand at the garage access. There was a number of reasons why this
analysis was conservative. I want to mention that the parking machines can
take a different amount of time to load, depending on which stall needs to
be accessed. It could be as short as 20 seconds, if the right stall is in line.
The maximum loading time could be 80 seconds. In our analysis, we
assume that the full 80 seconds would occur for every car that needs to load
at those entering machines. Also, only about a quarter of the parking stalls
in the garage are accessed from the machines at the entry. The remaining
three-quarters of the stalls would be further in the garage and wouldn't add
to any loading time at that entry point. In the analysis, we assume that
double that, 50 percent of the cars that need to access the garage are going
to wait and have to load at that entry point. There's a couple of other
factors in this analysis that are intended to be overly conservative. The
project traffic estimates that we use in the study assume no reductions for
transit, bicycle or pedestrian mode split; although, the project's within two
blocks of Caltrain.

Public Hearing closed at 10:19 P.M.

Mayor Holman: It is 10:20. We have three options. We can continue this
item, preferably to a date certain. We can continue Item Number 9, which is
the Office and R&D annual growth limit, hopefully also to a date certain,
June 22 or June 29. We do have full agendas coming up. We can power
through both of these items. I look to my colleagues for opinions.

Council Member Scharff: I'll move we continue Item Number 9 to whatever
dates we're talking about or to a date uncertain.

Mayor Holman: That would be June 22 or 29.


                                                                        Page 65 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
