                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: It's a little bit different. It says ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, microphone please.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually what we had at places was slightly
different. It asked us to consider and provide direction. Do we want to
adopt it tonight? I want to also check with the maker.

Mayor Holman: Let's ask the City Clerk. We had the at-places memo. Is
that on the screen taken directly from the at-places memo?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: No, it's not. I took off that "Council consider and
provide direction." That's what you were doing tonight.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Wolbach, then what is your contention
here?

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to check with Staff.             At this point
since we're pretty comfortable with it, but we know that ...

Council Member Berman: I thought there was a noticing problem. I believe
that was why the at-places memo had the clarification.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I apologize, Madam Mayor. We would like the
Council not to actually adopt the ordinance tonight.           To support the
ordinance, and with that clear direction the Staff will come back. It will be
on your consent agenda. You won't need to discuss it again. We will
provide a more specific notice to the public of the ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Does that ...

Council Member Berman: Let's add in that ...

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for letting me interrupt to make that
last minute change.

Mayor Holman: Thank you and appreciate that catch. With that, it is to
support the proposed ordinance amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter
5.30. With that, vote on the board please. That passes unanimously.
Thank you again to Staff.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs



                                                                             Page 68 of 71
                                                              City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/9/15
