                          TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Abendschein: Exactly. Everybody pays a drought surcharge.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for explaining that.

Mr. Abendschein: Just to make it clear, the use of the surcharge is
specifically to collect revenue to pay for our operations. It is not to collect
extra revenue, and it is not to send a price signal.

Council Member DuBois: If we activate this in September and we get heavy
rains in November, does the drought surcharge remain in place until we
recoup those costs or is it tied to water?

Mr. Abendschein: It stays in place until the Council chooses to remove it.

Council Member DuBois: I am concerned that we raise rates 12 percent and
we're adding this drought surcharge which could be another 8 percent on an
average non-conserving household. I did read the Minutes, the Finance.
You guys had a pretty good discussion about that. I am concerned basically
if people who are conserving and see this charge—I will leave it at that and
see if any of my colleagues share that concern.

Council Member Wolbach: Is there any discount or voucher either provided
by the City or that we can make accessible for people who are of lower
income, for people who are on fixed income or lower income? I am
concerned that this might have a pretty serious impact.

Ms. Stump: Council Member Wolbach, Utilities Director Fong is taking a look
at me, because there are legal issues with those types of rate subsidy
programs, which were quite common in California before Prop 218. Since
that time, the courts have indicated that it is not appropriate for rate-making
agencies to shift costs even for a very laudable and traditional policy goal
such as supporting low income or senior basic utility usage.               The
constitutional requirement is that rates be set proportional to the cost of
providing service to the customer. We are no longer able to provide those
kinds of traditional rate support mechanisms from the rate base itself.

Ms. Fong: If you don't mind, could I just add briefly?

Mayor Holman: Of course.

Ms. Fong: We don't have those traditional collections that we can make
from the general rate base. We do have a voluntary program. It's called
Project Pledge. Customers can apply for the voluntarily contributed dollars
                                                                        Page 42 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
