                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: With that, we go to Oral Communications. We have two
speakers who wish to speak under Oral Communications. The first being
Bob Moss. The second being Stephanie Munoz. You'll each have 3 minutes.
If you can come forward when you hear your name called for this and the
next item, that would be helpful. Thank you.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Since this is
the last scheduled Council meeting of the year, I thought I'd do something
unusual and recognize the efforts that all of you put in as Council Members
and the time and effort that you spend reading hundreds of pages of Staff
Reports, letters from the public, letters from developers and applicants every
week, the time you put in at meetings, 5 or 6 hours for a Council meeting,
and then there are the Committee meetings, Finance Committee, Public
Works, the liaison that you have with other Commissions and Committees.
You put in an awful lot of time and effort. It really is a symbol of the
dedication you have to try to make the City work and make it better. You
aren't, of course, always correct. I mean, there have been a few times
some of you have voted opposite to the way that I've recommended you do
on an issue. Of course, when you did that, you're always wrong, but you're
allowed to make a few errors from time to time. I do want to thank you and
give our appreciation for all of the time and effort you spend. Fortunately,
you're reimbursed for it. If you were paid minimum wage, you'd all get
huge pay raises. Again, I want to thank all of you for the time and effort
you put in and for the work you do and for the effort you dedicate to the
community in trying to make Palo Alto a better place. Thanks again.

Mayor Holman: We don't usually encourage applause, but ... Thank you,
Mr. Moss, for coming and for your kind words. Our next speaker under Oral
Communications is Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Let me echo Bob Moss' compliments. You deserve them.
It's the time of the solstice and a time of change. It might be time to
recognize that in the 50 years that I've been watching this Council we've
made a lot of progress, I think, toward our idea of what is a reasonable
manner of governance. I'd like to say that we haven't quite approached it,
but at least we've changed from a kind of single-minded progress,
something like lemmings, trying to make the value of property in Palo Alto
increase to something where those values take their place along with other
values such as not leaving people out in the cold and the rain when they
don't have a house anymore. Tonight's not so bad, but one of these nights

                                                                       Page 15 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
