                          TRANSCRIPT
Pardee Park and Johnson Park Community Gardens. The meeting will take
place at the Embarcadero Community Room at the Rinconada Library from
6:30 to 7:30 P.M. Work on the project is expected to begin this fall.
Certainly be able to talk about our drought regulations and restrictions in
conjunction with that. The Newell Road Bridge Environmental Impact Report
Scoping meeting, this is an important meeting. Our Staff is initiating the
formal study of the proposed Newell Road/San Francisquito Bridge
replacement project. The next step in re-engaging our community on the
project will be this EIR Scoping meeting to be held on Thursday,
September 3rd, at 6:30 P.M. here in the Council Chambers. At this meeting,
interested members of the public are encouraged to provide input on the
scope of the environmental analysis to be performed and the focus and
content of the EIR document being prepared for the project. Comments
made during this scoping meeting and written comments submitted prior to
Monday, September 14th, will be incorporated into the project EIR. Our
Staff has sent meeting invitations to individual residents in Palo Alto and
East Palo Alto and neighborhood associations in the vicinity of the bridge.
Information about the project is posted online at cityofpaloalto.org/newell.
The scoping meeting will be broadcast live by the Media Center and will also
be available for on-demand viewing at the Media Center website. I would
just encourage Palo Alto residents who are concerned about the potential
designs for the bridge, there are a number of those that are being studied as
part of the formal EIR process that a lot of folks have raised concerns about.
It is important for people to be sure that their voice is heard during this
scoping project about the different bridge options that are out there. As you
know, the State of California and actually across the West is experiencing an
unprecedented wildfire fire season due to the drought and climate change.
On Sunday, August 16th, our Engine 66 returned from a 14-day strike team
deployment to the Mad River Complex fire in far northern California. A strike
team is five fire engines with a leader for a total of 22 firefighters
representing agencies throughout Santa Clara County. The crew of our
Engine 66 from Palo Alto were Captain Christy Baird, Apparatus Operator
Matt Goglio, Firefighter/Paramedic Jesse Wooton, and Firefighter/EMT Tim
Gaffney. Our thanks go out to them and their volunteer efforts to support
fighting those wildland fires. Just so we're clear, all of the costs associated
with these deployments, equipment, administrative costs, etc., are
reimbursed under the California Fire Assistance Agreement which the Council
updated and approved earlier this year. On the emergency front, as we
start to hear more and more about the potential for a strong El Nino this
winter, emergency preparedness is more important than ever. If you as a
citizen in Palo Alto are interested in helping our community prepare for any
potential disaster or flooding in this instance or in any other potential events
as well as prevent or reduce crime in the aftermath of any kind of real
difficulty, the Palo Alto Emergency Services Volunteer Program is recruiting
                                                                           Page 4 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
