                          TRANSCRIPT
place. If we end up at the same path at 2017 instead of 2015, I think
that's okay as long as hopefully we all end up with a regional approach.

Council Member Scharff: Just briefly. As I said, I wholeheartedly support
this. I think it is important to be aware of what's going on regionally and to
eventually get on the same page. I'd echo what Council Member Berman
said, but that we don't need to rush there in terms of we need to figure it
out and think thoughtfully about what we want to do. I did also want to
briefly mention that—I forget exactly the name of the shopping center
because I don't ever go there—when I was on the Cities Association, we
actually talked a little bit about the shopping center that straddles both San
Jose and Santa Clara. After San Jose passed the minimum wage and Santa
Clara didn't have it, the employees would quit their jobs in one part of the
mall and immediately go to work in the other part of the mall whenever
those became available. I thought that was a real-world coordination issue
that was sort of interesting.

Council Member Kniss: I support this as well, but I'd really like to ask
Council Member Filseth if he wants to push a little more on the two-tiered.
We actually did a little homework today to ask how a local restaurant deals
with their tips. In that restaurant they pool them among those who are,
what they call, out front and they are divided up. I'm going to guess that
makes a big difference in their income. Maybe that extra dollar doesn't
make a great difference to those who work in the front. I think the two-
tiered approach is one that we should take a look at, if not tonight in the
future. Even though you said LA turned it down, Cara Silver. Yeah. I think
that has some merit, because we heard from people in the community that
there is such a differentiation. If you were to keep your workers who don't
give tips or give them the raise versus those who do get tips, that somehow
strikes a note of fairness with me. Again, I don't want to steal your
thunder on this. You brought it up first, but it's something we happened to
discuss today with a real live restaurant close by. I imagine that's what
many restaurants do. I have heard, though, that in some restaurants
where the tip is added on, that is handled by management. I think there
are a lot of things we don't know yet. The service charge that Tom talked
about tonight, I think, is actually done in Berkeley now. It was easier,
apparently, than going through this tiered kind of system. As it goes back
to Policy and Services, it would seem as though that should be one of the
issues we really concentrate on.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to propose a friendly amendment. There
was a component of what was unanimously approved by Policy and
Services which was left out of the Staff recommendation for some reason
and was also left out of the original motion. I'd like to reintroduce that.
                                                                         Page 36 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
