                          TRANSCRIPT
trying to navigate their way through the building. On the left side in
particular, how do I get to the street once entering into the elevator lobby
area, or to the right once emerging from the parking levels onto the street,
where am I, trying to get my bearings as a visitor. Then ultimately when
returning to your vehicle, "Is this the entrance? How do I get back to the
parking level?" Other entrances to the parking level, really not intuitive
entrances for parking.      Again, just simply to emphasize the existing
conditions. Once again, the point is not to over-emphasize our existing
conditions. As you perhaps have spent lots of time in a given environment,
some of these things tend to fade into the background. It's worthwhile to
spend a few moments talking to how this can appear for those who, again,
are not familiar with the area. Even for the City Hall building itself, once you
get to the front of the building, you can see the lettering that's on the
windows, the glass on wall. Approaching the building, it's not intuitive
where the doors are to the City Hall building. Perhaps just to emphasize the
point of some of these things fading into the background in any given
environment, these are signs that are either currently existing with the
singular exception of the upper right, recently removed from the elevators
as a part of the refurbishment project. Here, all interior to the building.
Here are some examples of the signage outside for those entering the
parking facilities on the left to those entering the police entrance off of
Forest Avenue on the right side. Now to speak to some of the proposed
signage and existing versus proposed location. Here is the existing entrance
in front on Hamilton Avenue.         Showing a rendering of the proposed
monument sign. It's also been suggested that the words "City Hall" could be
a useful functional add to this sign which certainly could be done if not
duplicative. Once again, a little closer to the front door of City Hall. Here,
showing a rendering of the frame that would be used to provide some depth
and articulation to the entrance and entrance location more visible farther
out. This is the existing entrance to the library off of Forest. Here, across
the street on Forest, the entrance to the police building. The rendering here,
prior slides showing a bit of the detail on the lettering. The concept here
had been and is that in a few years when the police has vacated, the letters
could be replaced with appropriate alternative signage for whatever
functions are in the building. Here, showing the entrance to the parking
facility. Once again, not intuitive for those who are either coming to it from
the street or exiting. Showing more of a "where are you," helping a visitor
gain their bearings. We are talking about changing out what's shown in that
upper area of the gray, which is text showing the location, to replace that
with a map to be more graphic like you would see in a shopping area, to get
more of a sense of orientation. This interior sign here on the lobby level,
pretty self-explanatory. Same here, the type of lettering that would be
used.

                                                                         Page 17 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
