                         TRANSCRIPT
that we all desire and thrive for here on the Peninsula. One of the things
that hasn't been talked about tonight and I would like to echo to the
Council is hope. Many of the residents who work in this community from
East Palo Alto, all they want is an opportunity to have hope. Hope that
they could work hard, earn a wage that will allow them to raise their sons
and daughters in our communities. Hope that the employers that they're
working with believe in them enough to help develop them and give them
opportunity so that they can maintain a quality of life that's honorable.
Hope that their sons and daughters, by living on the Peninsula, will have
access to all the various resources that the Peninsula has to offer,
education, quality of life, the environment. Hope. People just need hope.
$11, $15, $20 an hour is not where we need to hang our discussion on.
How do we create hope in individuals that they will have a place to reside
here in the Bay Area, here in the Peninsula, here in the Palo Alto region?
Will they have an opportunity to continue to be your neighbors two or three
years from now? We know right now there's just a strong inequality
between the work and housing. Many of the people just want the hope to
know that they can reside in the house that they have right now, and that
from that place that they can build. I support the work of the Committee
and the recommendations that are going forward. Thank you for your
leadership.

Jessica LaMaack: Mayor and Members of the Council. My name is Jessica
LaMaack, and I'm here this evening on behalf of the Palo Alto members of
the California Restaurant Association. This evening we're here to express
our concerns over the 22 percent minimum wage increase proposed which
is $11 by just a few short months or the 64 percent increase should you
decide to go to $15 by 2018. Most restaurants within this community are
facing razor thin profit margins of around 3.5 percent. For example, should
a restaurant be able to make at least $1 million in profits, the restaurant
owner only keeps $35,000 for themselves. That's not splitting between co-
owners and/or bank loans they had to take out for the original investment
of the restaurant. We strongly encourage the Council to consider the
minimum wage increase on a more targeted and more meaningful
approach; thus, to avoid unintended consequences. Within the four walls of
a restaurant, the only employees taking home the $9 an hour State
minimum wage are actually the highest earned employees—you've heard
this from other speakers—because they are tipped. Research was done
within this community. Tips average about $20 in a full-service restaurant
on top of their wage. Now, the heart of the house employees, the cooks,
the prep chefs and the dishwashers, they're the only ones taking home a
solely hourly wage, which is much higher because the restaurant owners
want to keep that talented work that they've invested time, sharing recipes
and showing how to prepare their meals. Thus, we ask the Council to
                                                                       Page 26 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 08/24/15
