                          TRANSCRIPT
that much more massive than what's there. The rest of it is residential floor
area on the third floor and the fourth floor. There was no intent by my firm
to deceive anyone with our renderings. The idea there is to get back far
enough to show the context. It does no good to show a building up close
without showing the context if our whole discussion is going to be about
compatibility and context. To answer Council Member Scharff's questions
about the alley and circulation, we're actually increasing the alley four feet
along our building where our garage entrance is and where the bike parking
is. That four feet will allow additional space there, but we have found that
with 20-foot alleys, which is what we have, there's typically plenty of room
for a truck to pull over and for vehicles to get by especially in a one-way
situation. I urge you to support the ARB and your Staff and deny this
appeal. Thank you.

Randy Popp, Architectural Review Board Chair:             Good evening, Mayor
Holman and Council Members. My name is Randy Popp, and I am here in
my capacity as Chair of the Architectural Review Board to provide some
perspective on the support the Board offered for this project. While the Staff
Report is correct in noting this project was reviewed by the Board three
times, you have heard prior to this submittal the Applicant proposed a
similar project which incorporated one less parcel, which was reviewed
earlier. The Board spent numerous hours in discussion which cannot all be
summarized, but I will seek to highlight some of that. There are really just
two topics that I'd like to focus on. The first is building scale as it relates to
style and massing. The second is context and in particular how that relates
to pedestrian-oriented design. To the points of style and massing, overall
the Board felt this Applicant has successfully integrated the proposed floor
area into a structure which creates transitions from adjacent properties and
respects the policies and goals outlined in the Comprehensive Plan.
Breaking down the overall mass of the building into multiple forms, stepping
back elements of the building design and relating elements of the building
with those existing at adjacent properties was both a focus of the Board's
discussion and ultimately a successful response as proposed by the
Applicant. The Board did make mention of the structures on Kipling Street.
Related to those structures and their current use, particular attention was
paid to addressing concerns raised for the rear corner of the property at the
alley.   Again, the Board felt the Applicant has successfully mitigated
concerns related to mass and has organized the building so that its uses are
thoughtfully controlled at this location with terraces and the major elements
well integrated into the building form. There is a rhythm along University
Avenue. Our pedestrian-oriented guidelines seek to preserve and enhance
this. The project design as approved has successfully incorporated a spacing
of narrow, solid elements and allowed for a regular pattern of open
storefront glass consistent with nearby structures. The building across the
                                                                          Page 48 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/04/15
