                          TRANSCRIPT
but in mixed use and biking paths. We had an issue earlier today about
putting in a little bike path, a mini park, things like that. I want to make
sure that we're not excluding the quality aspect when we look at it. Is that
right, Council Member Burt?

Council Member Burt: I was assuming that in the last portion of it,
"providing protections" is referring to quality issues. If there's a change that
would make it more clear, "provide means to ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) get your vote.

Council Member Burt: I'm not doing vote trading. I'm trying to get a better
direction of intent. That's part of the intent. If you had specific language
that would clarify that, I'd be open (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: What if you just said "we explore opportunities to institute
overlays or alternative neighborhood protections that promote neighborhood
quality."

Council Member Burt: That's fine with me. Liz, are you fine?

Council Member Kniss: I'm fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Substitute
Motion, “giving neighborhoods the option to institute overlays that would
provide protections” with “opportunities to institute overlays.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: One other thing about the beginning of it, "through the
Comp Plan Update." This April meeting we had where we were given a
planning process. It had specific dates of both the community work sessions
and the Council work sessions. Under that, we had Council work sessions in
December, February and March on land use and community design. I
assume what we're talking about today as part of that Comp Plan process
would be during those meetings we would discuss policies and programs that
had an impact on the things we're identifying. Is that a correct assumption?

Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Schmid, I will have to get you a revised schedule.
Subsequent to the schedule you just showed us, the Council added the
citizens advisory committee, so there's been a change. We're going to have
to update that schedule to reflect meetings of the committee, meetings with
the Council, and when the two will come together. Please, if you could, put
that schedule aside and I'll get you a new one just as soon as I can. You're
right. There will be opportunities when the City Council has an opportunity
to discuss goals as well as the policies and programs that come from the
                                                                          Page 65 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
