                          TRANSCRIPT
to the private sector pension compensation limit, it's about 53 percent of it.
The common sense thing to do would have been to tie the PEPRA
compensation limit to match that of the private sector compensation limit.
Here's what's going to happen, and this is not going to happen for a lot of
agencies right away. We're starting to see it happen as people will hire
people to senior positions outside. We think in the long run this is going to
have an adverse impact on Safety as well. You hire somebody from the
outside; they get the PEPRA 2 percent, outside the state for example or from
the private sector. If they have a $160,000 salary, that really reduces the 2
percent at 62 formula to an effective 1.75 or, if they make $200,000, it
results in a 1.4 percent. Now, I'm confident there are people who will say,
"That's okay." The challenge, of course, is when you're recruiting very
senior people from outside, the compensation that they are getting outside,
the compensation that they are getting outside in the public sector at senior
positions is much higher than what the City can pay. One big advantage, a
recruiting advantage, is a pension formula. The bigger impact you have on
that pension formula, and it will be higher as time goes by, will make it I
think harder for you to recruit. I also think in the long run this will impact
Safety more than it will impact non-Safety. There is a provision in PEPRA,
you can supplement this with a defined contribution plan. My comment is
you should just be aware of this and just recognize that if you're going to
supplement it, you should start that defined contribution plan sooner rather
than later. I'm going to go through the next couple slides very, very quickly,
since I think I've probably gotten to my 30 minutes. What we're talking
about is ways to pay down the unfunded liability. In the interest of full
disclosure, I'm putting items here; I do not necessarily advocate all of the
items that you see here. From a informational standpoint, there certainly
are agencies that are looking at pension obligation bonds.              Pension
obligation bond is you go out and borrow the money and you give that
money to CalPERS. The interest of full disclosure, if you had done that in
June of 2007 when the market was at the upper limit, you buy into CalPERS
at the upper limit, and in two short years you will have a haircut of 30
percent of what you handed to CalPERS. The challenge with the pension
obligation bond is not whether theoretically it is a good idea, but practically
can you tolerate that risk that is there. I will tell any client who wants to do
a pension obligation bond, I will not tell them don't do it because that is out
of my area of expertise. I will tell them don't do it unless you understand
completely the risk you are getting yourself into. Second way to do that is
to borrow from the General Fund. You just borrow from unallocated assets.
You pay that General Fund back. You're earning probably 50, 75 basis
points on the investments. Taking that money, giving it to CalPERS, you
would have a much higher expectation that CalPERS is going to earn more
than what you're currently getting. I would advocate doing that if and only
if you kind of pay that back. You treat it as kind of a loan from one pocket
                                                                           Page 9 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
