                         TRANSCRIPT
SOFA II is within the area that we monitor as part of the Downtown cap.
That issue is at play here as well.

Mayor Holman: Part of SOFA II has a zoning called RT-50 which means 50-
foot height. It speaks to larger development.

Council Member Scharff: I might be willing to exclude SOFA from this or
pending if Staff comes back to us when we have the ordinance before us
with all of the information regarding SOFA. It's not in here, but we can
decide then whether or not we want to put it in, given the information we
get from Staff.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to amend your motion?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I would amend the motion that this would not
currently apply to the SOFA II coordinated area plan and that, when Staff
comes back with an ordinance on a Downtown cap, Staff would include the
information regarding the effects of excluding the SOFA area plan.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, do you accept that?

Council Member Wolbach: I do.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “with the exception of the
South of Forest Area Coordinated Area Plan, Phase Two (SOFAII) and Staff
will return with information pertaining to the impacts of excluding SOFAII
from the Development Cap.”

Council Member Burt: Speaking to the impact of the change. Retaining
reference to other coordinated area plans or specific plans is problematic.
For example, if we went forward with the Fry's, if long-term we said that the
Fry's was going to allow a certain amount of office, according to this we'd
now be predetermining that that would be able to be added on top of the
cap. I don't think we've had that policy discussion. We unanimously
supported the general guidelines of what we're looking at tonight. Within
those guidelines, there are open issues that are legitimate. Things that are
chipping away at what we agreed on, that I am not in support of doing
tonight. I don't want this process to be a chipping away process at what we
already unanimously agreed on a number of weeks ago.

Mayor Holman: I would like for us to vote. Council Member Scharff, would
you consider an amendment to include what you have here for South of
Forest and take out the specific plan reference?


                                                                      Page 56 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
