                             MINUTES
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:06 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
             Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Palo Alto Bicycle Boulevard Program Summary.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Official, reported in 2010 the City
began the process of updating its Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan
(Plan). A Plan was needed to qualify for regional funding sources. The
community wanted a pedestrian component to the Plan. The Plan was a
vision of where facilities should be located; however, those locations could
always be changed. Concept Plan Lines were the first attempt to locate
facilities. A dozen projects were in progress. Staff wanted to address
concerns of the community in developing the Plan. The community wanted
more east-west connections. The City received a grant to consider trail
connections across Matadero Creek; however, the community was not
interested in that project. As a result, Staff created the Matadero Midtown
Project.    There were significant corridor projects along Charleston-
Arastradero Road. The City needed to improve infrastructure in order to
encourage the employees of private partners to ride to work. Google funded
many projects in south Palo Alto. For community outreach, Staff organized
weekend bicycle ride-alongs, staffed a table at the farmer's market in the
spring, launched online GIS interactive mapping tools, and held traditional
meetings. Community interest determined which projects Staff refined and
which projects Staff dropped. The goal of the Bicycle Boulevard Program in
2015 was to present Concept Plan Lines for all 24 projects to the Council for
consideration and approval. Once the Council approved Concept Plan Lines,
Staff would invest many resources in turning them into designs.

Grants were available for shovel-ready projects, meaning the City had to
complete the engagement process and environmental studies and have
plans ready to build. Staff would present a Concept Plan Line for the
Charleston-Arastradero Project in February 2015 to the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) and in March or April to the Council. The
City had secured $9 million in grant funds for the Adobe Creek-Highway 101
Bike Bridge. That would probably be the largest single project over the next
five years. The Churchill Avenue Project would qualify for the Active
Transportation Program; therefore, Staff was investing resources to ensure
that project was ready for the competition.

01/20/2015                                                            216- 330
