                              MINUTES
Shira Shaham stated the Moffatt and Nichol design met the requirement for
harmonious coexistence with wildlife. The HNTB design seemed to be the
better design from the user's perspective; however, the suspension structure
was harmful.

Joann Edwards encouraged the Council to honor the jury process by
selecting the Moffatt and Nichol design. The HNTB design offered grace and
function over a lackluster freeway.

Mike Ferreira, Sierra Club, supported Submission C by the Moffatt and Nichol
team.   He thought Submission A, HNTB should be moved away from
migration corridors.

Shani Kleinhaus, Audubon Society, explained that bird diverters were
developed for use with power lines. She noted that birds would be injured
by the lattice of cables in Submission A, HNTB.

Jim Foley concurred with Staff's and the jury's recommendation of the HNTB
design.

Heidi Trilling felt the jury process was skewed in that the jury's selection was
not final. The jury process was as important as the bridge design.

Gila Dev, Sierra Club, was excited by the prospect of a bicycle bridge.
Submission C, Moffatt and Nichol was the better choice.

Beverly Benson supported the Moffatt and Nichol design.

Kirsten Daehler relayed that she was a mother and science teacher and she
agreed with the selection of the HNTB design. She commended the Council
for using the jury process.

Deidre Crommie, speaking as an individual, stated access to the Baylands
was important. She supported the Moffatt and Nichol design and said the
bridge should not be a destination but should be integrated with the
Baylands.

Penny Ellson, speaking as an individual, thanked both teams for providing
beautiful designs. She expressed concern about the possible danger to birds
posed by bridge designs and asked the Council to make the research
available to the public.

Eileen McLaughlin, Citizens Committee to Complete the Refuge, supported
building a bike bridge.      She expressed concern about the lack of
environmental review in the design process.


03/16/2015                                                              117- 104
