                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I understand the frustration of Council Members
with the PTC at times. I do think it's really inappropriate to bash the PTC
like we just did. I think that makes it very difficult for them to do their job.
I do think that if Council Members do not have faith in the PTC to that
extent, we should remove them and start over again, if that's what you
really want to do. I would not support that. I would totally have support in
the PTC and believe they have a job to do. Yes, I often don't agree with
them, and I often didn't agree with the previous PTC. Every time I've been
on Council—I often don't agree with the UAC, and I'm their liaison. I think
reasonable people can disagree. These are citizens who volunteer for
something. I think we really have to step back a moment and say to
ourselves, "We're going to attack the PTC, because we disagree with what
they think, the majority of them?" We have to allow them to do their job. I
mean, it can't be great for them either if they pass something, they vote on
it, they come to us, and we completely redo it. That's got to be a little
disheartening. To add to it and say that we don't even want to send stuff to
them in their statutory duty. We have a PTC, and our ordinance say the PTC
look at all zoning amendments. This is a Council that has basically said that
we should follow our rules. That would be the number one thing our Council
has said. Here what we're saying is we don't like what the PTC comes up
with and, therefore, we are not going to follow the rules. We are going to
circumvent the rules because we don't want to listen to what they have to
say. That's just wrong. I'm wrapping up. Therefore, I'm obviously not
going to support this. I would hope that we wouldn't be so negative on the
PTC, and we're trying to work cooperatively with them where we can. I
think the notion of having a Study Session soon is a really good one,
because I think we need to clear that air. We need to work together in some
way.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Kniss: No, I'm Council Member DuBois.

Mayor Holman: You are Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) get a dark wig.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think the only appropriate place to send this
regardless of what comments have been made is to Planning and
Transportation. That's their role. We may not all agree with it, and we
obviously don't, but that is the role of an advisory group. If we send it right
to Policy and Services, we might as well just bring it back to the entire group
here and have a conversation. Otherwise, we're getting four of us and their
                                                                       Page 107 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
