                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I just wanted to comment on the
California Avenue things and ask you, first of all, when do we anticipate it
being finished?

Mr. Keene: The report I have from Staff is sometime over the next two
weeks. The final landscaping and some of the furniture and that sort thing
will be done.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to say I saw the Light Emitting Diode
(LED) light there. I think it looks great. Those bollards look fantastic, the
little rock bollards. It's shaping up nicely. The one thing I did notice and I
figure we're going to fix it, but in case we don't and it slips through the
cracks, I've noticed that the newspaper racks are now off in the middle of
the sidewalk because we've extended the sidewalks. They need to be
moved out. It could be something that slips through, so I thought maybe
we could look at that.

Mr. Keene: Yes. Thank you for pointing that out.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I'm going to try to be brief
here, because I'm going to go off the ranch for a minute. Regarding the
State water mandates, discussed here, I have really complicated feelings
about this. Very clearly we're going to need to take these kinds of steps. A
little later this evening we're going to discuss Green Building Code and so
forth. Everybody in this state knows that residential water consumption is a
tiny fraction of the water used in the state. 80 percent of it is agricultural.
That's one or two percent of the State Gross Domestic Product (GDP), and a
lot of that's exported. In The Mercury News this morning, I read that the
state almond crop, of which 70 percent is exported overseas, consumes
more annual water than all private indoor water use such as showers and
cooking and toilets that we're discussing in our Code here. The Governor's
mandates don't really touch this 80 percent. They're not really addressing
much of the problem. We're going to take a chunk out of the 20 percent,
but it's not going to make much difference. It also sends a terrible message.
I'm going to exaggerate a lot here. This is going to be absolutely as
pejorative as possible. Basically it suggests that every drop of water that we
save is essentially a corporate subsidy of somebody growing commercial
cash crops. By itself, the Governor's mandate will be given...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to close in a second here. It's a terrible
policy and it's worse Public Relations (PR).     I assume Sacramento is
anticipating cities are going to scream. We should scream and stomp our
feet. We should push back on this. Until Sacramento takes the next step,

04/20/2015                                                             117- 316
