             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                               June 1, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 9:23 P.M., Filseth, Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Discussion of the City of Palo Alto 2014 Performance Report, National
     Citizen Survey™, and Citizen Centric Report.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor:       Good evening, Madam Mayor and
Members of the Council. Harriet Richardson, City Auditor, here to present
the results of the 2014 Performance Report, the National Citizen Survey and
the Citizen Centric Report. With me is Senior Performance Auditor Houman
Boussina, who will be doing a demonstration of some of the results later in
this presentation. In the audience are the Staff from my office who will be
available to answer questions if necessary. I believe most of the department
directors are in the audience also available to answer questions if necessary.
In addition to the reports that you received in your packet, my staff
prepared several documents in response to requests and questions from
various Council Members. Those are in an at-places memo, and I'll refer to
those attachments throughout the presentation. I'll begin the presentation
by discussing the results of the 2014 Performance Report. This is the 13th
annual Performance Report. This year it was a collaborative effort with the
City Manager's Office to streamline the report as requested by Council. It
continues to provide spending, staffing workload and performance
information.    The new simplified format that we developed has three
chapters. The first chapter is background. Then there is a chapter on
themes and subthemes. The last chapter is the department data tables.
This year we expanded those data tables. In the past, they included six
years of data, the current year plus five previous years. This year we have
included ten full years of data wherever that data was available. Our
simplified format reduced the size of the report from 130 pages to 57 pages


                                                                     Page 1 of 103
