                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait:   I believe that we would want to do something that would
encourage that kind of pedestrian experience that we're seeking to achieve
with the ordinance. I guess it's a philosophical question or a policy question
for the Council. We could impose that on us by regulation, so that when
development of the PF zone was sought, we would look at the zoning and we
would apply that. Or since we would have control over what gets built there,
we know what we're trying to achieve. We could look at a development on a
case-by-case basis and say either retail is taking off or it's not taking off or
here's how this project can be used to improve that, but here's some
components of the project that maybe don't meet that standard. It just
gives the City a little more flexibility for something that's unknown at this
point.

Mayor Holman:        I do understand that, but I think there's a level of
predictability for the public that comes into play here. I was around and
commenting when the Bryant Street parking garage, for instance, was being
proposed. I thought that was a great opportunity to provide at least some
kiosk space around the perimeter of the ground level there. Didn't happen
because there was no requirement on the City to do that. The thinking
wasn't there. Not to say that I was right; I don't mean to imply that.
Thinkings change, times change. If the City Council in the future wanted to
change so that they could exempt themselves, then fine. If we're doing a
comprehensive look at this, I think we ought to do it in a comprehensive
fashion, so including those. On packet Page 78, Section 6 of the ordinance
and the large paragraph that's under Section 6, about halfway down the
sentence starts or the line starts improvement or any increase in the
existing degree of noncompliance except through the granting of a Design
Enhancement Exception. The difficulty I have with that is because, at least
in the past, Design Enhancement Exceptions have really been—my word
here—abused, and so there can be quite extensive exceptions. I have some
concern about that. One other quick thing here is on packet Page 79.
Sorry about that, 76, 57.6 formula retail businesses mean a retail, personal
or eating and drinking service which along with ten or more other business
locations. I thought we were looking at a definition of ten. Are we looking
at a definition of 11 as being formula? The Staff Report talks about ten; this
really indicates 11. Just so that we're eliminating confusion here.

Mr. Lait: I'm looking at Section 2 of the ordinance, 57.6.

Mayor Holman: Yes, sir.

Mr. Lait: Formula retail business along with ten or more other businesses.
If you have ten, you're considered formula retail.


                                                                         Page 52 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
