                          TRANSCRIPT
suggestion. I think we need to understand those costs a little deeper. Kind
of the last question of what should we do to set up for success. I don't think
this is for the faint of heart. I believe we need to have a real champion
that's willing to drive this and really build their career on it. I don't really
see that right now, and it's troubling. I think we might want to talk about if
this is something we think is worth doing and what's the best way we should
organize to be successful. Given how busy our current Staff are, would it
make sense to hire somebody whose focus is creating this new kind of
utility? I think we should maintain the Fiber Fund until we make a decision.
If I can just have a minute. We haven't really talked about wireless at all.
We're being asked four things on wireless. I'm kind of on maybe on
Scenario 1, which is Wi-Fi to the parks. I'd like to see more details on that.
I agree on kind of the point-to-point and the secure broadband for Safety
providers. I think that should come out of our Police communication budget.
I agree that we should not do Option 2 at this time. When it comes time to
make motions, I'd (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: It is time to make motions. If you'd care to go ahead and
do that, it would help move us along.

Council Member DuBois: How about if I send it to David while the next
person speaks, if that's okay?

Mayor Holman: We have Council Member Scharff and Council Member
Kniss, and then we'll come back to you seeing no other lights.

Council Member Scharff:     I was going to move the Staff recommendation
with some tweaks to it.

Council Member Kniss: I was going to second it ...

Council Member Scharff: That's why I had my light on.

Council Member Kniss: ... since I was going to make it.

Council Member Scharff: It doesn't quite work this way.

Mayor Holman: Do you have other comments?

Council Member Scharff: No. That's what I was going to do.


                                                                         Page 44 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
