                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'd be happy to find that out for you. It is a good observation
that many of these projects involve a relatively small amount of net new
square footage.

Council Member Kniss: Which you put in pretty clearly. I don't know what
the net is for all of them, but I can see that that number listed does add up
to around 90,000.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. These numbers in the table are all the net new square
footage.

Mayor Holman: Let me be clear, you can ask questions on anything right
now. When we go to comments, we will do comments and motions on the
items individually to have some kind of order to this.  Questions on
anything.

Council Member Wolbach:      Procedurally, I'd prefer if we did motions
following a round of comments as well. It'd be useful before we get to ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, do you have questions currently?

Council Member Wolbach: Procedurally, it would be useful for the discussion
following questions if we had an opportunity to hear where colleagues are at
before we move to motions.

Vice Mayor Schmid:          Just a boundary question.            The San
Antonio/Charleston/Fabian/East Meadow Square area was carved out as an
area plan and reached conclusion. Is that correct? What kind of growth was
approved under that area plan for that area?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. I think you're referring
to the East Meadow Circle concept plan that was developed some time ago
and reviewed by the Council and endorsed to some extent, but not actually
adopted into the Comprehensive Plan yet. My understanding is that that did
not dramatically change underlying zoning and uses in the area. It would
continue to build out as anticipated under current zoning. I can confirm that
with Staff.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You don't have a sense of what kind of square footage
might be included in the build-out.

Ms. Gitelman: No, I do not have growth projections specific to that area.

Vice Mayor Schmid: One of the implications you bring up is if we focus on
these three areas, the growth might shift elsewhere. I'm just wondering
what kind of potential ...
                                                                      Page 41 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
