                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: We have none until we get to Consent Calendar.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Members of the
Council. A number of items to report partly because this will be your last
meeting before the Council recess. This has to do with Caltrain rail safety
update. This evening's Consent Calendar Item Number 16 is a contract
extension for our Track Watch Program. I did want to point out some
parallel actions related to Caltrain safety that we have been working on.
Some of this work will continue to unfold while the Council is on recess. As
you know, we've been taking a comprehensive approach to address Caltrain
Corridor safety in our community that involves both means restriction, which
is limiting access to the tracks, and restructuring Project Safety Net, the
community collaborative that was formed in 2009 to focus on suicide
prevention and youth well-being. We are actively seeking to limit access to
the tracks on an accelerated schedule. I'm pleased to report some positive
progress with Caltrain in several ongoing efforts. First of all, related to fence
upgrades. Caltrain has indicated that it can proceed with upgrading old,
substandard and missing fencing along the east side of the Caltrain Corridor
and install 8-foot welded wire mesh fencing with an additional 18 inch anti-
climb winglet on the east side of the road. That will be the 2-mile stretch up
Corridor extending from Oregon Expressway to San Francisquito Creek to
the north, where there is substandard fencing now and some gaps. Caltrain
will handle the installation, and the City will be picking up the incremental
cost for the winglet extensions making for a higher and more difficult to
climb fence and vegetation removal needed for the installation work. We're
currently getting the details on a three-cable winglet on the top. Installation
along the entire east side of the Corridor includes the southern section of the
Caltrain Corridor from Oregon Expressway down to San Antonio which
already has the 8-foot fencing, but we're going to put these extension on the
top. All of those will cost approximately $100,000, and vegetation removal
is estimated to be $168,000. Secondly, on the west side of the Corridor
since our last walk through with City Staff, Caltrain is currently laying out
priority locations for fence installation particularly focusing on areas that
don't currently have residential fences. We expect to discuss options with
Caltrain in the next few weeks.         The timing and sequencing of any
vegetation removal work and installation of fencing is very important both to
minimize gaps and to complete as much of the work as possible before the
middle of August. In order to initiate this work and complete as much as
possible this summer, we'll begin community outreach while the Council is
out of session. I want to stress that we understand the importance of
                                                                            Page 3 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/29/15
