                             MINUTES
2) ease the regulations and requirements for adding second units.

Council Member Scharff clarified that the Motion was to retain the Floor Area
Ratio (FAR) limitation but eliminate the number of unit requirement to allow
micro units.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised the Council rarely offered oral
Colleague's Memo. The Council had offered three oral Colleague's Memos
regarding complex items that had Staff impacts. A Colleague's Memo
allowed Staff to determine the impact. She encouraged the Council to follow
standard practice in writing Colleague's Memoranda so that Staff could add a
Staff impact section.

Council Member Scharff supported the Motion.

Mayor Holman stated the City Attorney requested a written Colleague's
Memo.

Council Member Scharff indicated the City Attorney could request a written
Colleague's Memo; however, Council rules allowed oral Colleague's Memos.

Council Member Filseth attended meetings of the Downtown Merchants
Association which was concerned about the rise of panhandling in
Downtown. The Downtown Merchants Association was drafting a memo to
the Council.

Council Member Kniss was troubled by the casual raising of issues. A
Colleague's Memo provided an opportunity for the community to be aware of
upcoming issues.

Mayor Holman attended the Sustainability Summit in Washington, D.C.
where she made two presentations and chaired two committees. She and
Council Member Kniss attended the National League of Cities Congressional
Conference in Washington, D.C. She would provide a full report of both
events the following week.

The Council went into the Closed Session at 11:41 P.M.

11.   CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY-Potential Initiation of Litigation
      (1 Matter)
      Santa Clara Valley Water District funding of State Water Project
      obligation through property tax levy.
      Govt. Code Section 54956.9(d)(4)

The Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 12:35 A.M.


03/23/2015                                                            117- 153
