                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “Staff will address tension between customer service and public
service.”
Mayor Holman: This one is a bit of a nit, but it's really kind of not. It is in
"E" or C-5. We're talking about health and well being. It's words that were
there before, but we aren't really providing social services "particularly for."
We're providing social services "inclusive of." While it does maybe seem like
a wordsmith, I think what is here is more limiting. "Inclusive of children,
youth, seniors and unhoused" is more intentional than "particularly for"
which is more limiting. Instead of "particularly for," it's "inclusive of."
Eliminate "particularly for" and add "inclusive of."

Council Member DuBois: Sure.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth? Okay, all right.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part E, “particularly for”
with “inclusive of.”
Mayor Holman: I have one question for Staff. We've talked about parks,
community services. Would the Comprehensive Plan be an appropriate
place to have reference to maintaining current and relevant impact fees?
The reason I bring it up is because we are not good about keeping our
impact fee, rates if you will, current. Especially in a community like ours, I
think it's important. Is the Comprehensive Plan some place where we could
or should put a reference to that?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Mayor Holman. I think we could
have a policy to say maintain updated fees, but we couldn't get more explicit
than that.     It's not a regulatory or—I mean a general plan or a
comprehensive plan isn't the place to actually set fees or adopt regulations.

Mayor Holman: I understand that. It's just a matter of keeping them
updated. That's what I'm talking about.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah, yeah. We have an interest in—our policy is to review
and periodically update the fees as needed. Of course, yeah. That could be
a policy.

Mayor Holman: You think that should be at the policy level as opposed to
the goal level then?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. I think that would be a policy.
                                                                         Page 86 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
