                          TRANSCRIPT
arrangement is through the year 2019. That's still a few years away. The
draft scope of work that would be funded by the grant envisions a
community planning process to develop a coordinated area plan. As we've
discussed with the Council previously, coordinated area plan is the City of
Palo Alto's terminology for what is called in State law a specific plan and in
other communities called a precise plan. The draft scope of work envisions
an 18-month process, barring unforeseen circumstances, and five principle
tasks.     To initiate the process, we would issue an RFP for planning
consultants to take the lead in this process with Staff direction. There's a lot
of community engagement envisioned as part of this process including
establishment of a citizens working group which is called for in the section of
our Municipal Code about coordinated area plans. In addition, we would of
course require and only be successful with significant property owner
participation. This evening we're asking for your review of the draft scope of
work and adoption of the proposed resolution that we would forward to MTC
if you choose to move forward with the grant and the planning effort.
Should you wish to proceed, we would issue a Request for Proposals to
planning consultants and start work this fall. My understanding is that we
would have to obligate the funds by January 2017, essentially 18 months for
this project. Should you wish not to proceed this evening, we would have to
tell the funders no thanks, and we'd ultimately have to support this planning
effort with General Fund dollars and/or with participation from the property
owner. Happy to answer any questions. We'd be delighted to get public
comments as well as comments and questions from the Council.

Robert Moss: [no audio]

Herb Borock: I don't believe that you should adopt this recommendation.
This 15-acre site is part of a larger California concept area of 115 acres
which you previously included as part of the Comprehensive Plan adoption.
That hasn't happened yet. The Staff Report indicates the limited resources
of the Planning Department. The main thing it should focus on is finishing
the Comprehensive Plan, which next year will be the tenth anniversary of its
start, prior to the time of our current City Manager.       Sometimes it's
mentioned as a comparison with the South of Forest area plan, but it's quite
different. SOFA is a subarea of University Avenue/Downtown, but we
weren't doing an entire concept plan for University Avenue/Downtown. We
were just doing the South of Forest Avenue area. The impetus for SOFA was
the fact that the Palo Alto Medical Foundation was relocating to El Camino
Real. Fry's is not relocating. You have draft language in a plan that hasn't
been adopted that says in case it does relocate, we should do something.
The last Comprehensive Plan that was adopted in 1998 was adopted before
the SOFA working group brought its recommendations to the Council in
1999. It was a more efficient Comprehensive Plan adoption process. In
                                                                          Page 64 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
