                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, before we move on to the rates, if the Council
would indulge me in thanking the Staff for their work along with the
Committee. Walter Rossmann is the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget. His team, who is here this evening, Christine Paras, Eric
Bilimoria, Michael Bruckner, Paul Harper and Sean O'Shea, did work
countless, countless hours during evenings and weekends to put this budget
together. Thanks to Chief Financial Officer Lalo Perez and Joe Saccio and
Teren Narian in ASD along with Monica Williams and Julia Pollard. Lastly I
see some of them leaving, but all of the department heads and their Staff.

15.   PUBLIC HEARING AND PROPOSITION 218 HEARING: Resolution 9528
      Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending
      Rate Schedules W-1 (General Residential Water Service), W-2 (Water
      Service from Fire Hydrants), W-3 (Fire Service Connections), W-4
      (Residential Master-Metered and General Non-Residential Water
      Service), and W-7 (Non-Residential Irrigation Water Service) to
      Increase Average Water Rates by 8 Percent (Continued From June 8,
      2015).”

Mayor Holman: We will turn to the public hearing portion of this item. The
Council conducted its first public hearing on water rate changes on June 8.
Tonight we will conduct our second and final hearing on the water rates.
This portion of the hearing is governed by Prop 218. Before we begin the
hearing, City Attorney will provide some background information.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: You're probably done hearing from me on Prop
218. Water rates are indeed a property-related rate, so the procedural
requirements of Prop 218 apply. There will be a majority protest hearing
that will be concluded tonight before the water rates are adopted. Back to
you, Madam Mayor.

Mayor Holman: Before we begin this hearing, the process for this hearing is
as follows.     All residents and other interested persons will have an
opportunity to provide testimony this evening on the water rates. To be
valid, protests to the proposed rate increases must be in writing, signed and
submitted to the City Clerk before the close of this hearing. The protest
must also identify the parcel and the rate being protested. The City Clerk
will accept written protests until the public hearing on this matter is closed.
Protestors can submit comments at this meeting. At the conclusion of this
public hearing, the City Clerk will count the number of written protests
against the proposed rate increases, and the Council will determine whether
a majority protest exists for each rate. If a majority of customers and
property owners have not submitted protests by the close of the public


                                                                        Page 28 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
