                         TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 10:33 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

17.   PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and a
      Site & Design Review and Design Enhancement Exception Application
      for a Three Story Mixed-Use Building on a 27,000 Square Foot Site
      Zoned Service Commercial (CS) At 441 Page Mill Road. The Project
      Has Been Revised to Contain 19,093 Square Feet of Commercial
      Space, 91 Off-Street Parking Spaces, and 16 Apartment Units,
      Including Five Below Market Rate Units, and Includes a Request for
      Three “Off Menu” Concessions Under Palo Alto Municipal Code Section
      18.15 and the State Density Bonus Law and Based on a Revised
      Economic Analysis Environmental Assessment: A Mitigated Negative
      Declaration was Prepared.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Council
Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I'm joined by Russ Reich
of our Staff and Reed Kawahara of Kaiser Marston Associates, our consultant
on this project. If you recall from our review of this project back in January,
we have an unusual situation here. Not a situation any of us would like to
be in. There is a State mandate related to density bonuses for below market
rate housing. That State mandate includes a provision that requires local
agencies to approve concessions under certain circumstances.             Those
circumstances exist with this project. We have articulated in the Staff
Report the precise findings that would have to be made in order to deny the
concessions or the project. We also wanted to acknowledge that the Council
Members had a far-ranging discussion on this item the first time it came.
There have been some project changes which Russ is going to describe.
There are also changes in methodology and investigation requested, which
all of us, Reed included, will help describe. This evening you'll hear a quick
Staff presentation, a quick presentation from Reed. Then we'll hear from the
applicant, public comment, followed by Council Member questions,
comments. We hope we'll get your action this evening.

Russ Reich, Senior Planner: Good evening. Thank you, Mayor Holman and
Council Members. The project before you this evening is for a new three-
story, 35-foot tall mixed-use building. The building would contain 35,249
square feet. It would have retail, office and residential uses in the project.
There would be a total of 16 residential units, five of which would be below
market rate units.      The project includes three State density bonus
concessions for lot coverage, commercial FAR and total FAR. The project

                                                                       Page 108 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
