                          TRANSCRIPT
form the basis for the ABAG allocation supplies and funding source for it.
For High Speed Rail, they could provide more of the funding source. This
disparity of tax-based income could be balanced a little bit through the
property tax reform. You could talk about High Speed Rail. You could talk
about the MTC-ABAG issue. You could talk about housing. More of that
funding could be locally based, going to these issues which are so critical. I
see a lot of the reform basis of government and the levels could be tied to
what happens to the property tax.

Senator Hill: That may be why the Governor is not so excited about it.
You're right. We did have an opportunity this year to look at that carefully.
It's true. Today, 72 percent of property taxes are from commercial side and
28 are from residential. When Prop 13 passed in '78, it was about 50/50.
That's a big difference and quite a disparity that we're seeing.            The
unfortunate part is that without the—I doubt it would get the two-thirds vote
to start with in the Legislature. That's really, I think, the reason we're
seeing so many initiatives coming our way next year, because it's been
difficult to get a two-thirds vote for anything in the last couple of years in
the Legislature. A couple of reasons for that. One, the Legislature is
becoming a more moderate body, so some of these actions. I think there's
a stronger business influence that we're seeing in the Legislature. Those
interests who would be paying the price of this are very strong. That's a real
challenge. On top of that, the Governor has a lot of cachet still and could
move something if he were so inclined. With his negative reaction to this,
it'll be very difficult to see some. I keep thinking that there's an opportunity
to at least change the—Tom Ammiano, we didn't always agree on things.
When he was an Assembly Member from San Francisco, the issue of taking
the corporate ownership of property when a corporation changes hands, the
stock ownership changes, that owns property, it's not reassessed today.
That goes on for years and decades without any reassessment. That would
be an easy—I don't think that was intended, from what I understand, from
when Prop 13 was approved. I think there are ways around it, but we're not
going to have success there.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Thank you, Senator Hill, for joining
us. I wanted to actually go back to one of the earlier topics that I didn't pipe
up quickly enough to ask a question about, which is a combination of High
Speed Rail, Caltrain electrification and modernization, and grade
separations. Caltrain modification and electrification is receiving—I can't
remember if it's $800 million or $1 billion from the High Speed Rail bonds.

Senator Hill: I think it's 600 to 700 million.

                                                                             Page 14 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
