                          TRANSCRIPT
source of the noise and it's 90 dB. The regulation is much less. He said to
me, "That's very interesting," like that and said that I had called the police
once before. He was very nice. He was a well-dressed guy, but why is he
reminding me that I once called the police several years before? It's
puzzling to me. Any rate, I have a solution to what I consider a problem.
First off, loud noises, I know that the food reviewer said the biggest problem
in restaurants is noise, in the Palo Alto Weekly. The Palo Alto Weekly tells
me you've set a group. The airplanes overhead are about 75 dB; many of
them are in the 60s; some of them are in the 50s. This is 90 across the
street. You could set up one of these, like they have the speed limit signs
that tell you "speed limit 25, your speed 36, 36, 36, 36," you could have a
sign like that in Lytton Plaza, maybe at the edge of the sidewalk saying legal
limit 70 dB, your sound level whatever, 90, 105, if you're that close. That's
my suggestion. If you address noise issues, don't forget enforcing the
legislation we have. Thank you.

Rita Vhrel: Hello, Council Members and Mayor Holman. I'm here again
about dewatering. I've sent out several emails to the Council Members that
I'm hoping to get a response about members of our group meeting with you.
We are now in four years of drought. We also now have three new projects
that are entering into the initial dewatering stage. Two are on Garland
Avenue and one is going in directly behind the previous dewatering site at
2231 Webster.         I find this interesting as the 2008 Planning and
Transportation Staff Report indicated that dewatering could only take place
between April and October. Now we have three new projects going in with a
month of dewatering legally allowed. We will be monitoring to see that
dewatering does not occur at night. Also in the 2008 report, it indicated that
the groundwater levels would return to normal fairly quickly after dewatering
was completed. It goes on to state that this in part was going to be due to
normal rainfall and residential irrigation. We are now under residential
irrigation restrictions and our rainfall has been severely limited. Our group
is requesting an immediate moratorium on new permits for dewatering
which should not have a significant impact on residential basement
construction, since it cannot legally occur after October and until April. Also,
we would like the issue of dewatering reopened and reinvestigated. Again,
there is a huge project at 1201 Newell, directly across the street from the
Main Library, that you can go and visit if you like. Thank you very much.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: Council Members? Motion by Council Member Scharff,
second by Council Member Wolbach to approve the Consent Calendar.

                                                                          Page 8 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
