                          TRANSCRIPT
saying, we would get rid of Number 14 and those bubbles and just put that
list right under 13.

Ms. Egan: At the definition of what that question (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: I guess it's hard. You, for good reason, left out
Pages 5-7 of this. That means that I'm missing the—I just don't remember
what the definition was for Staff leadership and management.

Ms. Figone: To save a few trees. I know Palo Alto is a Tree City.

Council Member Berman: You can't argue with that.

Ms. Figone: We wanted to help you out.

Ms. Egan: We get the same outcome if we did that. They're just easier for
you to complete the survey, quicker.

Chair Burt: Marc, you're still—I think I agree that it would be helpful if there
was a more clear distinction between what 16 means and what 13/14, even
though 13 is defined under the indicators of 14.

Ms. Figone: Sixteen would have the same. We just cut it off to save some
paper.

Council Member Berman: We just need to make sure that there are certain
real distinction. I don't remember what 17 would be.

Chair Burt: Even though the indicators explain it, I'd take another look at
whether there's some way to make the title of the section more
distinguishing between those two.

Ms. Egan: Some Councils find it hard, because you don't interact with your
employee and see them interacting with their Staff. You're really guessing
on some of those. (crosstalk)

Council Member Kniss: There's one other area that I have always found
interesting. When I first went to the County, included in a contract that
labor had was they would not have performance evaluations. They wouldn't
have them, because they indicated that their boss could not give a
performance evaluation that was fair. It continued on like that for almost 20
years. I remember thinking ...

Chair Burt: They want automatic raises or what?



                                                                                     Page 14 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
