                          TRANSCRIPT
you have some German backgrounds in your Council too. My mother origins
also from Romania. I'm a really European boy, so to say. When I look
further in my background, especially this day, I can't forget about one of my
great-grandfathers who was a captain on one of the last sailing vessels that
sailed from Batavia, Jakarta, to (inaudible) in the neighborhood of
Amsterdam. He was the fastest sailor ever. When it comes to being an
entrepreneur and doing trade and going over the globe, I remember his DNA
and I feel it today, because with Enschede we are still part of this great
Dutch tradition of moving over the globe and start new things also today.
That's a very valuable tradition. We should keep that in honor, both our
cities together. As a Mayor, of course I would say, but it's not self-evident, I
try to foster a city where you can find justice and a city that is safe and
healthy, a city that is good for our children, sustainable, and a city that is
open because we can't believe in the success of closed societies and closed
municipalities. As persons we have to live together, also as public bodies. I
believe also very much in cities that try to innovate and to catch the future
today and not tomorrow, and that are willing to being pioneers, and dare to
fail. Dare to fail is something I find very difficult in politics. I don't know
how it functions here, but in the Netherlands we have too much culture
where it's not allowed to fail in politics. If you have budgets that are
violated too much, then you have a big problem. That makes us very
anxious and conservative. Maybe you can inspire us a bit by your courage
and that indeed it is necessary to fail now and then in order to learn. I think
both our cities are similar in being part of a tradition of trying to innovate
and pioneer. I would like to merge our cities because we have a lot of what
you don't have and the opposite is also true. Then we would live not in
Silicon Valley, but we would live in Silicon Twelley, the combination of
Twente and Valley. I think we should keep that in mind that, although we
don't live very near to each other in distance, we could work together in the
future, creating something as a real Silicon Twelley together where we see
the good things of our both cities combined. We really like as our city when
it comes to the future, the use and the entrepreneurial side our university.
We're very proud of it. I'm enormously glad we have that. It was not easy
to get it. We have it since 1961. I really believe it's key to the success of
our city. Our university attracts youngsters all over the globe each year,
and 36 percent of them come from abroad, all over the planet. We have
12,000 new students this year, which is quite a lot. We've got hundreds of
start-ups, nearly 2,000, in the years creating 3,000 new jobs, so that really
you can compare a bit, although modestly, to the success of Silicon Valley.
We try to be inspired and to copy a bit and to learn from your experience.
Our students are our great ambassadors. They are the seeds of the
dandelions. If you know as a child you blew and there they go, all seeds all
over the world. They blossom, and then the wind blows them in all
directions where they grow further. One dandelion is the solar team,
                                                                          Page 2 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
