                          TRANSCRIPT
We have to have hard data. We have to have a way of verifying it. We
have to have a way of enforcing omissions. I'm not going to try to stand up
right now and tell you what the precise mechanism should be, but I just
think these are the sort of things you should be asking the Staff to come
back with specifically. Then you can argue about the details. We don't think
this is good enough. We think that's wonderful. We need more data, and
we need more valid data, and we need to get all the businesses cooperating.

Mayor Holman: We have no other speakers on that item. Council Members,
questions and comments. Why don't we do this? We've allocated an hour
for this, so why don't we—sorry, an hour and a half for this. Why don't we
do this? Why don't we start with five minutes for questions and comments?

Council Member Filseth: I had a question here. First of all, I want to thank
the Staff very much for doing this and for this report. I think this is
important stuff. Thank you very much for the update and the analysis. I
think it's moving along. I actually had a question. On the list of—I think it's
on page 4. You have a list of concerns, right. Why people might not want
to sign up for this. I thought most of that was sort of in a perfect world we
wouldn't have to do any of this, but we kind of got to. There was one that
jumped out at me which was the concern about confidential information. I
wanted to ask the question, I mean, it shouldn't be possible for Flipboard's
competitors to go to a website somewhere and see how many employees
Flipboard has.     Is that stuff secure or aggregated or unavailable or
something like to the public?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Thank you, Council Member Filseth. As part of the
administrative regulations for the Business Registry, we specifically call out
data management and sort of spell out how we will deal with confidential
information. Certainly information like payment information, FEIN, things of
that nature are not going to be disclosed. When it comes to number of
employees, we are disclosing that information in a range. It's 0-25, 26-100,
101-500, 501-1,000, etc. That was done in response to concerns we heard
during the development of the program, that that was a key piece of data
that was very concerning to some companies.

Council Member Filseth: The only other thing I would say then is on the
enforcement. I think it's great that two-thirds are signed up already. I think
it's really important that we get the other third. I mean, this is important
stuff. As to exactly how to do it, personally I have confidence in the Staff to
do this. Other cities have been successful at this. I don't really want to get
into Staff's shorts on exactly how to do it, but I think it's important that we
do it. Thanks.


                                                                        Page 14 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
