                         TRANSCRIPT
that to these times too. It can be inspirational It can be entertaining. It
can provide gathering places. It can be seasonal and temporary. I think it
can also change—my feeling is, and we haven't gotten very far with this yet,
I think it can also change something. There's the—I won't go there. We
have the Caltrain tracks that have a number of different, not all positive,
associational stories to them these days. I've been thinking about and
talking with City Manager and some other folks about, like, what can we do
at the tracks that will change that story, that will provide a place of
inspiration and a positive message and not just here are the tracks, that
they loom in our conscious and our awareness, and what happened here
last. Let's try to change that story. There's more than one way to address
these things. Going back to functional for a moment here. There's a wall
along California Avenue at Molly Stone's that is just a blank, dead wall. It's
true also on the other side of the street at—I've forgotten what the name of
that development is. They're blank walls that, as you come from the train
station at California Avenue up the street, are such great opportunities.
While we can't use public funds to advertise, we can do something that's
graphical and maybe helps support the activities there. Those are great
opportunities. The Magical Bridge Playground has been looking to get a tree
over one of their play areas. It's become infeasible, economically and
physically, to plant a tree. I've been talking to them about maybe thinking
about an artificial tree that's an art object that provides some shade.
They're really looking for some shade. Maybe that's an opportunity too.
Maybe it could be a public-private partnership or something of that nature.
Peter Kageyami was here earlier in the year. He talks about surprise and
delight. I really like that. Jim Keene will remember how there's one town—I
can't remember where it was—that has, like, mice tucked around here and
there around town.

James Keene, City Manager: Greenville, South Carolina.

Mayor Holman: You have a memory like I wish I had. Exactly. Palo Alto
could do something—I don't want to copy that. There are opportunities of
things that we could do. It could be miniature trees put around at places of
historical interest. I'm a big fan of Perry the donkey. It could be miniature
donkeys. Anyway, just kind of things like that. There are things that we
can do to create neighborhood and do the surprise and delight too. I really
love the little neighborhood libraries. I love things like that. They get
response. I have a couple of friends that have them in front of their houses.
The books in those turn over pretty darn regularly. It's just amazing. That
kind of facility. Should we be looking at some kind of seasonal art. We have
all kinds of different holidays.     Can we do something to support the
community in putting up seasonal art. Somebody mentioned Cubberley and
arts district, I think. I've been wanting to create an arts district here for
                                                                       Page 11 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
