                          TRANSCRIPT
problem and what they've had to do with it. We may look back on this in
ten years and say it was actually pretty cheap.

Mr. Bobel: If I could just chime in. I forgot one, and that is use of local
captured rainwater, is sort of a ninth thing that I should have added to my
list. Some of these local companies are starting to offer services. One of
whom is suggesting the use of storage facilities onsite, and all of their
examples come from Australia, where Karin has deep roots.              They're
suggesting that one have a storage facility onsite, and then you use multiple
types of water in that storage facility as needed to do your outside irrigation
and not just limit it to one, but have all the types of non-potable water that
we've been discussing available for placing in those tanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, you previously had your light on.

Council Member Berman: No, I'm good now.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Your comments have been very helpful in painting a
broader picture. The questions of my colleagues, I think, are right on. I
guess I'm stuck on an earlier question of the first thing we're doing is
certifying the EIR, but the EIR says clearly that we've identified a number of
significant environmental impacts and we will mitigate them. Yet, the
mitigations are the things you said aren't working. You said that the
reinforcing of the protections of the sewer lines and so on were effective for
a while, but have not been over the last couple of years. As a matter of
fact, the drought has brought us back to where we were, close to where we
were. That seems to be saying different than what we're approving in the
EIR.

Mr. Bobel: Maybe I misspoke. The three mitigation measures that we're
listing in the EIR are ones that we'd use if source control isn't successful.
We're now seeing more and more indications that source control isn't going
to get us all the way there. We listed these three additional mitigations in
the EIR. One is use of our existing ordinance to exempt salt-sensitive
species, so that we're not forcing anybody to put this stuff on redwood trees
or other salt-sensitive species. That's one. The second is blending the
water with potable water. Not the world's greatest solution, because then
you're still using, say, 50 percent of potable water. The third and the one
that we're now initiating a new feasibility study on is treatment of the water
with reverse osmosis or some equivalent process to actually reduce the
salinity, probably blend it back with our other recycled water. Those are the


                                                                       Page 121 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
