                          TRASNCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: I need Council Members' attention for this too, because
we're going to do something a little bit unusual. Not so unusual that we're
going to transpose Items Number 14 and 15. The reason for that is because
we'll have ballots to count. Because there are so many applicants, again, we
are blessed to have that many ballots. It's going to be a bit of time and
labor for the Clerks to be able to calculate all those ballots. If we left that to
the last item, we would just be sitting here waiting for them to count. What
we're going to do this evening, I would appreciate a motion to transpose
those two items or to switch Item 14 and 15. The other thing that we're
going to be doing is that we are going to be holding both of those items
open at the same time. City Attorney has suggested and agreed that we can
do that. The reason is because the two items are so closely interfaced, and
also because the City Clerk will be interjecting when they have a ballot to
report. This will take probably a few ballots to get down to five finalists.

Council Member DuBois: Just to clarify. Item 15 also included a discussion
about schedule. It wasn't just voting.

Mayor Holman: Yes, everything that's a part of Item 15 ...

Council Member DuBois: Will happen?

Mayor Holman: Will happen, yes. Would you like to make the motion to ...

Council Member Scharff: I'll move it.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: We have a motion and a second to transpose Items Number
14 and 15. I would say also that the Planning Staff did contact all of the
applicants, so that they would know that we were doing this so they could be
here should they want to arrive earlier.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to move Agenda Item Number 15- Appointment of Five Additional
Members… forward to be heard concurrently with Agenda Item Number 14-
Comprehensive Plan Update: Comprehensive Plan Structure and
Goals/Vision Statements for Each Element…

Council Member Berman: This seems like a good time, especially while
they're counting the ballots. I might have missed this in the Staff Report.
What's our process going to be on the voting? Is it just top five or is there a
threshold they have to hit?

                                                                          Page 37 of 127
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/31/15
