                          TRANSCRIPT
an adjoined, shared bathroom. We also have one extra bedroom for spare.
Also, I wanted to mention that before we moved in to this neighbor, we
looked at 79 houses. 2707 Greer was our 80th house that we looked out.
Because we loved the architecture, we loved the neighborhood, and it was
very important that we retain the look of the Eichler houses when we
decided to renovate. This is why we spent a lot of time designing the house
that we live in now. We're very much in support of keeping the character of
the neighborhood with the single-story overlay. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. At this time, David Hammond as
applicant, you'll have three minutes, should you choose to use them. One
question I would suggest that you respond to is whether—I've forgotten if it
was Greer or Amarillo has C&CRs to your knowledge.

Mr. Hammond: I remember the question. The CC&R applies to the entire
original Greer tract, Greer Park tract. It goes from the school all the way to
the park. The answer is yes. The original CC&R goes with the Greer Park
tract.

Mayor Holman: While you're looking for that, perhaps there's something
else, comment you'd like to make. You found it?

Mr. Hammond: Yes. The original Greer Park tract is Van Auken Circle and
all the houses on Amarillo on that side and so forth. It's outlined in red plus
it's outlined in black. It goes from the park all the way to the school. That's
what the CC&R was applied to. You have that from my original ... All I want
to say is that the percentages that were quoted before, why this circle and
Amarillo have totally different participation yes, that's not true. It's 70
percent on Amarillo right now. That means that there's three homes on
Amarillo that said no, and seven that said yes. I think we have to protect
the seven that said yes. Then 70 percent in the circle. As far as Greer goes,
I think there were four or five no and eight or nine yes. Again, it's to protect
those that are yes. Again, a one-story addition on a very small lot, if you
have a good architect, can solve all sorts of problems. I think that Mr. Lui
has already stated that. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 12:08 A.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. I'll bring this back, unless Staff has
something to add. We'll bring this back to Council. Why don't we do the
three minutes questions, comments, motions. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not ready to make a motion yet, but I just
wanted to acknowledge that—first, thank you to everybody who came. We
heard a lot of really interesting, I think, very helpful comments and a range
                                                                           Page 123 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
