                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if businesses that historically used basement
space for retail storage had paid into the Downtown Parking Assessment
District based on the basement square footage.

Ms. Gitelman indicated the businesses paid into the Downtown Parking
Assessment District based on the use of the basement when the Assessment
District was established. If the basement was used for storage, the business
was not assessed for it.

Council Member Burt questioned whether a business was assessed for the
basement storage space when it converted to office.

Ms. Gitelman explained that records often did not clearly indicate where the
assessed square footage was located in the building. If sufficient footage
was assessed, Staff assumed a bit of the square footage was located in the
basement.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council could require a legally
nonconforming office use to revert to retail upon a change in tenancy.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, wanted to review that and determine whether
there was a State law component that might limit the Council's ability to do
that. If the Council was interested in that, it could direct Staff to do so to
the extent allowed by law.

Council Member Filseth asked if legal restrictions governed when an
ordinance could be applied to a project.

Ms. Stump answered yes. Land use law stated that rights to develop vested
or became an ownership of the applicant only upon final approval, pulling a
building permit and breaking ground. The Council's longtime tradition had
been to allow pipeline projects to proceed under existing rules even though
that was not legally required. In the previous two years, the Council had
required pipeline projects conform to new requirements.

Council Member Scharff asked if a demolished building which had both retail
and other uses had to be replaced with all retail. If there was a requirement
for ground-floor retail, then the amount of ground-floor retail prior to
demolition seemed to be irrelevant. He was confused as to how that
worked.

Ms. French advised that districts had different requirements. The Service
Commercial (CS) Zone on El Camino Real allowed demolition of retail space
and replacement with other uses.



04/06/2015                                                             117- 178
