                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not find an analysis of policy direction on that
issue.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that one way to pursue that issue more diligently
would be to create a permit process for home occupations. Currently home
occupations were allowed subject to specific conditions, but the property
owner was responsible for investigating and complying with those conditions.
The City was not involved.        A permit process, similar to those other
jurisdictions had established for vacation rentals, would require the owner to
come to the City and acknowledge the need to comply with conditions. If
those conditions were not followed, then the City could revoke the permit.

Council Member Burt asked how a vacation rental permit would apply to
occupancy for office use. The office use would not necessarily be short-
term.

Ms. Gitelman meant that the permit process would be similar to other
jurisdictions' methods to regulate vacation rentals. Other jurisdictions had
created an administrative permit process so that the owner was responsible
for obtaining a permit and the permit could be revoked if conditions were not
followed. The City could implement a similar process for home occupations.

Council Member Burt understood the City defined home businesses and
deliberately excluded them from the Business Registry. The permit process
Ms. Gitelman described appeared to apply to residents who also had a home
office. That was not the direction he wanted to take. The Staff Report did
not mention this problem or whether there were alternative ways to address
it.

Ms. Gitelman suggested one method to address overuses beyond permitted
activities was to institute some type of permit process. The Staff Report did
not provide any details, because Council input was needed to shape that
type of program. If the Council wished Staff to investigate other methods
for regulating uses that exceeded Section 18.42.060 for home occupations,
Staff could do so.

Council Member Burt was not interested in requiring every homeowner with
a home office to obtain a permit. He was interested in better mechanisms to
prohibit full-scale businesses with multiple employees from operating in a
home. Perhaps the Council should explore methods for residents to rent
spare rooms once per month or for a longer term. That could help address
the lack of housing supply. The Staff Report indicated Staff could not
determine the number of units available because website listings did not
include addresses. He asked if websites listed properties by city.


03/09/2015                                                              117- 63
