                         TRANSCRIPT
vision that they think is appropriate for their neighborhood. I think that's
really the key to this, that every neighborhood of Palo Alto is a little bit
different. Obviously, there are neighborhoods where most of the homes are
two stories, and this would never fly. In this neighborhood, it certainly
makes sense. As somebody who grew up in a south Palo Alto Eichler with
one-story neighbors and had the pleasure of returning there just a few years
ago, I know the value of this from firsthand experience. I think City Hall has
heard you. The Staff, the PTC and the Council, looks like we're moving in
the direction of recognizing this. You've done a great job bringing people
together, showing really overwhelming support. Kudos. I also think it
shouldn't be missed that, when it's appropriate and through a thoughtful
process, we do make occasional changes to our zoning in Palo Alto. Today
what I think we're going to be doing is voting to essentially down-zone,
because that is what is right for this neighborhood. I'll be enthusiastically
supporting this motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Council Member DuBois asked a question about the
adjacent neighborhood that has an Eichler design but a number of homes
that are now two story. At a prior Council meeting, we had had discussion
about an interest in exploring design overlays. Can Staff briefly let us know
whether that is going to be taken up as part of the Comp Plan discussion or
whether the Council would need to initiate action on that? Is there any
occurring along those lines or even being considered?

Jonathon Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director: Are
you referring to the IR program that we have now?

Council Member Burt: No.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. Can you clarify then?

Council Member Burt: The design overlay. Where we have neighborhoods
that, either because they've already lost preservation of the single story or
for their own preference reasons, they would be interested in an overlay that
would be a design style that would apply or be available for neighborhoods
where they don't comply with the single-story requirements.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, if I might ask. Are you referring to a
conservation overlay or a preservation overlay such as, in this case, an
Eichler district overlay?

Council Member Burt:      Yes, it could be described as a design or a
conservation, either one.
                                                                           Page 17 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
