                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, speak to the motion.

Council Member Scharff: I'm a little concerned about the motion. I mostly
agree with it. I think we're not being realistic in terms of the budget here. I
think we should set a more realistic budget. If it was me, I would set a
budget of 13.1 million with an additional million from Google if we get. Do
we really want to put it in there? Maybe Google will give 3 million.
Shouldn't we say explore additional funding options from Google rather than
saying a million dollars?

Mr. Keene: I think that would be fine.

Council Member Scharff: First of all, I'd offer a friendly amendment that
says that we'd pursue additional funding from Google.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll accept that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in Part C of the Motion, “a $1.0 million
contribution” with “additional funding options.”

Mr. Shikada: If we could also note that further additional funding that we're
referring to is the Stanford Trail funds that had been de-obligated.

Council Member Scharff: I thought that might be like ... I guess I'll ask that
question. I think 10.1 million plus the .35 and the 1 million for 11.4 is
unrealistic. I'm just looking at the bridges we get. I'm fine with it if we
want to move forward with those numbers in here. I'm actually a little
uncomfortable in having that. At the bottom it says 13 to 17 if we can get
it. I actually think we probably need to get to that 13 million.

Mr. Keene: I agree.

Council Member Scharff: In Finance Committee, we put $6 million aside.
I'm not saying we should use the 6 million. I'll ask if you're willing to do an
anticipated budget of 13 million as opposed to 11.4. That would just mean a
budget of—I'd say a budget of $13.1 million. Well, 13 million less the .35
million, whatever that is. I can't do the math at this hour.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I wanted to see if the seconder of the
motion was going to accept your first amendment.

Council Member Kniss: Where do you want this inserted?

                                                                      Page 121 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
