                         TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: If you're presenting for the Finance Committee, this is the
time to do that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess I'm trying to explain why amongst the Finance
Committee there was a number of comments, both from the public and the
Finance Committee, about understanding.

Mayor Holman: Fair enough.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On packet page 852, the Staff has presented what is
expected to happen with the 20 percent surcharge. The reductions are most
likely to occur, the savings, from those who are at the higher tiers of
expenditure, where their savings is likely to be three times as high as the
homeowner who is conserving currently. I think it's important to understand
that as a background to the message that the public gets.

Mayor Holman: Before we begin the hearing, I'll explain the process of the
Prop 218 portion of the hearing. All residents and other interested persons
will have an opportunity to provide testimony this evening on the water
rates. To be valid, protests to the proposed rate increases must be in
writing, signed and submitted to the City Clerk before the close of this
hearing. The protest must also identify the parcel and the rate being
protested. Although the water increases are being considered together in
one public hearing, the presence or absence of a majority protest will be
calculated separately for each rate. The City Clerk will accept written
protests until the public hearing on this matter is closed. At the conclusion
of this public hearing, the City Clerk will count the number of written
protests against the proposed rate increases and the Council will determine
whether a majority protest exists for each rate. If a majority of customers
and property owners have not submitted protests by the close of the public
hearing tonight, the City Council may adopt the new water rate schedules as
part of the Ordinance adopting the budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Now at this
time, we will open the public hearing on the Proposition 218 changes to
water rates.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:19 P.M.

Mayor Holman: We'll close the public hearing on that portion of the item.
Before we turn to Council questions and discussion, we'll first tabulate the
written protests pursuant to Prop 218. City Clerk.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: We have 11 protests.

                                                                      Page 40 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
