                          TRANSCRIPT
program in Santa Clara County. The opportunities for the people in Santa
Clara County that have been aided by many of the social services agencies
who you have been funding may have a religious side to it, but they have
not crossed over any line that I've ever seen. I think they've done some
wonderful things. I'm sure that Liz knows perhaps more about this. When
you look at what they did for housing, for education, for family services,
those organizations are critical. I don't see the City of Palo Alto not working
in conjunction with many groups. I've been on the Board of the Red Cross, I
guess you know that, for about six years; I'm not there now. When we were
on the Board of the Red Cross, we had many agencies who came and
provided food, for example, if there was a disaster. They helped us with it
when we set up fire shelters. Those things are very, very important.

Mayor Holman: Sorry to cut you off. You have about 20 seconds left to
make any kind of closing remarks that you want, to be fair to the other
candidate.

Ms. Smith: Valerie's a friend. I don't know where you are in your
continuum. It's not the most important thing that could ever happen to me,
but it's something which I think I could contribute to. I leave it to your good
judgment. I'm sure that you can decide who you want and what you want
and what values you have. What you see is what you get with me.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. I should disclose too I've known you
also for a good number of years just as Liz has. Thank you for your
application.

Ms. Smith: Thank you. Thank you for what you guys do. I admire your
work.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Valerie, for applying and for joining us this
evening. We have ten minutes for interviews. If you'd care to take a few
moments or a minute to make some introductory comments, we'd be happy
to hear those.

Valerie Stinger: Thank you. Thank you for allowing me to interview. I'll be
really brief.  I'll introduce myself as a resident, a professional and a
volunteer. Resident, I've lived in Palo Alto since 1974, lived in the same
house since 1974. We have two daughters who have gone through the Palo
Alto school system. As a professional, I began my career at the Federal
Reserve Bank; worked for the Center for Continuing Study of the California
Economy; spent the bulk of my career in new product planning in
pharmaceuticals and biotech, went into Peace Corps in 1999. I've done a lot
of work in Africa and the former Soviet Union since then. Volunteer, I've
been on the daycare board, school site councils, theatre boosters, and most
                                                                         Page 4 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
