                          TRANSCRIPT
keep RPP on its timeline to which it was originally committed lest this
become yet another example of the City of Palo Alto kicking the can down
the road. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Mr. Hodos. David Coale to be followed by Rita
Vrhel.

David Coale: Hello, Mayor and City Council. My name is David Coale. I'm
with Bike Palo Alto, and I would like to thank you for supporting this effort in
the past. We are on our sixth annual Bike Palo Alto this year, and would like
to invite you to this event. It's happening on October 4th at El Carmello
School from 1:00 to 4:00. No registration necessary, just come and bring
your bike. This event shows Palo Altans the great ways to get around town
on a bicycle. There are three different routes, and each route has short,
medium and long options to it. Each route has stops at local stores and
shows people how to get around. This coincides with the City's Walks and
Rolls to School event happening the rest of that week. I just wanted to
thank the City for sponsoring this in the past, and we hope to see you all
there. Thank you so much. This might go a long way to solving the parking
and congestion problems. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Stephanie Munoz,
our final speaker.

Rita Vrhel: Hello. I wanted to speak to you again this evening about the
dewatering process that's going on throughout Palo Alto. Dewatering is
where a hole is dug in the ground, and the water surrounding that area is
pumped out directly into the storm drains. Provisions are made for people
that they can fill up their gallon jugs if they want, but basically millions of
gallons of water are being wasted in this process. Two new dewatering sites
are going online or are starting this week over on Garland Avenue. I would
invite you all to go to the large residential dewatering project directly across
from the Main Rinconada Library. You can look at the tremendously large
hole in the ground. You can see the large pipe that takes the water directly
to the storm drain. You can look across at the Main Library and see the
dying redwoods between the library and the cultural center. You can also
look and see the Palo Alto Saves Water sign that is on the Main Library lawn.
You can walk around the corner and look at the redwood trees in the Magic
Forest that are also dying, because this is the fourth large dewatering
project that has gone on in the community center in the last year and a half.
Keith Bennett and a group are working on this issue, which was last
discussed in-depth in 2008. They are working on a white paper and an op-
ed piece and will be contacting each one of you to see if you are interested
in discussing this issue further. With the constant wildfires in our area and

                                                                          Page 8 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
