                           TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Minor announced that Michael Danaher with 8 votes and Lisa Van Dusen
with 6 votes were each appointed to the Utilities Advisory Commission for
three years, with terms ending April 30, 2018.

First Round of voting for one position on the Utilities Advisory Commission
for one unexpired term ending April 30, 2016:

Council Member Filseth abstained from voting.

Voting For Timothy Gray:

Voting For Natalia Kachenko:

Voting For Judith Schwartz:        Berman, Burt, DuBois, Holman, Kniss,
                                   Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Ms. Minor announced that Judith Schwartz with 8 votes was appointed to the
Utilities Advisory Commission for one unexpired term ending April 30, 2016.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members.
A number of items to report. All good news. I did want to share that once
again this year Lalo Perez, our Chief Financial Officer, and David Ramberg,
Assistant Director in Administrative Services Department, received on behalf
of the City the Government Finance Officers Award for Achievement of
Excellence in Financial Reporting for the 2014 Comprehensive Annual
Financial Report. ASD, the Administrative Services Department, and our
City have received this award going back 18 years, which represents a long-
term, consistent record of exemplary financial management. It is the
highest form of recognition in governmental accounting and financial
reporting.   It's attainment represents a significant accomplishment by
government and its financial management. Along those lines I did want to
share in response to a comment and also a question that the Mayor asked
last week that the Fiscal Year 2016 Proposed Budget has been released on
the OpenGov data website. As you know, in 2012 our City was the first in
the nation in presenting its Adopted Budget in detail in the OpenGov online
platform. With that platform, visitors to the site can analyze changes and
costs, revenues, etc., at a more detailed level than is shown in the Budget
document that we present to the Council and in many ways simpler for the
                                                                     Page 13 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/04/15
