                         TRANSCRIPT
traffic study recommends removing one or two parking spaces along Kipling
Street to improve visibility. It does not consider the safety and impact of
the existing businesses on the alleyway. Our alleyways should be used for
pedestrians and people walking back and forth. The traffic report did not
assess that. At a minimum the City, if this project is approved, needs to
consider reversing the alleyway traffic towards the larger and wider
Waverley Street for better flow and utilize the existing signals at both ends.
Kipling doesn't have a signal at both ends, and Waverley does. The traffic
should actually flow out toward Waverley, but that's a worst case scenario if
you were to approve this building. The shadow study here—this is a four-
story building plus HVAC and an elevator shaft which obscures daylight over
the alleyway. What I want to show you is—I took this picture right here.
This is the back of Design Within Reach. It's about 1 1/2 stories. You can
see during the daylight how this building already shadows across the
alleyway. This is only 1 1/2 stories tall. Wait 'til you get a four-story
building plus HVAC plus the elevator shaft. You will completely obscure that
building. The study improperly equates the impact from the building as that
from the trees. It says it won't be any longer than what the trees do. Come
on, I mean, we're not idiots. Trees leave a lacy type of shadowy figure, not
what a big, block building does. I mean, this is just so ridiculous how these
people can right these things here. We can see this on Florence Street
where the big, ugly garage completely obscures little, tiny Florence Street
with the big shadows that go over, across. You can see what lacy tree
shadows are. It's not the same as a big building. In summary—actually
according to my clock, I have 20 seconds. I will review this at the three-
minute rebuttal.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you.

Mr. Harbor: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We'll now hear from the applicant, and Jim
Trotter is architect and Kent Mitchell as attorney for the applicant. You'll
have a combined ten minutes.

Jim Trotter, Architect for Applicant: Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid, and
fellow Council Members, thank you for having us. I'm Jim Trotter; I'm the
consulting architect for Elizabeth and Jaime Wong. I'm helping with the
shadow study and reviewing the revisions on the proposal for 429
University. As I stated at the last meeting with the ARB, I think both the
original design by Ken Hayes and the current revised plans are elegant and
thoughtful designs. As a modern, contemporary, mixed-use development,
this is one of the better designs that I've seen in this area in Palo Alto.
Concerning the context and the complexity of the program, I think this

                                                                           Page 6 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
