                          TRANSCRIPT
do something and to use the resources we have to do it. I think the best
comments tonight were those who said this is different from 1998 and 2012,
feel a sense of somewhere to go, something to do. I'll know when it comes.
Thanks very much for your work.

Mayor Holman: One question that wasn't covered in the presentation, one
I'm always asking to get reassurance of. We got an email from a member of
the public about Adobe Creek, the channelized creeks and what's been done
to clear those and storm readiness.

Mr. Teresi: I saw that email, got a copy of that as well. The issue there,
Adobe Creek is an engineered channel that was improved in the early 1990s
to convey the 1 percent or 100-year storm event. When the engineers
design such a new facility, they assume that it's not going to stay completely
clean, so their design includes an allowance for a certain amount of
sediment and vegetation to build up. They have criteria whereby they go
out every year and do survey work and measure the amount of sediment
and vegetation in the channel. Until a trigger level is set, it's not cleaned.
They don't have the staff or the money or the capacity to go through and
clean every channel every year. They have a strategic plan whereby they
make the measurement. As long as it doesn't exceed the allowance that
was included in the design of that facility, they're comfortable that the
channel still has the capacity to convey the full 100-year flow. They also
apply this water safe herbicide which will kill the plant material. During high
flows, most of that gets uprooted and just washes downstream. I've talked
to the Water District Staff about that particular creek, because I had gotten
earlier emails on the same topic. They assured me that based on their
judgment and their expertise they feel comfortable that even with that
amount of vegetation of sediment, that the channel can still convey the full
flow.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Just a final wrap-up comment here. I
really want to applaud Staff from City Manager to Len Matterman, the Water
District, City of East Palo Alto, Menlo Park and certainly our Palo Alto Staff
for collaborating and working together to come to solutions that we have at
the ready should we need them. Hopefully they will be adequate to respond
to any emergency that might occur. Just to give some added level of
security and assurance to people, it should not be overlooked that Joe
Teresi, Millbrae Man of the Year, is on the job. We are well staffed and well
covered. Appreciate all the expertise and time and commitment that's been
dedicated to this purpose. Thank you all so very much.




                                                                       Page 42 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
