                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I think I mentioned that earlier under professional
rather than medical.

Council Member Wolbach: I believe that professional offices will not be
exempted from the cap. I want to make sure that in our community,
especially as we work towards ...

Ms. Gitelman: I refer you to the definition on packet page 907. It does
refer to uses providing consultation, diagnosis, therapeutic, etc., healing arts
for humans, licensed for such practice by the State of California. To the
extent that a medical or psychological professional is licensed by the State,
it would fall under this definition.

Mayor Holman: We're exempting up to 5,000 square feet of medical office.

Council Member Wolbach: I wanted to make sure that falls under there.

Vice Mayor Schmid: A clarification. We are looking at net new square feet.
If there's currently a 20,000 square foot dental office, they can rebuild to
25,000 square feet and be exempt from the cap. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: We're ready to vote on this. I would point out one thing.
Living near several medical offices, I can tell you there are major parking
impacts. I don't think we're going to see a lot of development of this. Vote
on the board please. That passes unanimously with Council Member DuBois
not participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: That is the uses as outlined on packet page 907 that would
be covered by this ordinance. Did we cover all the exceptions?

Council Member Wolbach: I do not think so.

Council Member Kniss:     Under this you also have, Hillary, to clarify,
accessory office uses, home occupations and government offices would not
be affected. Do we need to clarify that?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. That goes without saying,
unless you feel differently. Unless you'd like something to be included, the
motion you just adopted is fine.

Council Member Kniss: I think the previous one covered that, don't you?

                                                                         Page 65 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
