             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Special Meeting
                                                              June 22, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:02 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman,         Kniss   arrived    at
           8:04 P.M., Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Presentation and Discussion Regarding the Page Mill Road Portion of
     the County Expressway Plan.

James Lightbody, Interim Chief Transportation Official: Thank you. Jim
Lightbody, Interim Chief Transportation Official. I'd like to introduce folks
from the County who will be making a presentation. As you probably know,
the County has been in the process of updating their Countywide
Expressway Plan. As part of that effort, the City was interested in a more
detailed look at portions of Page Mill as part of that project. We've
contributed some funds to the County, about $100,000, towards a more
detailed look at that section of the Expressway. That work has been
underway for the last year or so. We've been working with the County.
We're at the point where they're ready to present the conceptual plan for
that. I want to introduce Dawn Cameron with the County and Adam
Dankberg, consultant to the County.

Dawn Cameron, Santa Clara County Roads and Transportation Official:
Good evening. I'm Dawn Cameron, County Transportation Planner with the
County of Santa Clara Roads and Airports Department. It's a pleasure to be
here again tonight and present to you a brief summary of the findings of the
Page Mill Road Expressway Corridor Study. With me, as Jim mentioned, is
Adam Dankberg. He is with Kimley-Horn and Associates and has been the
consultant project manager for helping us put together this report. I'd like
to note that we came before the Palo Alto City Council a year ago to discuss
the Expressway Plan 2040 process, which is how the County takes a
comprehensive look every five to seven years at our Expressway System in
terms of its long-term maintenance, operational improvement needs. In


                                                                     Page 1 of 82
