                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff believed that the only time schools could be
included was if someone was physically moving thier mobile home. He
inquired whether any Buena Vista residents would be physically moving their
mobile homes. If so, perhaps the Council should consider schools in that
instance. If not, then there was no argument for considering schools.

Ms. Nanda reported that moving units from Buena Vista was possible but
highly unlikely or improbable, with the exception of park units. Other mobile
home parks would likely not accept units from Buena Vista, because of the
age of the units.

Council Member Scharff asked if residents would have to choose at some
point whether to move their mobile homes.

Ms. Nanda advised that any vacant space in any park was available to Buena
Vista residents, if the mobile home park would accept the mobile home.
Park owners wanted to improve the overall appearance of their parks.

Ms. Aziz argued that the definition of comparable mobile home park did
affect residents whose mobile homes could not be moved. She referred to
Section 9.076.040(F)(a)(2) regarding residents whose mobile homes could
not be moved. Schools were a factor for residents whose mobile homes
could be moved and whose mobile homes could not be moved. Subsection
(F)(2)(a) was expansive. The Council's role was to interpret the Ordinance
as it felt appropriate. The Ordinance allowed the Council to conduct a de
novo review; therefore, the Council did not have to accept all of the Hearing
Officer's findings. If the Council believed certain issues were important and
should be included in mitigation assistance, then it was the Council's
responsibility to include those issues.

Council Member Wolbach agreed that the definition of comparable housing
included the option of a comparable mobile home park.

Council Member Berman was attempting to determine methods to address
the value of schools. He asked if the appellant intended to factor schools
into rent subsidies or appraisals.

Ms. Aziz indicated schools could be factored into both. It was a good
possibility that many residents would not move to a comparable mobile
home; therefore, they would have to rent. In looking at rental opportunities
as a source of comparable housing, the Council should also consider the
ability to access schools of a quality similar to Palo Alto's schools.

Council took a break at 9:08 P.M. and returned at 9:22 P.M.

                                                                       Page 23 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
