                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: They would potentially lose yard space, and that's the
tradeoff. Second, I'm struggling somewhat on the boundary because I do
believe that the natural and appropriate boundary is the center of the street,
so that you don't have folks in one set of homes and a backyard with two
stories overlooking others that are not. On the other hand, the lots on Greer
and Amarillo are generally smaller. I went back and doubled checked, and
the Planning Commission alternative motion didn't say all are smaller. It
said generally—I forget the exact wording. I think that's a fair assessment.
That goes back to the principle we're not going to deny them the ability to
add a certain amount of house space. It would impact the size of their
yards, but not the house per se. I did want to ask a question that the
Planning Commission did bring up. I think it's a valid one that we've never
addressed, which is what happens in the future if, say, a majority of folks
want to opt out of their CC&R, 55 percent hypothetically. 55 percent want
to remove themselves from a single-story overlay; what's our process?

Ms. French: Opting out of the CC&Rs with 55 percent, that sounds like a
majority, a clear majority. That could be a legal instrument that is prepared
and gone through the proper channels for that. As far as undoing a single-
story overlay, they have to get the same percentage. Let's say they opt out
and the CC&R now says two stories are okay, then—would it be 60 or 70
percent? In any case, it's 60 or 70 percent to undo the single-story overlay.

Council Member Burt: That's my recollection. I think that's a flaw in our
process. It's not before us tonight, but if you think about the logic of it,
we're saying that we believe that if 30 percent or more of the people in a
neighborhood don't want their property restricted, then we won't restrict it.
Once we've done that, we're saying that it takes 70 percent of the people in
that neighborhood to not want the restriction in order for us to not have it
restricted. I think that that's something that we have to address. We've
never had that discussion. We haven't had any neighborhoods who have
asked.     Over the 20 years that we've had it, we've never had a
neighborhood who has come back and asked to rescind that. It hasn't been
an immediate issue, but I've felt for a long time that it's a real flaw. I don't
agree with that rationale. I remember that we said we want to entitle
neighborhoods if they have a clear supermajority to be able to do this. In
particular, if they have their own deed restrictions to be able to do it. I don't
think that the undoing method that we have now is rationally justifiable. I
don't think we have to press it this year because we don't have any
imminent neighborhoods who would like to have it removed. In fact, I
haven't heard of anybody who's come there. I think it's something we need
to recognize is a flaw in our process.

Mayor Holman: We were hoping for three-minute rounds.
                                                                            Page 125 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
