                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:    Thank you.       Carol Danaher to be followed by Jerry
Underdal. Marc, you're light is on. Did you have a question for a speaker?
Thank you.

Carol Danaher: I'm Carol Danaher. I've lived in Crescent Park since 1991
with my husband, and we raised our two children here. I love living in Palo
Alto. When I describe it to other people out of state, I say first it's paradise.
After that, I compare it to living during the Italian Renaissance. This place is
on fire with creativity. Why I'm here tonight is I fear that people who are
wealthy are the only ones that can afford to live here. My social network is
older people like me and young adults in their 20s and 30s. None of this
enormous group of 20 and 30-year-olds that I know can either move here or
stay here. This includes a psychiatrist at Stanford, a pediatrician with the
Valley Medical Center, a social worker, a preschool teacher, carpenter and
many doing extraordinary work for nonprofits. They're moving south to LA,
north to Seattle, east to Boulder or at the end of the hour-and-a-half radius
east and south of here. I think the community of Palo Alto will suffer if it
becomes an enclave for the wealthy. I've read the Land Use Element, and I
know this is on your radar. What I don't know is whether you treat this with
the urgency that I would like you to treat, that we need multiunit, multiuse
along the transportation corridor. I was delighted today seeing the housing
going in by AOL and Fry's. It's serious. Get on it. Thank you all for the
work that you do.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you for coming.      Jerry Underdal to be followed by
Gabriel Lewis.

Jerry Underdal: Thank you. Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council
Members. I echo a lot of what's been said before, but I have a couple of
twists so please bear with me here a little bit. Where there's a choice,
always take housing over office in Palo Alto. Always take housing over
office. We have such a deficit of housing built up from when we built the
Stanford Research Center and captured the jobs and farmed out the housing
to other places on the Peninsula. It's catch-up time. There's a moral
obligation of a sort; I'm not going to lean on that too heavily. What I would
like to do is suggest that where possible, especially along El Camino where I
live down in the Barron Park area, build residences on El Camino to the
maximum zoned density. Without exception, maximum zoned density, put
that housing on there. Now, why? Because that is no bonuses. I see that
as the cost of retaining the R-1 zoning. The other part is to say, to the
extent possible, keep the R-1 zoning inviolate. People will go bananas if
they think R-1 zoning is threatened. Witness the Maybell controversy where
it was spread about as if Measure D passed, everybody's R-1 zoning area
was in danger of being confiscated, rezoned. I would say it's just the cost of
                                                                         Page 41 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
