                         TRANSCRIPT
economic benefits, innovation driver, the leadership that we have played in
the region and the world, and the influence that we are able to provide to
other communities. As we've talked about many times before, this is the
right thing to do. I would note that whether to do the right thing is not an
economic decision. It's a moral decision that we make or don't make. How
to do the right thing, when to do it, those are economic decisions and we
need to make those very carefully and diligently. The path ahead of us
requires some bold moves, most fundamentally with the greenhouse gas
goals we want to set. We need to be looking at moving not just to reducing
impacts but net positive buildings, as will be required by the State of
California in just a few years; and more agility in the way that we operate so
that we can be experimental and learn quickly on a faster learning cycle.
Frankly a lot of the things that we need to do, a lot of the opportunities
ahead of us, no one has done yet. No one's quite sure how to do them. We
need to learn as we go and find a safe and appropriate way to do that. A lot
of this will come down to behavior change. Some of it is policy. Some of it
is technology. Much of it is the choices that our citizens choose to make in
our personal lives. How do we most effectively support and encourage those
changes? How do we innovate the kind of financial structures that enable us
to do this work? We have many levers. Some of them we've used before:
utility incentives, legal mandates, Ordinances and regulations, new services
to provide. The example that we set with our own procurement and some
edgier ideas that we're hearing around the community around carbon pricing
and carbon taxes as possible alternatives to look at. Microsoft, you may
know, has established an internal carbon pricing regime where part of their
internal cost allocations include cost of carbon.        It's accelerated their
reductions and saved them real money. We're talking with them about how
they've done that and whether or not that might be appropriate for us.
Several of you mentioned Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) and offsets
before. We've done this very successfully with electricity to use RECs as a
bridge to a climate neutral electricity strategy, voluntary program, action of
Council offsetting 100 percent of our electricity and then building a Carbon-
Neutral Portfolio over four years. We could conceivably do the same thing
with natural gas. We have a voluntary program underway now, Palo Alto
Green Gas. We could offset the entire gas emissions and be a carbon-
neutral utility by an action that you take. We could build a trajectory to
taking out the impact of natural gas. Let me be clear. I am not an advocate
for electrification or fuel switching. I am an advocate for a carbon-neutral
City, and that's one of the critical issues that we need to look at. Steps
ahead. We'll need to discuss and ultimately adopt a Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan. Again, we'll be bringing that to you later in June. I
would encourage you, though, to think about goals that you might set in
advance of adopting a complete plan. The California goal of 80 percent
reduction in greenhouse gases by 2050 may be something for us to say,

04/20/2015                                                             117- 288
