                             MINUTES
Motions. He wanted to hear comments from all Council Members prior to
offering Motions.

Mayor Holman agreed. She proposed Council Members limit their comments
and questions to 7 minutes each.

James Keene, City Manager, asked if Mayor Holman was planning to end the
discussion at a particular time.

Mayor Holman noted the item was scheduled to end at 11:15 with another
date scheduled for a follow-up discussion. The item could extend past 11:15
in order to accomplish as much as possible. She requested Council Members
speak for 7 minutes and not offer Motions during the first round of
comments.

Council Member Wolbach proposed the three remaining speakers be allowed
10 minutes as he spoke for that length of time at the prior meeting.

Mayor Holman would limit all speakers to 7 minutes.

Council Member Burt summarized problems, issues, and alternatives
mentioned by the community, colleagues, and others in order to frame the
discussion. Many issues were interrelated. He was not prepared to institute
a solution immediately. He was interested in a cap because it would not be
an onerous tool. A carefully crafted cap could add quality of life and control
the future.

Council Member Scharff advised that the Council needed good data in order
to understand the ramifications of a cap. He was not comfortable with his
understanding of the consequences. The Council needed to address the
negative impacts identified by community members. A cap would not make
a difference in any of those negative impacts. The Council needed to
eliminate congestion, to solve the parking issue, and to protect retail.
Protecting retail should have an easy solution.

There should be no issue with expanding ground-floor retail throughout the
City. Office development did not increase the number of mandated housing
units. An office cap could increase rents to the point that professional
service providers could not afford them. The Council should dedicate more
resources to implementing RPP and TDM Programs than to implementing a
cap. He questioned whether the Council would arbitrate an application
selection process, as people were not happy with Architectural Review Board
(ARB) decisions.     The Council needed to approach this carefully and
thoughtfully. Perhaps the Council and community could explore a cap
through the Comprehensive Plan. If the community was concerned about

03/02/2015                                                              117- 41
