                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: It would be whether there will be an opportunity to
schedule that in the context of other transportation demand-related
subjects.

James Keene, City Manager: Yes, I think we can do that.           We've got a
number of things January, late January, timeframe, yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to pull Item Number 17.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second that.

Council Member Kniss: Second it.

Council Member DuBois: I'll third it.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach, third by Council Member Kniss to pull Agenda Item Number 17-
Adoption of an Ordinance ... to Move the Day of Policy and Services and
Finance Committee Meetings … to be heard at a later date.

Mayor Holman: Item Number 17, for those who may not be following along
that closely, is adoption of an ordinance to move the day of Policy and
Services and Finance Committees from Tuesdays to Wednesdays. That item
has also been pulled by vote of three Council Members and will be heard at a
future date to be determined. Item Number 10, City Manager, you received
an email from some ...

Mr. Keene: No, I had two things I'd want to say before the Council votes.
Number one, I've heard some questions or concerns related to Item Number
10. I think in response that I can offer that we would be in a position to
schedule for a future discussion of how to use proceeds from the sale of the
property involved in Item Number 10 along with a policy discussion related
to the sale of City property. In the event that we've concluded all of that
before that actual meeting was scheduled, I would be sure to sequester the
funds, that we'd kind of hold it off in a special fund so clearly we're not just
putting it into the General Fund for other use. It'd be available as part of
any subsequent policy discussion. Secondly, if after you do the Consent
Calendar, I could have our usual 2-3 minutes to introduce our new Chief
People Officer running HR. That would be great. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Yes, that would be Item Number 21. With that, Council
Members, we are ready to move the Consent Calendar with Item Numbers 4
and—what was the second item?

                                                                        Page 24 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
