                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman would compare the data Vice Mayor Schmid suggested to the
assumptions in the existing analysis and comment on the variance between
assumptions.

Council Member Scharff asked if the comparison could change Staff's
recommendation of the MND.

Ms. Gitelman indicated if Staff identified a basis to question the assumptions
in the study, it could affect Staff's recommendation for the MND.

Council Member Scharff stated the Council was waiting to approve the MND
in order to receive the further traffic analysis. The City hired an expert who
performed three analyses.       The Council was now requesting a fourth
analysis. To request a fifth analysis would be inappropriate; therefore, he
encouraged Council Members to request all information in the current
meeting. He asked if it was fair to say the market determined cap rates.

Mr. Kawahara answered yes.

Council Member Scharff advised that cap rates were not determined in the
manner Council Member Filseth utilized. Palo Alto had particular cap rates.
He encouraged Kaiser Marston to review Palo Alto cap rates in the model.
Council Members should raise parking issues in the current discussion. He
was pleased the building was moved back from the sidewalk. He reviewed
Palantir's parking analysis. Contrary to public comment, data indicated a
ratio of 4:1,000 was correct for Palo Alto's credit tenants. He agreed with
Ms. Gitelman regarding the effectiveness of mixed use parking. The building
was not under-parked.

Mayor Holman clarified that if the Motion passed, the project would be
continued.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff in regards to cost, to use a model
that does not assign the pro-rata cost of the entire building to the Below
Market Rate (BMR) units, but instead looks at the incremental market rate
and BMR revenue, and offsets that with a density bonus;

   a. Direct Staff to provide more detail on travel impact that takes into
     account actual traffic growth on nearby intersections, including the
     impacts of recent Stanford projects and Park Boulevard impacts; and




                                                                        Page 24 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
