                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff asked if Staff accepted that language.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes. She questioned whether the Council wanted to
include retail-like uses.

Council Member Scharff did want to include retail-like uses.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that retail service means a use predominantly
engaged in providing retail sale and retail-like uses.

Council Member Filseth would support applying the urgency ordinance to
projects at various stages in the pipeline. He agreed that an urgency
ordinance should be simple. With respect to Number 4 in the Motion, access
to upper and lower floors was a design issue. He was unclear why the
Council should allow that exemption. He would be comfortable restoring the
Downtown blocks that were eliminated from the ground-floor retail area in
2009.    Perhaps that should be discussed in relation to a long-term
ordinance. He was unclear how a 25 percent exemption for office supported
protection of retail uses. It seemed to be an unnecessary complication, and
he would support eliminating that exemption.

Council Member Burt asked if Council Member Filseth was referring to the
interim or long-term ordinance.

Council Member Filseth felt that did not belong in the interim ordinance.

Council Member Kniss understood the Motion needed eight votes to pass.

Ms. Stump clarified that the urgency ordinance itself, which would be
presented to the Council on May 11, 2015, would require eight votes to be
adopted. In the current meeting, direction to Staff required only a five-vote
majority.

Council Member Kniss estimated that none or only one emergency ordinance
affecting the entire City had been enacted. She was somewhat troubled by
the Council attempting a new concept; however, the discussion was helpful.
She asked if the Motion should contain the findings for an urgency
ordinance.

Ms. Stump responded no. The Council would direct Staff to compose those
findings and present them to the Council. Just prior to Council Member
Kniss joining the Council, the Council utilized the urgency procedure to
remove some parking exceptions in Downtown.



04/06/2015                                                             117- 190
