                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: Sure. Under PTOD, you can get a nominal housing density
bonus. We have found in practice that nobody has applied for a PTOD
overlay, and so our suspicion is that that incremental bonus is not enough to
really warrant the additional regulations that come with PTOD. What the
amendment does is allow a density bonus on top of that existing bonus
allowed for PTOD to count towards density bonus concessions.

Council Member DuBois: Can you quantify that though? Do you get double
the density?

Ms. Silver: Unfortunately, I can't quantify it, because I don't know ...

Council Member DuBois: Before, what was here basically said you could
either use this or the State density bonus, and you get to a density level.
People have been using the State density bonus, so do we care if we use one
or the other? It seems like now we're letting them use both, is what you're
saying.

Ms. Silver: We have to allow people to at least use the State density bonus
amount which is greater than the PTOD amount. I think there's a legal
vulnerability here, keeping this provision as is, by saying that you cannot
use State density bonus in PTOD zones. The State law says that cities have
to allow State density bonus in every zone.

Council Member DuBois: We don't have to allow—anyways, if I understand
it, this sounds like a policy change more than maybe some of the other
items we're doing here. I just don't understand how much more density this
means. It would be good to understand that, I think.

Ms. Silver: That would certainly—if the Council wanted to put that as a Tier
2 item and we could try to do some quantification, we'd be happy to do that.

Council Member DuBois: Again, if you guys can explain it. Otherwise, I'd
say let's put it in Tier 2, because I just don't understand how much it is.

Mayor Holman: Yes, we do. Council Member DuBois, you have the floor.
Do you want to propose something to be put on this list that we'll vote on?

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to hear what my colleagues think about
this. Again, I don't really have a clear understanding. One other comment
for Jonathan and Amy. Again, it didn't make the list this year, but I'd like to
add another to the parking lot which should really be a discussion about not
allowing office space to be used as part of the State density bonus and
clarifying that so the bonus could be used for housing in a mixed-use
project.
                                                                        Page 79 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
