                          TRANSCRIPT
models, we ought to do that. Having both a values-based component to this
and a quantitative component is going to make it a much better discussion.
Thanks.

Council Member Burt: Had we agreed on what we were going to do in each
of these rounds or was that just Council Member DuBois' proposal or what?
Or was it left open?

Mayor Holman: What we're trying to do, and Director Gitelman will chime in
here if there’s...

Council Member Burt: Within each round is what…

Mayor Holman: Within each round. Within each round, you can say
anything that you want having to do with how you think the discussion
ought to be focused on and how we get to commenting on the Vision
Statements. If there are different considerations or different framings of the
Statements, then have at it.

Council Member Burt: Let me go to a few other comments before going into
Vision Statement comments, either this round or next one. First, I wanted
to respond to a couple of things that Director Gitelman said. I do think that
we want to give consideration to the process and whether this Staff proposal
to have this community-wide discussion and somehow figure out how to
channel that is going to be the most productive way to get to where we need
to go. I would clarify that those of us who have been struggling and talking
about something different from that, first it wasn't instead of a community-
wide discussion, it was in conjunction with it. Second, we weren't proposing
it, or I wasn't, because it would be easier, but because it might be more
effective and productive. When we do get into discussion on the vision, I
don't plan to feel constrained by saying either/or, which of the Planning
Commission or the old plan I want the Staff to go to. I don't think we'll have
the time or this is the occasion to do final wordsmithing, but I do plan to talk
about words, because they're very impactful especially in a more concise
Vision Statement. They mean a lot. I also wanted to respond to the issue
that Vice Mayor Schmid had brought up about looking at our trends and
where revenues comes from and trying to make sure that we maintain what
had been an historic ratio of how much should come from residents and
businesses. We may not have a precise notion of that, but it is important
that we do examine that. I would want to differ in that I don't think the
problem with business property tax is the new development as much as that
new development may have other problems. The problem is existing
development that changes hands and doesn't get reappraised. We're talking
to each other here a lot, so it's a conversation of six of us. I'm trying to talk

                                                                           Page 29 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
