                          TRANSCRIPT
assumptions, so better reflecting what I will suggest is the long-term, what
the market will likely do in the long term. I am a fan of the things that the
City of San Jose retirement systems are doing. I think they are moving in
the right direction. I'm not sure I feel the same way about CCCERA. This is
a complicated answer, and I tried to answer it quickly.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you very much.

Mr. Bartel: Sorry about that.

Council Member Filseth: Hi. Thank you very much for this. I've got three
questions, hopefully all pretty quantitative and short. The first one is, all
these charts with sort of the big, thick green line in the middle and so forth.
You assumed a 7 1/2 percent (crosstalk)?

Mr. Bartel: That's correct.

Council Member Filseth: The high ones and the low ones, is that like 3
percent and 12 percent? Is that roughly there?

Mr. Bartel: Yeah. We show that on, this falls under what I refer to the
minutiae of this Slide 17. Poor investment return kind of ranges through the
low single digit.

Council Member Filseth:       Big difference between .2 percent and 4 percent
though.

Mr. Bartel: I understand that. What it is is actually .2 in the short run, 4
percent in the long run. Similarly, if you look at that good investment
return, 11 to 15 ...

Council Member Filseth: Eleven in the long run, 15 in the short run.

Mr. Bartel: Yes, that's right. That's exactly right.

Council Member Filseth: Super, thank you. Second one. The $300 million
unfunded aggregate pension liability, that also assumes 7 1/2 percent
investment return?

Mr. Bartel: Yes, it is.

Council Member Filseth: How sensitive is that to 6 1/2 percent instead?

Mr. Bartel: In the interest of full disclosure, that's something I ought to be
able to answer off the top of my head, but I can't. I know that in the City's


                                                                         Page 12 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
