                         TRANSCRIPT
future. It's not about growth needs necessarily. I would simply say
"growth." There's an implication there by stating "needs" that whatever
growth we have is the growth we needed. With the preservation of our
neighborhoods to address climate protection priorities, that should be more
broad which would be environmental priorities.          Focus on sustainable
development near neighborhood services.           I would say "sustainable
development near services." In the Transportation Element, I'm struggling
with whether the description of this on the PTC side of a sustainable network
of safe, accessible and efficient transportation, whether "network"
adequately describes what we're envisioning. It may, because I want to
look at assuring that we have both diversity of modes and an integrated
system. On the sixth line down, we talk about "enhancing the quality of life
in Palo Alto neighborhoods." We actually want to do it Citywide. As much as
neighborhoods are important, I don't want to limit it to neighborhoods. In
the Community Services section, I haven't reconciled the old Comp Plan
vision statement versus the PTC. Under the PTC side, I would drop "this
generation must." The last generation must have too and the one after this
must. I'd just say invest in the people and places and programs. If we want
to make a stronger statement, then make a stronger statement, but not
lofty language. Under Natural Environment, we talk about preserving our
ecosystems. I wonder whether we should also be talking about restoring. If
we've destroyed something, do we want to preserve whatever it is we
destroyed or damaged? Ecosystems and habitat adequately address the
issue of wildlife. Further down we talk about water quality. We're no longer
just talking about quality of our water, we're talking about quantity. I'd
really want to look here and in the Goals about a sustainable water supply.
That is what captures where we're trying to head. On the second to last
line, we talk about a plan for climate change mitigation. Under Natural
Environment, we certainly have our climate protection initiative as well as
our mitigation or adaption.       I guess that's what they're meaning by
mitigation here.      Also it talks about a plan, but I'd rather have
implementation than a plan. We need both. We need to speak about what
we're going to do and not just what we're going to plan. On the Business,
under the old one it says, "Palo Alto's business environment will be exciting."
We're really talking about continuation of what we have in our dynamic
business environment, not creating one. I would add "continue to" or
something to that effect. The Planning Commission one was more succinct
and good, but would be better with the addition of the sentence that Council
Member DuBois suggested to inject from the old Plan. I'm also concerned
on how we're going to be able to get through all the Goals. As I went
through them, I have one comment or another on a majority of the Goals.
That's a longer discussion. I don't see how we're going to get through that
tonight. We probably are going to need to talk about how we're going to
talk about them.
                                                                          Page 38 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
