                          TRANSCRIPT
a sense. Some of the buildings that were there in 1940 are still there, but
not many are left. Somewhere along the line, maybe 21 years ago, we
should have suggested that all of University Avenue is an historic district.
That's not going to happen now, I don't think. I don't know exactly how to
answer. Things come to us from Staff. Sometimes we as Board Members
see things happening around the neighborhood. Many times we don't hear
about it until it's torn down sometimes.

Mr. Bower: To follow up, Council Member Burt, on your question. I'm the
second youngest member of the Historic Resources Board. I've been there
nine years. We stick around. All of my tenure on the Board, throughout
that tenure, the only projects that ever came to the Board originated
through Staff. Some place in Planning there is a decision made to have the
Historic Resources Board review these projects, largely because they're
either in Professorville or in the Downtown Historic District. I don't have any
recollection of ever having a Board Member bring a project to the Board. We
discuss projects, but it's all generated by Staff.

Council Member Burt: I wouldn't expect too much otherwise in that regard.
It doesn't sound like you're aware of what are the objective criteria by which
a project does get referred to HRB.

Mr. Bower: You're absolutely right.

Council Member Burt: Maybe this is the most substantive outcome of this
meeting, if my colleagues agree, why there shouldn't be a topic for this year
of the HRB to work in discussions with Staff to formalize in a better way how
things get referred to the HRB and when they shouldn’t be.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: If I can
jump in for a minute. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. There is a
section of the Municipal Code that identifies the purview of the HRB. Staff
will use that to guide us in referring projects to the HRB. I would love to
note that there's a section in that list of duties of the HRB that says
essentially other duties as assigned. To the extent the Board and the
Council have agreed on a series of additional projects and things that the
HRB would be interested in working on this year, there's an opportunity to
have many more meetings. As Member Kohler indicated, you can quickly
devolve into a Board that meets very often if you're going to undertake new
surveys and inventories of historic properties. We'd be happy to work with
the Board to identify a reasonable work program that could be fit in along
with a review of those criteria that are in the Municipal Code that specify the
projects that we routinely refer to the Board.


                                                                         Page 16 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
