                              MINUTES
Susan Graf stated the Council did not understand what made a retail
business successful. Success was not based on a low cost per square foot.
Successful retail needed demographics, a concentrated diverse retail mix,
and a strong anchor whether housing or a hotel.

Robert Moss suggested adding El Camino Real as a commercial area that
needed protections. His data did not include the area north of Page Mill
Road, and was based on the area of the ground-floor buildings. Gross floor
area reduction in vacancies was down because 3850 El Camino was larger
than the other building. The Council should initially prevent conversion of
ground-floor retail to office. The 45-day period for an urgency ordinance
could be extended if the Council could not draft a traditional ordinance.
Jessica Roth asked the Council to continue efforts to preserve Downtown
areas. She wanted to maintain the uniqueness of California Avenue by
limiting the number of formula-operated businesses and encouraging
alternative retail.  Other cities had successfully limited the number of
formula retail businesses to 5-12 locations.

Jessica Roth asked the Council to continue efforts to preserve Downtown
areas. She wanted to maintain the uniqueness of California Avenue by
limiting the number of formula-operated businesses and encouraging
alternative retail.  Other cities had successfully limited the number of
formula retail businesses to 5-12 locations.

Judy Kleinberg suggested the Council use incredible care in extending
commercial zones and the ground-floor overlay.         The more retail was
diluted, the harder it was to create a pedestrian-friendly commercial zone.
The one common theme from California Avenue businesses was the need for
a parking garage.

Jeff Levinsky reported Palo Alto Neighborhoods (PAN) encouraged the
Council to preserve retail throughout the City. The Council should enact all
retail rather than solely ground-floor retail. The Council should require retail
space equivalent to space for ramps, stairwells, and elevators be added
elsewhere in the building. The 25 percent exemption for ground-floor office
should end. He encouraged the Council to eliminate fake retail.

Stephanie Munoz stated retail needed protection because offices made more
money for the owner. If permission for ground-floor office was granted for a
building and the building was demolished, the permission should be
rescinded. The Council should reduce or remove the replacement of retail
with office.

Mayor Holman requested Council Members speak to the interim ordinance.


04/06/2015                                                              117- 183
