                         TRANSCRIPT

months, probably early in the next year if not this year. Like I said, I could
flip a coin.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I agree with a lot of the comments that my
colleagues have made. First off, thank you to the community group. I don't
know who else here was on that. When I looked down the list of folks and
groups and organizations that were represented, it was no surprise to me
the high quality of the work. It's not a surprise that there was pretty much
unanimous agreement in the direction. It was such a great group. I was
surprised to see some of the names on there, because I know they're so
involved in so many other initiatives in town. Just another example of our
residents stepping up. Because of that, though, it so substantive and meaty
that it's kind of hard for us to digest without any context. It's great that
some meetings were on the calendar. Without knowing what the group is,
it's hard to figure out what events to go to and what meetings not to go to.
I would be okay with—this is an unorthodox process, but I would be okay
with passing it tonight similar to what Council Member Scharff said about
softening it. Then essentially referring it to Policy and Services after it's
passed for implementation. If it is softened, it makes it more vague and
makes it more aspirational and leaves a lot of the meat to still be put on the
bones of how we'd implement it. That conversation could happen at Policy
and Services. I don't know if I'm trying to have my cake and eat it too, but
that could be a way to kind of achieve both goals. On the whole, I think it's
a great idea. I was happy to support the goal my first year on Council when
it didn't succeed. I was happy to support it this year when it did succeed. I
think it's great work; it's just that we have to make sure that we do our due
diligence also as we go around adopting things.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I want to second the notion that it's a very impressive
stakeholder group you put together to help with us. I think what you've
come out with is reflective of the wide diversity of perspectives that you got
from them. I guess it leads to a fundamental issue of is this aspirational
where we're trying to say here's a whole range of things that we want to be
involved in and take into account. At the end, do we start setting priorities
of these are the two, three, four things that we ought to really put our
resources into and either improve or continue to move forward on. I guess
that leads me to say maybe it does make sense for the Staff to hear from
the Council tonight to do a redraft and come back, and then have the
                                                                        Page 70 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
