                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I would offer a friendly amendment to make it 2.5
megawatts to allow the Community Solar to fit.

Council Member Scharff: Why don't we just make Community Solar a
separate thing? We could give them up to a megawatt for Community Solar.
I'm fine with that. Just come back with a separate program.

Council Member DuBois: It's efficiency in meetings. Do we need to come
back or can we include it?

Council Member Scharff: They said that they were going to come back.
They can come back and talk about how to best structure Community Solar.
I don't think that has to be within this program. I don't think we're tying
their hands. There's no Community Solar on the table right now. The
vendor went away. It's going to be at least a year before we come back
with something.

Council Member DuBois: I was just factoring in my thinking the year and
the fact that we're talking about it, that it would fit right in this program.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, I see Staff nodding their heads in
acknowledgement of Council Member Scharff's comments.

Council Member Burt: Jane, what portion of our electricity is purchased by
residences versus businesses, ball park?

Ms. Ratchye: About 20 percent.

Council Member Burt: Just residences.

Ms. Ratchye: 15-20 percent residence.

Council Member Burt: Right now if we have the 3 megawatts, we'd be
subsidizing a maximum of $150,000 a year in the whole program. 20
percent of that would be subsidized by residents. If my math is right, that
would be $30,000 by residents. Divided by 65,000 residents roughly, that's
less than 50 cents per year per resident and less than a nickel a month.
We're getting in a frenzy over that? This is getting down a rat hole and the
concerns on that and saying how irresponsible this would be.           We're
spending a nickel a month for each resident to have a greatly expanded
community solar. I'm not going to support the amendment.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to agree with Council Member Scharff.
Community Solar, we don't even know exactly what it's going to look like
yet. We should deal with that separately. As far as the comments on a

                                                                         Page 54 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
