                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: If Greg doesn't, you don't get to weigh in on that.

Council Member Wolbach: It's now an unfriendly amendment with a second.

Mayor Holman:      It's an independent amendment.         You're looking for a
second.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I would second it.

Mayor Holman: Seconded by Council Member DuBois.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to highlight four priorities in descending order of priority:

A.    Dedicated funding for Caltrain grade separations in Palo Alto or North
      Santa Clara County and other Caltrain capacity improvements; and

B.    Bicycle and pedestrian improvements; and

C.    Better first and last mile service particularly in North Santa Clara
      County; and

D.    Support VTA’s plan to support transportation management
      associations and other transportation demand management measures.

Council Member DuBois: When I heard you read it, you were clear that
Number 1 was the top priority. I guess I would ask for maybe a friendly
clarification there that not only are these the top four, but that Number 1 is
kind of the real top.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. City Clerk, if we could add maybe the
language "in descending order of priority."

Council Member DuBois: Real quick, I am supporting the amendment. You
said a couple of things that I was wanting to say. I think creating the pool
money for trenching without specifying the amount, I think, that's what
Measure A in San Mateo County did very successfully. I think it's a good
blueprint. I'm a little bit concerned about like Number 4, TMAs, TDMs. I
think those are fine, I just don't think they're as capital intensive, and so I'm
not sure in terms of the relative amount of money, if that's actually enough
money to make it a priority. We have a huge list of these other projects.
Again, I would like to say that you're clear that the Caltrain trench is the
Number 1 priority. I'll support the amendment.

                                                                         Page 95 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
