                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yes, please.

Council Member Kniss: I'm troubled by this. It's one of the times that I
don't agree with Staff. This came to us in March. It came to us again at
Finance. We had a long discussion about it. Why didn't somebody say to us
where the 8,000 came from? We had a great, long discussion about $8,000.
A number of people are troubled in the community about $8,000. I find it
difficult to believe that we've done ten overlays and there has not been
anything charged, unless we're now saying cost fee recovery and therefore
we've got to go through a long policy of how much it is per house and so
forth. I am simply not following this. We took it up in Finance. We took it
up last week. We have now spent about four or five hours on this. To me, I
would say at this point, "Great. Have another long discussion on June 29th."
When the time comes, I'm going to vote to eliminate this fee and have it be
an even playing field for everybody in the community that wants to do this,
which is what we've done in the past. As Bob has pointed out—thank you,
Bob, for doing that work—it looks like 700, 750 houses are covered
currently. If that's what people want and if they qualify under the 60 or 70
percent rule, we should continue our policy from the past.

Ms. Gitelman: We've prepared a Staff Report which will go public this week
for the 29th. Obviously we have the same information that Mr. Moss has.
We talk about when the current fee for rezonings that totals about $8,000
was put in place and all of the information that Council requested at your
last discussion.

Council Member DuBois: I'll withdraw the motion and wait until the 29th.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Holman: City Clerk, going back to the main motion that we had from
last week.

Council Member Scharff: I was going to move the motion.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Mayor Holman: The motion that you're approving is the main motion that
approves the inclusion of the $50,000 for AEDs and Items A through G.
Correct?

Council Member Scharff: That's correct.




                                                                     Page 24 of 145
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/15/15
