                          TRANSCRIPT
research they've done on this and the success they've had at least initially in
getting the Downtown area a little less congested. I want to encourage the
final version of this plan to only require blocks in these new expanded areas
to opt in voluntarily, not be forced to opt in, so that the impact on, say, the
Hamilton blocks that we've heard of from other people tonight, those
neighbors can be part of this Program. I live on Boyce; we don't have that
problem yet. I certainly don't want to be forced to pay to park in front of my
house. I have a fundamental problem with having to pay to park on the
street in front of my house. I've lived here 65 years; I've owned my house
for 39. I remember when the City tried to stop parking on the streets in the
'70s, and it was not popular and was pulled back. There is a real problem
here, and I think the Staff is working in the right direction. Finally, the
businesses in Downtown that have reaped enormous benefits from the
popularity of this area really ought to be the ones paying the full cost of this
Program. Those of us residents who live in the surrounding areas don't
benefit from higher commercial rents.          We don't benefit from higher
commercial property values. The only way we recognize the increased
values of our houses is when we sell them. Since I'm not planning on selling
my house in this lifetime, I can't ever recognize that. Thank you for your
consideration of this.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Adina Levin, to be followed
by Herb Borock.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. Adina Levin, Friends of
Caltrain. First of all, congratulations on progress toward a Residential
Parking Permit Program that is really helping to alleviate the issues with
people being able to find parking on their street. Being able to extend the
zones to be able to address that problem seems like a good idea, which
brings to the question as to what problem is the RPP intended to solve. If
someone is a resident and they cannot find parking on their block, that is a
problem. Relieving that problem is a good goal. For folks who've read
Professor Shoup's The High Cost of Free Parking, a key principle there is that
if you have 15 percent or so free spaces on your block, you can find parking.
If that's the case, then the problem is indeed solved. Since that's the case,
it's not clear what benefit additionally would be gained by further and further
and further drawing down. It would cause issues for the businesses. If a
resident can find parking on their spot, you would think that hopefully that
would be enough.        In terms of helping to change the incentives for
transportation, I would suggest that using price signals over time and having
a concentric structure where the most popular spaces are priced at a higher
level and further out for people who are willing to walk are more price
sensitive. Utilizing those price signals to affect which people prefer to drive
and which people prefer to use other modes might be a better way to go
                                                                        Page 44 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
