                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We can leave it to Council Member Wolbach who had
mentioned earlier he wants to make a motion, but we still have Council
Member questions and comments.

Council Member Filseth: I actually wanted to make a motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach had already requested. You're
welcome to make an amendment or substitute motion later.    Council
Member DuBois, did you have questions or comments?

Council Member DuBois:      I was (inaudible) statement when we make the
motion.

Mayor Holman:       Council Member Scharff, did you have questions or
comments?

Council Member Scharff: No (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Back to you, Council Member Wolbach, to make a motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to move a referral of this Colleagues
Memo to the Planning and Transportation Commission.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to refer this matter to the Planning and Transportation Commission.

Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak any further to your motion, Council
Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. The Council did discuss this about a decade
ago. I think that it'll be useful for the PTC to consider the discussions that
were had at that time. I haven't included it in the motion, but I would
presume that those materials or synopsis of them would be made available
to the PTC, so they can consider some of the prior discussion and the
controversy around this very complex issue. I do appreciate the comments
from the public. Because this evening is only a referral and is a fulfillment of
something in the Housing Element that was just passed last year, I hope
that we haven't done anything to dissuade public participation. We're just
again initiating the conversation that we have already called for. The PTC
meetings, I expect there might be more than one about this. The public will
certainly be encouraged to participate. Whatever comes out at the PTC
would of course come to Council for further discussion. I'd be happy to talk
in great depth about why I think this is important beyond what is articulated
already in the Colleagues Memo, but in the interest of time, I will leave it at
that.

                                                                       Page 101 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
