                           TRANSCRIPT
and Cedric.     I'm happy to answer any questions folks have in your
discussion.

Troy Helming: Good evening, thank you. I'm Troy Helming, CEO of Pristine
Sun. We are the aforementioned vendor that was talked about, that is
planning on putting the solar projects on the City-owned parking garages. I
thought it was important that I give a few remarks. Obviously you know
what I'm going to say. The reduction negatively impacts the economics. We
would have to exercise our right to walk away from the projects. The IRR on
these projects barely meets the hurdle rate of our investors. Lowering the
energy by 60 percent obviously kills the project completely. I'm not a Palo
Alto resident. My family does own property here in Palo Alto. I live in
Oakland. Our company's based in San Francisco. I wanted to add a couple
more comments to the benefits. Locally produced energy, whether it's
residential or rooftop commercial—before I make the comments, I'll back up.
I've been doing this for 18 years. I've been developing renewable energy
projects since 1998. I'm one of the few veterans that's been doing this.
I've seen a lot, seen it all. We are the leading developer in the state of
California of small utility-scale projects. We have over 700 megawatts of
projects across the country that are going to start construction this year.
This particular project won't put us out of business if you lower the rate, but
it would definitely kill the project for us. We wouldn't be able to proceed
with it. We have invested already—I don't know the exact figures. I was
asking the team for that earlier today, but many tens of thousands of dollars
have already been invested in developing this project. Projects like this take
a while, two to three years to develop. Back to the benefits. Local energy
being produced. Yes, there's an avoided cost of energy that you could
procure from large power sources outside of the City. There are benefits
like, for instance, grid security. If there was a natural disaster or, goodness
gracious, a zombie apocalypse, the ability to produce some energy locally is
possible. The inverters can be configured to allow some of that energy to
flow to, say, EV chargers, if there was a gas shortage because of a natural
disaster, maybe a major earthquake or something. That's one of the many
benefits. Also, VAR support, frequency support and voltage support. In our
bid for this project, we included inverters that include those grid utility
interactive features. Those are already built into it, and those could be
utilized by the City utility folks if they wanted to utilize those features to help
stabilize the grid. In case you didn't know, there are also, I believe, 25 EV
chargers with two ports on each, so 50 EV chargers are included in this. Of
course, shade would be one more benefit of this project. If you have any
questions now or later, happy to take those.

Sandra Slater: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Sandra Slater,
and I’m here as a longtime Palo Alto resident and a concerned citizen. I've
                                                                             Page 25 of 56
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/27/15
