                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene asked if an Interim Ordinance applied in conjunction with parallel
efforts by the governing body to move toward a long-term decision would
aid a court in determining the Interim Ordinance was in reality an Interim
Ordinance.

Ms. Silver replied yes. There were two different statutory schemes for
Interim Ordinances. One was the City Council's ability to adopt an Interim
Ordinance, in which case the Council generally specified a timeframe. The
other legislative scheme, a moratorium, contained more specific statutory
requirements where the Council could only impose a moratorium for a
maximum of two years. In those cases, the courts looked closely at the
time period and the context of other actions taken by the Council in
connection with General Plan updates.

Council Member DuBois had heard community concerns about conversion of
basement retail space to office space. He inquired about protections the
Council could enact for retail in those situations.

Ms. Gitelman indicated protections for retail were a whole other subject.
The City could introduce a requirement for a Conditional Use Permit for office
development, which many jurisdictions did. Imposing a requirement for a
Use Permit for office development would create a potential to impose
conditions related to office employment densities.

Council Member DuBois asked if basement conversion would also be a
Conditional Use.

Ms. Gitelman was not speaking to basements specifically. If there was a
conversion from one land-use category to another land-use category and if
that new land-use category required a Use Permit, then it would have to
submit to the process and the Council could impose conditions.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the City could enforce a new
occupational permit when a new tenant moved into a building.

Ms. Gitelman would need to analyze that in detail. Staff had not found an
easy way to impose a new requirement on tenancy rather than use. Zoning
was generally around land uses, not tenancies.

Council Member DuBois asked if the Fire Code could be used in some cases.

Ms. Gitelman would need to review those issues in more detail.

Council Member Scharff suggested public speakers be allowed three minutes
because of the importance of the topic.


02/09/2015                                                             116- 468
