                         TRANSCRIPT
the Council to consider. Maybe if we can just accept this comment as
changing the cadence, whereas opposed to just jumping on one solution,
maybe we can spend more time on brainstorming that would maybe return
better results. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Commissioner Rosenblum.

Eric Rosenblum, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: First, thank
you for this opportunity and thank you for the feedback. I heard a bunch of
different things.      There's obviously some Council Members here who
expressed the view that they're very supportive of the current deliberation
and process and others that are really dismayed. As you said, the strongest
opinions you've voiced about a Board in the time that you've been serving.
Two of the examples that have been brought up by a number of people, I
think, are pretty revealing. By the way, this is my first time serving on a
Commission or Board. I've been executive management from a corporate
sense and I've served on boards from a corporate sense. Getting used to
this different style, I have my own criticisms. I look at myself sometimes in
our Minutes, and I shudder sometimes. I really want to do better. The two
examples that were brought up, first SSO. It was one of those meetings
that I think is instructive. Mayor Holman, you said that this can be brought
up as an example. I think it's a good example. I brought up the first point,
where I said, "I think this will be two minutes. It's clear. They've passed
the hurdle. What is there to discuss?" Our Chairman then brought it
further. Of course, we all want to go home. If it's easy, we should just go
home. He said, "This is interesting. It seems like the definition of these
tracts is very different. Is this one tract? You have some of these houses
that are larger and facing the street and seem to come from a completely
different style. They seem to support this much less. This other group has
smaller homes, and they're internally faced. They seem to support this with
great numbers. Are we talking about two different tracts? Can one tract
with a supermajority drag in another tract that may be less supportive and
subject them to these rules?" Mayor Holman, as you said earlier today, if it
were just about the quantitative numbers, we wouldn't have a hearing about
this. I even thought I would go home finally, said "You're probably right
about this. This is interesting. These are probably two different tracts." My
simplistic analysis of saying they've clearly met the (inaudible) rate may be
more complex. It went on like that. It's interesting to me. Again, from a
logical standpoint, I probably favor things that generally increase the
housing stock. Whenever we've had a single-story overlay come forward to
the Commission, I've been very supportive because, to me, it seemed very
clear. I'm a numbers guy. If they meet the numbers, I'm supportive. It
was one of those instances where my fellow Commissioners made me really
think about this and change my mind. I view this as instructive in many
                                                                         Page 59 of 132
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/30/15
