                         TRANSCRIPT
or the business park. That's who's going to get the real benefit from your
increasing traffic. Jobs, we already have three jobs for every employed
residence in town. New jobs don't necessarily help us. New businesses, if
you look at our property taxes, each year the share paid by nonresidents
goes down by one percentage point. As I think through the financial
impacts, I don't get it. I don't get why you're asking us. You say, "What
we're doing at I-280 and even at Foothill is going to be paid maybe by sales
taxes or some other tax form." That's the sales tax that maybe would help
us with undergrounding Caltrain. Why should we be spending it at 280,
filling up the business park and our own highways with more cars? There
are three dilemmas we have that you are challenging us with. I'd like to
hear if you have some answers to any of that.

Ms. Cameron: Generally we're going to take this mostly as comments and
concerns that you're expressing. That's part of why we're here tonight.
We're not asking for any decisions from you tonight, but more to have a
discussion and hear your concerns. At this point, we've identified potential
funding sources for at least partial funding. We understood that you did
have some traffic impact fees that were specifically related to El Camino Real
as well as Hanover. If you don't, you don't. We are planning to submit for
the sales tax and the VTA call for projects all the Tier 1 Expressway projects.
That includes the project on Hanover. That includes the El Camino Real.
We're going to put all of that in the hopper and see what can become
available. We're willing to do that if it's something Palo Alto wants to see us
do. In terms of who the improvements are serving, I have to fall back on
one thing. The County simply operates the Expressway. We operate it to
the best of ability in terms of the demand that happens on the Expressway.
The cities make the land use decisions. It's the land use decisions that
generate the trips. We will work with you in partnership to the best of our
ability to help you meet your goals of how we operate Page Mill.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I believe Stanford is directly working with the County,
so maybe you could help us with Stanford and the existing GUP.

Ms. Cameron: That's covering Stanford University only, as you know, the
Stanford lands that are not within the City of Palo Alto. As you said, the
County has an actual General Plan, Community Plan goal for Stanford that it
will generate no net new commute trips in the peak period. That was the
foundation of the approved GUP and would continue to be looked at
seriously for GUP amendments and changes.

Robert Neff: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I'm Robert Neff. I've bicycled in
and around Palo Alto for pleasure and recreation and transportation for a
long time. I've been a member of the Palo Alto Bike Advisory Committee for

                                                                         Page 10 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
