                         TRANSCRIPT
Fire Department for a community public health consultant to conduct a study
regarding the health risks for our residents based on demographics such as
age and use of Emergency Medical Services.             This budget adds one
Recreation Superintendent position to assist with the day-to-day operation
of the Recreation Division in the Community Services Department and the
coordination of special events. The Finance Committee and Staff are also
recommending to add $85,000 for special events funding. After operating
the Palo Alto Airport for nine months, this budget recommends adding one
Airport Operations Manager. With this staffing level, Public Works believes
that they can easily and successfully operate the airport from 7:00 A.M. to
9:00 P.M. 365 days per year. This summary is also contained in the at-
places memorandum before you. It was distributed to you as part of last
week's packet. It summarizes actions proposed by the Finance Committee
such as additional dollars for Council meeting meals as well as action
proposed by Staff and approved by the Finance Committee. Below on the
bottom part of the slide, you see the additional changes Staff is
recommending as part of the at-places memorandum. I would like, before
we move onto the next slide, to talk about what Mayor Holman mentioned
already today, then after Staff concludes the presentation, we'll open up to
Council questions and public comment. We ask for tentative approval of City
Council changes to this budget. We'll come back on June 15th for final
adoption of the Budget. Lastly, on the last slide, I would like to point out
some outstanding issues we would like you to be aware of. As you know, we
are in negotiations with Stanford concerning the continuation of the Fire
Services contract. This budget assumes a continuation of the current
contract and doesn't assume any reductions to revenues or staffing levels at
this time. Further, this budget assumes that the golf course closure will
start on January 1st. Based on the newest information available, we expect
this to be in spring 2016. We'd also like to bring to you, City Manager Keene
will talk to this shortly about additional Project Safety Net funding. Lastly,
the Finance Committee removed two pool cars from the Vehicle Fund
budget. These cars, we found out later, were assigned to Development
Services for Building Inspectors. We ask to reconsider this recommendation
from the Finance Committee and still come back as proposed in this Motion
today with a discussion of pool vehicle usage to the Finance Committee in
the fall. City Manager Keene, would you like to make additional comments?

James Keene, City Manager: If I can go over some of these facts again, so
that we're clear.     I'm sure the Finance Committee will speak more
specifically to some of the issues that came up before the Finance
Committee. The budget that the Council has before it has the original City
Manager's Proposed Budget, all of the changes from the Finance Committee
up and down and then these other outstanding issues. If I understand
correctly, before bringing up these issues on this chart right now, there is
                                                                        Page 16 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
