                         TRANSCRIPT
project, the first iteration, the second iteration, the third iteration. There
seems to have been a lot of changes that have been made. I might agree
with Council Member Scharff that maybe the ARB needs to weigh in on this,
but it seems like the applicant has made a lot of changes to the project.
Right?

Mr. Lait: Yeah.    I would say that's for the formal ARB application.              On
appeal, now ...

Council Member Berman: Got it. Got it. I'll save comments for that until
later. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Seeing that there aren't any other questions and comments,
everyone's got their questions and comments addressed, then we will go to
motions. Council Member Scharff, you're quick.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to move that we refer this project back to
the ARB to address the concerns that have been raised by Council during the
question and comment period, and that the ARB have a back-and-forth,
several meetings, and takes a vote on whether or not to recommend it to
Council.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Mayor Holman: Second by Council Member Berman.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to:

A.   Refer this project back to Architectural Review Board (ARB) to address
     concerns raised by the City Council; and

B.   Direct the ARB to vote whether to recommend project approval to the
     City Council.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Scharff, do you care to speak to your
motion?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I do. I'm not doing this to delay the project.
I want to make that clear to the applicant. This was the most tepid
endorsement I've seen from the ARB. I didn't feel comfortable that we have
a good endorsement. I think a number of Council Members have raised
concerns about compatibility and have raised concerns about the project. I
think you need to look at the project and address the concerns raised by
Council Members and get the ARB endorsement. I think that's really the
path forward on this. I think that would be the appropriate approach.
                                                                          Page 35 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
