                          TRANSCRIPT
people brought it up, if any street in Palo Alto is too narrow for a car to be
parked on the left and a car to be parked on the right and for two cars to
pass each other in the middle without people running serious risk of
sideswiping each other as they drive by each other or the cars, I think those
streets we should look at very seriously, either converting them to one-way
or moving parking on one side or the other entirely. The safety issues have
to be paramount. I would put that ahead of the parking issues actually.
Removing parking from one side is probably the easiest way to do that. On
the question of a total limit and the possible reduction over time, I guess I'm
at this point open to a total limit. I'm not 100 percent sure that 2,000 is the
right limit. I'm not prepared to say we need to start ramping down though.
I don't think that we're ready to make that decision yet. Again, I'm open to
a total cap, but I'm okay at least for now with saying we'll indefinitely leave
that cap. We can always reduce it over time if we decide too. I guess those
are really my key thoughts for right now. I guess I would just kind of step
back and summarize. We're really talking about parking for four groups.
Parking for residents who live in the Downtown area and neighborhoods
adjacent to Downtown. Parking for other residents in other parts of Palo
Alto who come to Downtown to shop and enjoy the services or come to the
City Council meetings or go to the movies. I'll wrap up real quick here.
Third group, nonresidents, people from other cities who come here to spend
their money and contribute to our economy and also to City revenues or visit
their friends and to go out for dinner in Downtown or whatever. Lastly but
not least, of course, parking for employees who, of course, are at various
income levels. The real challenge is how do we balance all four of those
groups, the Downtown residents, the residents from other neighborhoods in
Palo Alto, folks visiting from other towns, and the employees. Those are my
thoughts for the moment.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:                 Vice
Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Could I just clarify one point? Hillary Gitelman,
the Planning Director. Before this snowballs, I wanted to clarify. I think one
of the speakers and Council Member Wolbach just referred to potentially
forcing people to be part of the District. That is not our recommendation.
Our recommendation is where people have submitted petitions, they would
be included in the District. Then, we're proposing this kind of eligibility area
be established. In fact, it is that portion of our recommendation that would
necessitate returning to you with the Ordinance that creates RPP Districts. I

                                                                        Page 48 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
