                         TRANSCRIPT
Under the Palo Alto Green Program, people voluntarily chose to pay more
than the actual cost in order to be able to green up their supply. The
Community Solar Program, as I understand it, was a way to perhaps allow
people to participate and bundle into participation in owning shares of solar
collectively. I thought it was supposed to be pegged to be priced in the
same way as the Feed in Tariff program, is the pricing, so somebody has
that option. I'm guessing that we didn't think about saying, " Could I as a
former Palo Alto Green customer choose to elect to participate in a program
that would subsidize or pay towards the cost of this program?" I thought
the additional benefits of distributed local solar, symbolism, shade, whatever
it is, was worth paying some extra money. If that's what you're asking.

Mayor Holman:     That is what I'm asking and wishing I had thought of it
much earlier

Ms. Ratchye: I just wanted to mention that there were three programmatic
initiatives under the Local Solar Plan. One was the Community Solar. One
is a group buy program that's going on right now called Sun Shares. There's
been a huge amount of participation by Palo Altans in that program. Palo
Alto has about 45 percent of the total participation to date for 26 cities in
San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties. Palo Alto alone has 45 percent. What
that does is lower the price by buying solar. It's a great thing. It needs no
subsidy. The third program, the concept was a solar donation program that
would be potentially constructed similarly to how Palo Alto Green Program
was. It would be a voluntary contribution, maybe $5 or $10 a month. We
would build up money that would be donated, and then we would be able to
put solar installations on churches and nonprofit buildings, community
buildings. That's the third program that we will consider rolling out. We're
at the very beginning stages of developing that program. I think we talked
about this at one point when we were trying to transition Palo Alto Green to
something else. Maybe you're recalling that discussion.

Mayor Holman: Before I go to Council Member Burt for a motion, which he's
indicated he has, I have two Council Members who've turned on lights. I
have this simple question for each of you. Are they questions or were you
going to make other comments? If it's a question, I'll allow it before the
motion, because then you only speak to the motion.

Council Member DuBois: Everybody made comments, but me. I limited
myself to questions. I had a few comments that I was wanting to make
when we got to the comment portion of the evening.




                                                                         Page 40 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
