                         TRANSCRIPT
know what these people charge these days. I think that would be a very
worthwhile investment from the City, to have someone that's really capable
and competent on how to manage a construction project. I just wanted to
give that as my two cents.

Mr. Sartor: Let me just—the position we're proposing is more of a manager
of the IMS system itself. It's not building a building.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I thought.

Mr. Sartor: What we do plan to do is bring on expert help for construction
management. We do have construction manager contracts typically for our
projects. Now, the Mitchell Library was fraught with a number of issues
including our construction manager. On the other hand, we had an excellent
construction manager on the Rinconada Library, the Art Center project, the
Downtown Library, those kinds of projects. We do intend to bring on that
kind of expertise.

Mr. Eggleston: If I could add just a little bit to that. Mike was mentioning
the Project Manager for construction management on the construction of the
project itself. The other thing we've been discussing for some of these
complex projects like the Public Safety Building is bringing some very expert
consulting help on earlier in the process during the design and planning
process for the project. We've been having discussions that we can really
avoid future problems by good planning at that stage.

Council Member Scharff: I think that's all well and good. I think we should
do all of that. I'm just really raising the question that when there's some
issue in the field and the contractor says he wants this change order—that's
what happened at Mitchell Park. We did not have the in-house expertise to
say, "Wait a minute, guys. That's a problem," or "There's only 15 people out
there. You really should have 30 people on a crew. I've done a hundred of
these buildings." I'm just saying I don't think we had that expertise. That
expertise is relatively cheap as a person to hire comparatively for the cost
overruns and the problems you can get into. I really don't want to see us
have the problems with this construction stuff.

Mr. Shikada: I think we all share that. Perhaps just the last to mention. I
would add something of a recognition of the necessity, given this program,
of what we'll call a culture of project management, and one that would
certainly be embodied in a construction manager but also on the project
team that's working through design, working through the scoping in some
ways as well, and the bidding process. Any or all of those, as the City
Manager pointed out, the primary enemy to effective project management is
time. Having the discipline to work through the differing phases of a project
                                                                       Page 21 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
