                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:       The next page, packet page 999, Mitigation Measure
Number 11, Mitigation Measure C-1. This has to do with construction dust.
This impact is considered potentially significant, but normally mitigated by
implementing the following control measures. I'd like to change "normally"
to "shall be mitigated." It's passive the way it's stated currently. "Shall be"
or "will be," whatever the City Attorney recommends. Do you see what I'm
saying?

Council Member Scharff: I don't. I'm sorry.

Mayor Holman: Number 11, the last sentence in Number 11. We're talking
again about dust impacts during construction.        It says this impact is
considered potentially significant, but normally mitigated by implementing
the following control measures. It doesn't make any requirement on the
applicant whatsoever. I'm saying let's change "normally" to "shall be
mitigated."

Council Member Scharff: Any issues with that? It's good. Let's do it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part F, “Number 11, last
sentence change ‘but normally mitigated’ to ‘but shall be mitigated.’”

Mayor Holman: Trees, packet page 1003, Number 26. Two things here.
This is on the Page Mill frontage. This is again Number 26. There are nine
existing oak trees, blah blah blah. We're only replacing it with five trees, so
we're losing trees. Earlier we talked about the screen trees in the back.
Even though they're on the plans, I don't find them in the conditions of
approval anywhere. It also does not say anywhere here—it's in the Staff
Report somewhere, but not in the conditions of approval—that all proposed
trees on the plan shall be maintained for the life of the project, which also
would be necessary in order to provide screen for the neighbors. It would
be for the life of the project.

Council Member Scharff: Or replacement trees, right? Trees can die.

Mayor Holman:       Yeah.   Maintain meaning you'd maintain trees, not
necessarily that same exact tree.

Ms. Gitelman: We can add that to one of these conditions on page 1003 or
add another condition in there somewhere.

Mayor Holman: That would be all trees proposed on the plans. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah.

                                                                       Page 142 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
