                         TRANSCRIPT
been terrific to have your summary sheets available to every attendee at the
Summit to ask questions. Where are we going? Where are we coming
from? June 1st is late. I would urge you to set a date of January 1st, late
December or early January, so that these cycles of planning and thinking of
our budget and our future, this becomes an essential ingredient, one of the
first ingredients in that process. The second thing I did immediately on
getting this was to look through your performance measures for each of the
departments, and then look at the survey and say how are those connected.
It's quite obvious from the survey that three issues have come up as
identified problems for the residents: traffic, parking, land use. I looked
through the indicators you have, and there's a dearth of indicators on those.
How do we measure them? What departments or what non-departments
should be looking at them? There's only one place I could find an indicator,
and that's on page 37 of the Performance Report. The indicator there is
number of monitored intersections. I said, "Good. Here's a trend on how
traffic has been in the City." All of a sudden, you have in Fiscal Year '14 a
dramatically different number. The question is what does that number
mean. Is that a consistent series? Are they measuring something different?
Did they all of a sudden respond to the popular discontent? Where did that
number come from and how is it part of a series? What's going to come
next year?

Ms. Richardson: There's a footnote with that number that says it came from
the draft Comprehensive Plan Existing Conditions Report. I don't know if
there's someone here from Planning who can address that a little bit better.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Is that consistent with all the past reports we have or is
that something new? Will that be a bedrock for our future surveys?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Vice Mayor Schmid. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. Let me
respond to that if I can. We have over time as a department tried to collect
data to reflect the performance at key intersections. Just looking back at
this ten years of data, we've never been terribly consistent about which
intersections. What you see in the last year is for the Comprehensive Plan
Update, we chose 13 of the most potentially impacted intersections to
monitor. You're seeing 6 out of 13 that were deficient as opposed to the
year before when we monitored more intersections because we were
collecting data to try and calibrate a Citywide model. In that instance, we
found that a smaller percentage were deficient. These things are going to
fluctuate each year. What my Staff and I would like to do is in future get
consistent, maybe not on an annual basis—this is costly and time consuming
to collect this data—but certainly on a biannual basis to monitor this same
set of intersections so we can track these changes over time.
                                                                      Page 12 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
