                          TRANSCRIPT
that for an HIE, that type of a project is retaining 75 percent of the home. If
that starts bleeding into 50 percent, that's not qualifying for the HIE
anymore. If it's 25 percent, that now goes into 26, 27, 28 percent because
you've got dry rot that is documented, we can work with that. It's the
project creep that we need to be mindful about and that we try to control.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I'm not sure I agree that if you tear
down—if you take off the walls but you rebuild your house exactly the way it
was because you've replaced the wood because the wood was rotten, are
you not really encouraging keeping the existing house?

Mr. Lait: Again, I ...

Council Member Scharff: If it looks like the same when you put it back ...

Mr. Lait: Again, I ...

Council Member Scharff: ... like you open it up, you put it back. Why is that
a—I don't understand why that's a negative. I don't understand why there's
any issue there, I guess. This may not be—what you're really telling me—
think about it so I understand it. This has not been a problem. In looking at
the other one, you saw this in here and you decided to set a clear standard
because, at some point, this could be a problem. I raised the issue of dry
rot, and I guess I haven't gotten a clear answer. If someone finds a bunch
of dry rot in their house and they're doing an HIE, does that mean they have
to stop fixing that dry rot? Often dry rot goes like this. You start with a
small amount, you hope it's contained, you open the wall, and it just keeps
continuing, and then your contractor says you might as well take off the
whole wall and fix it while I'm out here. Otherwise, there's no other way to
fix it and it'll continue to rot. If you don't fix it, it's a problem. I guess I'm
trying to figure out—it's not safe to have houses that are falling apart
internally.

Mr. Lait: Just a brief response. I think that those are great questions that
really we need to hash out when we talk about the Attachment E-1. We
don't see that problem with HIEs.

Council Member Scharff: If I approve this now and we come to a different
conclusion on the other one, how does that affect my voting on this now?

Mr. Lait: I would say it doesn't have any effect, because we're just ...

Male: (inaudible) isn't a practice.

Council Member Scharff: I'll let someone else talk.

                                                                          Page 51 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 12/7/15
