                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Likewise.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “safety from dangerous
climate impacts, such as, but not limited to sea level rise and fire risk.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, I believe you'd put your light on.

Council Member DuBois: Not really amendments, but comments. I did want
to clarify. I thought there are some elements in the Community Service
Element that belong in Safety. I think the last sentence of the vision from
natural elements could be a nice Vision Statement for the Safety Element. I
am sure, given the members of the CAC, you'll talk a lot about emergency
prep and things related to that.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to add that to the list just to make sure we've
covered it?

Council Member DuBois: I think those are the elements in the Community
Service Element.

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to go back and check, but I think all of that is in
there. I'm sure, as you're saying, the CAC members will ensure that it's a
robust set of ...

Mayor Holman: If I could, though, Council Member DuBois. If you would
add it, that way the CAC gets the clear message that Council supports that.

Council Member DuBois: If you want to propose language just to—I think
it's kind of clear. The Safety Element will include emergency preparation
and coordination with citizens.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, are you good with that? Likewise.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “the Safety Element will
include emergency preparation and coordination with citizens.”

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights. I think it's rather understood
here from safe and secure water supply, for instance. There's nothing
discrete here that talks about terrorism or outside threat. Just to be clear,
I'd like to add that. Just that protection from outside threat or terrorism.
Vice Mayor Schmid, are you okay with that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

                                                                       Page 64 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
