                          TRANSCRIPT
want to meet their needs. Looking a little further east, getting into the Palo
Alto section of Page Mill. The Palo Alto section of Page Mill is from Foothill
Expressway all the way to 101 and is within the Palo Alto incorporated area.
There are traffic congestion problems between Foothill and El Camino Real.
Specific areas of concern are mainly the Hanover intersection. There are
other areas along the way where the demand to make left turns off Page Mill
overfills the left-turn queue pocket and then spills back into the through
lanes, now blocking cars trying to travel through, which creates operational
problems, safety concerns and congestion. At El Camino Real, it's been long
in both Palo Alto's and our plans to make certain improvements at the El
Camino Real intersection. We took advantage of the study to further define
what those could look like and how they could fit within the existing right-of-
way constraints. These are the maps we presented a year ago. They're still
true today. The far left one presents the level of service back in 2003. The
middle was the conditions we looked at in 2013. The one to the right are
the conditions in 2025 projected, if we make no improvements to Page Mill
whatsoever. This is based upon your City's own growth plans as well as
other growth plans of neighboring cities and so on, in terms of the demand
that they could create on the expressway. The easy way to read this chart
is like a stoplight. If it's red, it's Level of Service F, which means it's stop-
and-go traffic, it's highly congested, and it's difficult to get through. Yellow
means you're running around Level of Service E, which is severe congestion,
quite a bit of stop-and-go but it's not failed. Blue is better and green means
go. The bulls eye referenced an intersection that's Level of Service F. This
intersection of Foothill and Page Mill has been at Level of Service F for over
15 years. When we took the analysis in 2013, we discovered it's now the
third worst intersection on the entire County Expressway System. Please
understand there are 145 signal light intersections. It is the third worst one
in terms of delay and congestion. This is what we were looking at in terms
of existing conditions as we moved forward on the study. You will note in
the study that we tried to look at travel patterns, land use growth plans. We
wanted a sense of where people were coming from and where they were
going, so that when we identified improvements and studied them, we were
identifying the right improvements. This chart shows you the fatter arrows
where you have the higher demand and volume. As they get skinnier, the
number of cars is decreasing. This is just in A.M. conditions eastbound and
then westbound. Basically this shows no surprise, that cars getting off of
280 are heading eastbound. Demand starts to drop off when you hit
Stanford Research Park quite a bit. By the time you hit El Camino Real, it's
equalized. In the other direction, westbound, the demand is coming off of
101, that's where your peak demand is coming in the morning. It starts to
peak again as you start to approach Middlefield and El Camino and then falls
off. What this is telling you and what this chart is showing for both A.M. and
P.M. is that the primary generation of traffic demand along Page Mill is to
                                                                            Page 3 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
