                          TRANSCRIPT
and for Council Members. We really work hard—I understand how these
things happen—to keep that process a priority, not easily subject to bumping
or rescheduling. Somebody at your end be assigned—it'd be great if it's
Suzanne or perhaps your Human Resources (HR) Director—to really be the
project manager and the process owner for the City. It was really very
important that once the City Manager assigned Suzanne to work with me,
we were really able to start stabilizing the process. Even though you have
great consultants, whether MRG or whoever you bring in as a consultant,
there should always be a process owner on the City's side. We would
recommend that.

Council Member Kniss: That's helpful to know, Deb.

Ms. Figone: I really do recommend it. Too often cities—I'll just say this
globally—including the cities that I ran, think that consultants are going to
come in and expect them to be like Staff. That's usually a big mistake.
There needs to be a process owner that can work with the consultant and
help to run interference for the consultant. Finally, I would recommend—we
could certainly work to tighten this up—to be realistic, we launch by June 1st
and by November 30th, decisions are made about compensation, evaluations
are signed, and the process is done.

Council Member Kniss: I'm looking over at Beth and seeing if she's looking
cheerful about that or not. The scheduling part is tough; it really is.

Ms. Figone: Beth was instrumental in helping us to schedule. She really
was. With the polling and the doodling. I learned all kinds of new things.
Very, very helpful Staff.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could I make a comment on the schedule? I found it
very uncomfortable that we were doing final evaluations at the end of
September, three months after the year we were evaluating. Lots of things
had happened since that time. To try and put yourself in the position of let's
pretend nothing happened since the end of June is a difficult situation. Is
there any way of—part of that is there's this month off at the beginning of
the process. Is there any way to work around that, so we can ...

Ms. Figone: Tighten it up?

Vice Mayor Schmid: ... chop at least a month off?

Ms. Figone: I think so.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Maybe some of the evaluations could be started in late
June, the feedback.
                                                                                    Page 20 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
