                         TRANSCRIPT
of the Vision Statements throughout the book. The idea of the quantitative
look at the issues is important. As we start to get the results of the Draft
EIR analysis and the fiscal analysis, we're going to be able to give the
Council and the community the ability to do this in a more refined way.
Hopefully we can work with you, those of you who are interested in it, in
finding a way to make it a useful tool in defining choices. We won't have all
of the quantitative information in time for the Summit. The Summit is
intended to be a discussion where we start to talk about some of these
tradeoffs and issues that we face. We want to get beyond it's got to be this
way or it's got to be that way, and talk about these ideas and how they
relate to each other with some richness in the discussion. There was a
couple of references to coordinated area plans. I wanted to clarify that the
Concept Plans for East Meadow Circle and the California Avenue area are
policy and goal plans, so they don't get to the level of detail as a
Coordinated Area Plan. I expect, as I hear many of you do, that the updated
Comprehensive Plan will include policies and implementation programs
calling for more detailed planning. In Mountain View they're called Precise
Plans; here they're called Coordinated Area Plans; in State law they're called
Specific Plans. We've heard that from the community and from the Council
on several occasions and expect that that will be something we see
developed further in the Comprehensive Plan Update. With that, I'll stop.
Happy, of course, to hear more comments and suggestions.

Council Member DuBois: That's a good round one. Thank you for taking all
those notes. You asked a few items I'll react to, and then I'll get into
visions. The idea of open source community versus standard community.
I'd be willing to try the open source community if we could have some very
strong incentives to get people to come to all the meetings, so we'd have
continuity. It's worth some thinking. We have over 300 people currently
signed up for the Summit. How can we keep that number up? Maybe that's
going to be impossible, but that's a really good goal. Maybe if we agree to
try the open source system and we don't see enough consistency, maybe we
have to figure out how to readjust mid-course. Let's try it but, if it's not
working, let's not keep going. You also asked the question about whether
we should expand the period of time for community input. We need to allow
flexibility based on feedback. I'd like to see us be quality driven instead of
time driven. That can be hard to measure, I agree. Rather than seeing us
locked into a schedule, we need to listen to the community. We should
consider additional tools for community input. Again, I'll make a plug for
some kind of online weighting tool for the goals, forcing people to make
tradeoffs, maybe allocating points. Ideally if we could collect that data by
neighborhood, it'd be interesting to see how people are weighing in on the
vision for the whole City by neighborhood. Something like Eric's quantitative
impact tool, the same thing. If we could put that online, we need to make it
                                                                         Page 35 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
