                         TRANSCRIPT
owner's comments regarding the first draft of the Council's Adoption of
Findings and Final Decision. Since that time, Ms. Stump has sent a letter on
Thursday to legal counsel suggesting a peer review system for David
Beccaria updates to the appraisal. Today she sent another draft of the
Adoption of Findings and Final Decision. What I would like to address briefly
and to repeat is, I remain of the view that what the Council is contemplating
is to unilaterally amend the terms of the Ordinance. There is no process in
the Ordinance whatsoever for a resident to appeal the amount of his or her
appraisal. By the way, for clarification there would be 98 appraisals done. I
don't know where Mr. Zahradka gets 117, but there are 98 homes at issue.
Other local Ordinances do have such a process. For example, your neighbor,
the City of Sunnyvale has such a process in its original ordinance which was
adopted in the mid-1980s and remains in the ordinance which was
readopted in December 2012. That kind of provision is incorporated into a
number of mobile home park conversion Ordinances in jurisdictions
throughout the state of California. It is not in Palo Alto's Ordinance. Now as
of tonight, the Council proposes to amend the Ordinance to not only include
a peer review process, whereby a second appraiser reviews the updates by
David Beccaria, but one in which if a homeowner disagrees with the second
appraiser, he or she can appeal the updated appraisal to the Hearing Officer.
Such a process, which Mr. Zahradka suggests now be enlarged to include
every element of mitigation assistance, creates a situation in which there is
no downside risk for a homeowner to appeal Beccaria's decision of updated
value.     This is a pretext for discrimination against the park owner.
Therefore, every single appraisal done by Beccaria will no doubt be subject
to peer review at the City's expense and then written arguments will be
submitted by both sides, and finally a decision of the Hearing Officer will be
made. As we have stated in our counsel comments, the park owner, who
has already paid Mr. Labadie the sum of $50,000 for his services in this
matter, has no intention of paying the Hearing Officer for this process, of
which it objects, to rule on 98 separate appraisals. This is not an additional
consideration called for by the language of Section 9.76.040 of the
Ordinance. This is an entirely new process which adds layers of expense and
bureaucracy. We would not be here were it not for the park owner's
voluntary amendment to the RIR one year ago on May 14, 2014 in which the
park owner, in response to resident testimony, offered to update the
appraisals. I'm sure the Council is very happy about this; this is my last
opportunity, I hope, to address this Council. The park owner wishes to be
heard on the matter of the City's interference with the appeal process and
the lack of procedural due process and unbiased hearing of this appeal. In
order to do that, one must begin with the initial adoption of this Ordinance
which included rent control for the park owner and the adoption of a
Conversion Ordinance with respect to a single park owner in the park. As

                                                                       Page 14 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/26/15
