                             MINUTES
considered services offered by the nonprofit and private sector to ensure the
City did not undercut private and nonprofit services while maximizing the
City's revenues. The policy statement was deliberately broad to allow
flexibility in subsidizing fees. Some City services were consistently in high
demand; therefore, higher fees would not negatively affect enrollment.
Classes with low attendance incurred the same fixed costs; therefore, they
might require a General Fund subsidy. The City should remain in healthy
competition with the nonprofit and private sectors by not charging
substantially above or below the competitive rate for similar services.
Alignment with this policy statement most likely would result in a higher cost
recovery level. Based on the Council's feedback regarding the draft policy,
Staff would refine the policy and return it to the Council for adoption. As
part of the annual budget process, the adopted policy would guide potential
fee increases. Any substantive increase of fees would be phased in over
several years. An alignment of fees would ensure the City continued to have
a balanced revenue portfolio.

Council Member Burt wanted to understand the balance between cost of
service recovery, particularly for youth programs, and providing youth
programs for those who could not afford them.

Mr. Rossmann indicated the Council should first consider enrollment. The
City offered a discount for low-income youth. Then the Council should
balance City classes against classes offered by nonprofit and private sectors.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff knew whether youth of modest incomes
were being excluded from programs. He was aware that the City subsidized
enrollment for low-income families. He asked if Staff could survey low-
income families to determine whether they did not participate in youth
programs because they did not qualify for scholarships, were unaware of
scholarships, or suffered from stigma.

Rob De Geus, Community Services Director, did not have a good grasp of
information to answer that question. The City provided a generous fee
reduction program which allowed $300 per person in a family annually.
Many teen programs were provided at low cost or no cost. The fee reduction
program was heavily used annually, but he did not know if a need remained
in the community.

Council Member Burt felt heavy use of the fee reduction program meant it
was attractive, not that it was provided to the full spectrum of youth.
Perhaps better sampling could be obtained through nonprofit housing
agencies surveying their families or through a Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD) list of families qualifying for support. The Council had no


04/06/2015                                                             117- 160
