                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt the proposed urgency interim Ordinance to prevent the
conversion of ground floor retail and retail-like uses to other uses citywide.
Council Member Scharff: This is going to come back to us in 45 days. My
question is if we're going to think about this some more and stuff, we have
the 45 days to think about that. That's a good thing. We have another,
what, up to two years, right?

Ms. Silver: Yes, you can extend it for up to two years.

Mayor Holman: Can I interject here? I'd asked the question previously and
this might help inform your Motion is why I'm interjecting here. I had
understood that there's no allowance to amend an Interim Ordinance. It can
be extended but not amended. Is that correct? Did I understand that
correctly from my prior question?

Ms. Silver: Thank you, Mayor Holman. There is a safe harbor provision in
Government Code 65858 which allows the Council to extend Interim
Ordinances. It does not expressly allow Amendment. The safest course
would be to just extend the Ordinance, not amend it.

Council Member Scharff: If we're going to add additional categories, then
you're saying we should do it tonight?

Ms. Silver: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: That's different than what I thought.

Ms. Stump: Council Member Scharff, I would like to add one thing. We are
bringing a regular Ordinance through the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC).    That might be a place where the P&TC might
recommend or this Council might in fact make some changes or tweaks or
adjustments.

Mayor Holman: Again, to help inform our action tonight. Pardon me,
Council Member Scharff. Because it has to go to the Planning Commission,
what would the timing on that be approximately?

Ms. Silver: We plan to bring that to the Planning Commission in, I believe,
June and then to the Council, it will probably be after your break, in August.
That needs to go for first and second reading.

Council Member Scharff: There have been a lot of things that have been
raised here tonight, particularly Council Member Burt's comments regarding
if we get to a point where we have a change in tenancy as opposed to a
                                                                         Page 33 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
