                          TRANSCRIPT
double check. I'd propose a friendly amendment actually, that everything
after the word "ordinance" in the motion be dropped, because it's redundant
based on what we've already done. Let me say that I definitely appreciate
all of the input we've heard. We had heard from restaurateurs and the
restaurant association previously. I think that the depiction of this as more
complicated than we anticipated is not accurate. I think we have considered
these issues. I think we'll be continuing to discuss them regardless. I do
think that, for the record, exempting all employees who might be eligible for
a tip is a very terrible idea, but look forward to discussing it in the future as
was already planned by (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you accept the amendment?

Council Member Scharff: I see nothing friendly in that amendment.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it then.
AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to remove from the Motion, “and direct the Policy and
Services Committee to discuss exploring the option of excluding tipped
employees as soon as possible.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, do you need to speak further to
your motion, your amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: No, I think I already have.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman?

Council Member Berman: Council Member Wolbach said, I think, much more
politely what I was thinking, which is this isn't—I want to make sure we
don't throw Staff under the bus for something they've done. Staff did
outreach to the business community.          I've had numerous pleasant
conversations with Mr. Ekwall, and I look forward to numerous more
pleasant conversations with him in the future. We've heard from the
representative from the California Restaurant Association numerous times. I
always appreciate what she comes to say. This isn't something that folks
woke up yesterday and said, "Wait a second. What's going on here?" We
did have a conversation about this at Policy and Services. We did have a
conversation about this in our Council meeting. We included in the motion
that we would come back to Policy and Services not just to discuss tipped
workers as an exemption, but numerous other possibilities. We heard from
numerous other industries that there might be unintended consequences to
this, and we need to make sure that we have a thorough, deliberate
conversation about it before moving forward. I'm uncomfortable with the

                                                                         Page 58 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
