                         TRANSCRIPT
colleagues. Staff identified on page 20 some of the things where it looks like
funding is going to go. One thing mentioned in page 20, Item 4, was San
Antonio and US 101 interchange improvements.             This just raises the
question for me whether we should put our new planned bike/pedestrian
bridge on hold while we see what they're doing there. If the new San
Antonio interchange is getting redone and they're going to improve bike and
pedestrian access through the San Antonio bridge, it calls into question
whether we want to be spending our money on a potentially escalating cost,
big project with our own bridge. I know that's not going to be a popular
comment either on this dais or in the community, but I'm curious to hear
more about what's going on with that bridge. I'm curious what's happening
with Item 4 on our list of our top priorities, which is we want to support
something that VTA said they were putting in themselves. I'm curious how
much traction it's getting. That is, for VTA to really focus on supporting
transit management associations and other TDM measures around the
county. Also, I'd like to point out if we do pass our own, say, 1/2-cent sales
tax and the County passes its own, Staff points this out, the Legislature
could pass a bill allowing us locally, and Santa Clara County, to go above the
overall cap. I didn't check if it was signed or not, but there was a bill from
Senator Hill for San Mateo and Santa Cruz Counties to do that. They could
do that for us whether that was something we wanted them to do or
whether it's advocating for that. As far as what it takes to get our support,
one other thing I think we should maybe be clear about—I'll just wrap up
real quickly. As far as getting the businesses in North County to support us
in spreading the message about how important Caltrain is, we're really
starting to get a handle on the future of our planning. The traffic issues, the
housing issues, etc., trying to get a balance on the future of our community
and the future of our area. The lack of balance has really been driving a lot
of the anti-business climate locally. That's raised a lot of concerns among
folks like the Leadership Group. Frankly, if they think there's been an anti-
business sentiment recently in North County, they should see what it'll look
like if Caltrain doesn't get the grade separations and the other
improvements that we're going to need. I hope that that's not lost on the
business community at large in the region.

Council Member DuBois: On San Antonio, I think we've seen the County
plans. I think that was mainly things like entryway for cars to go south on
San Antonio. Is that right? Anyways, I think it was part of the County
highway plan. I think they showed plans for that. It wasn't Complete Street
or anything; it was a freeway. Talking about money for Caltrain, I don't
want it to get lost that Caltrain requested about $700 million for other
improvements, nothing to do with grade seps. I don't think those go away.
That was electric engines, longer platforms, certain bridges and other
improvements, maintenance. When we talk about 700 to $1 billion for
                                                                         Page 54 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
