                         TRANSCRIPT
recall all four of them being here at this sort of meeting. You have a plan to
have follow-up interviews, debriefs.

Ms. Figone: We'd be happy to do that. We're going to be debriefing with
Suzanne later. Certainly, Mr. Chair, if you want to spend some time to get
the CAOs' feedback today ...

Council Member Kniss: I would like to do that.

Chair Burt: Yeah. We don't have time to have the deeper conversation, but
I think it might be informative in our own discussion today to hear that.

Council Member Kniss: I do too.

Ms. Figone: Maybe to help you with time management, I was going to just
cover the yellow matrix briefly. We've covered a lot of the priority areas and
the timeline. If you want to open it up to the CAOs, would that be a good
way to do that?

Chair Burt: Sure.

Ms. Figone: Moving on, let's talk about Section 2, Page 6 of the Report,
which pretty much takes us through the yellow matrix. I think I've covered
a lot of the round already, so just go to the beginning. As I mentioned, Step
1 has four pieces, four types of input, that start the process. I've already
talked a lot about the direct report piece of that, that we recommend every
other year. That's Item 1b. You've talked a little bit about the online
survey. The online survey, I think, is a good standardized approach, a
starting point.    That alone isn't enough.      The idea was to have the
standardized survey, room for ratings, room for comments, and then a one-
on-one interview. For those who really couldn't get to the online survey,
that happens, you at least get face time and get to talk to the Council
Member. What I would do differently next year is I'd use the online survey
as the basis for the one-on-one conversation, especially for those who didn't
get to respond to it online, so that it could start capturing that data in a
consistent way. The style's going to change depending on who you're
talking to. That's where we need to stay flexible. The other piece we
haven't commented on. It's the CAO self-assessment. I always found that
very helpful for me, when I was a city manager. I provided some guidelines,
optional, for the CAOs. They found those useful, I think. I range of Motion
they each turned in a pretty thoughtful piece that hopefully was useful to
you. The second item on the yellow matrix. If you have any more feedback
about Item 1, that package, we're glad to hear it. Item 2, let me just say,
was a timing item that we plugged into the matrix at the time. That was
MRG updating the compensation survey that the City had always done. That
                                                                                    Page 16 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
