                          TRASNCRIPT
good work here. I did find the Staff Report a little lacking. It really wasn't
clear what questions you wanted us to address. I think more info on the
survey would be good. I happened to see some of that, and I think we hit
on it. It seemed like bathrooms and dog parks were pretty high up there.
On the principles, I agree it would be good to include something about
nature. I just wonder was that discussed and what was the discussion.

Mr. Mottau: It has been discussed. It's an idea that's been floating around.
It's not so much that there's not a recognition that nature is a critical part of
this system as kind of where the most effective statement of it sits. There's
a variety of actions that are very focused in that direction. When you guys
get a chance to look at the prioritization exercise, it kind of starts to frame
the next step of what those actions might look like. One of those areas of
action that we're seeing is really about integrating nature into Palo Alto
parks, kind of across the system. We've talked about that as being one of
the messages that we heard really clearly. It has been a discussion. The
PRC members and we have had some pretty lively discussion about whether
it is something that weaves through several of these different principles or if
it is something that gets called out on its own. Ultimately where we were
falling out was at the principle level it made sense that it is actually woven
into a couple of different places and that they address that as well.

Ms. Schmitt: One of the things that came out very strongly from the public
was this idea that you have wonderful preserves and people really
appreciate those, but they want to see more and they want to see it integral
in the system and they want to see the programming and activation, maybe
not just in a building but out more in the parks. Really thinking about how
all of these features work together, that is the direction that's reflected in
these principles. It's been us, Staff and PRC working together which is why
it's time to get some other perspectives about is that the right direction.
That is where we landed.

Council Member DuBois: My two cents, I think I'd echo Council Member Burt
in that they don't need to compete against each other. I too find balanced
to be a reasonable principle, but I also think words are important and maybe
making nature explicit on this list would be a good thing as well. The Parks
and Rec Commission had sent us a memo, and there was a little bit of
discussion about our falling behind our goal for the amount of parks per
resident. Is the plan to have some ideas on how we could either acquire,
expand our larger parks? I think the larger parks are critical, not just the
pocket parks, as a source for new parkland.

Mr. Mottau: I think the discussion around the map of park access was an
important one in that the first step of identifying where it would be that you

                                                                         Page 28 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
