                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: That requires a formal written interpretation?

Mayor Holman: Requires a formal written interpretation, that's the language
that's in the proposed language here.

Mr. Lait: I might even say when the formal written interpretation as
required by 18.01.025 is required for a project, that we include that in the
Staff Report. That's the new section that we're adding.

Council Member DuBois: I'm okay with that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure I'm okay with it. I'm not clear on
something. It seems a little bit redundant. Which Staff Report is it that
you're talking about?

Mayor Holman: A project Staff Report. When a project Staff Report is
written that requires a formal written interpretation as referenced in
18.01.025 then description of that determination will be called out in the
Staff Report.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I'm just not sure that that needs to go in
our Motion tonight or that it needs to go in our ordinance. I guess I would
hope that it would be included in the Staff Report anyway as an attachment.
If it's felt that we need to include that in our Motion tonight in order to make
sure that future Staff Reports include an attachment of that written
interpretation, I guess that's fine. I just want to make sure that we're not
being redundant and unnecessary.

Mayor Holman:        Council   Member     DuBois,   are   you   accepting       that
amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, are you accepting that?

Mr. Keene: Be sure that Staff is understanding (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: That's actually what I was about to ask. Does
Staff see that as necessary or redundant based on the first paragraph of the
Motion?

Mayor Holman: I think it's what Staff said that they could or would do. It's
not part of the process now; it's just an interpretation. It's not called out as
an interpretation.


                                                                         Page 69 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
