                             MINUTES
Private and municipal gigabyte networks were emerging throughout the
country. Establishing an appropriate business model, network design and
architecture; establishing built costs, service offerings, and ongoing
operational costs; and determining community support and opposition was
the first action step in terms of planning a community network. Other steps
required a substantial construction effort. Once a network was built, various
technical skills and back-office resources were required to operate a network
on a 24/7/365 basis. Implementation of effective marketing and customer
acquisition plans were crucial to a successful network. Most community
broadband ventures failed because they did not pay attention to customer
acquisition. New entrants should understand the local market in terms of
demand for services, take rate forecasts and what incumbent providers had
planned to retain their customer base. In October 2013, the Council
approved the Technology and the Connected City Committee's
recommendation to create a Fiber to the Premise Master Plan and a Wireless
Network Plan. Staff was directed to provide the Council with findings and
recommendations regarding the feasibility of building a network and the best
business model to pursue. One of the key action steps for a Wireless
Network Plan was to prepare a needs assessment. Staff issued Requests for
Proposals (RFP) for both Plans in July 2014 and received nine responses.
Staff recommended approval of a contract with CTC Technology and Energy.
The goal was to complete the plans by May 2015 and return to the Council
with findings and recommendations in June or July 2015.

Mr. Reichental recalled that Google Fiber contacted 34 cities in 2014
regarding gigabyte internet service.      Staff collected and submitted
information to Google. Subsequently, the Council approved the wording of a
Network Hut Licensing Agreement. At the end of 2014, Google had not
selected any communities. In the prior few days, Google announced its
selection of 18 communities located in the Southeast.      The remaining
communities were being considered for a second round. No further actions
were required of the City.

Jeff Hoel encouraged the Council to proceed with Citywide municipal Fiber to
the Premise. If municipal FTTP was feasible, public-private partnerships
should not be considered so the City could retain control of the network.
Some requirements in the report seemed exotic. He encouraged the Council
to postpone wireless.

Andy Poggio, Citizens Advisory Committee Member, felt FTTP was one of the
most important steps the Council could take. He discounted the vast
majority of the gigabyte survey, because it was not handled well. The City
should not count on Google Fiber.



02/02/2015                                                            116- 439
