                          TRASNCRIPT
Ms. Ziesenhenne: Yeah, I agree. I think that the meeting room use is
particularly notable. It's on the second page. To have gone from 994
meeting room uses or study room reservations in Fiscal Year 2014 which
really was only at the Downtown Library. That was the only place those
rooms were available. To have gone to over 3,500 shows unbelievable
growth. They're always busy. Yeah, I appreciate that comment. Thank
you.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't really have any questions. As the Council
liaison to the Library Advisory Commission, I get all my questions answered
at great meetings including the one last Thursday. I do see a couple of
members of the LAC here. I believe Commissioner McDougall in the back
and of course Bob Moss who spoke earlier. I just want to say thank you to
the Library Staff and the Library Advisory Commission. We've come a long
way in the last year. You think about the angst and concern about our
libraries and the future and status of our libraries a year ago when we were
still trying to get reopened versus where we are now. It's remarkable
forward progress. I think it's very clear that—for those who predicted that
the internet would mean the death of libraries, as Commissioner Moss
pointed out, we're a leader in proving that hypothesis wrong. Keep up the
great work. Thanks.

Council Member Berman: Two just quick comments. One is I wanted to
agree with Council Member Burt's comment about the drive-up drop-off.
Glad to hear that you guys are going to take a new look at that. I think it's
something that could be a convenience for our residents. I understand why
it wasn't there in the first place maybe, but I think we've heard from enough
folks that they miss that convenience. If we can make it easier for them and
save parking spots, that's a value add. I smiled when I was flipping through
this actually in the packet. Was it—whenever it was. I saw the risk taking
value, which I thought was a great one. That definitely exemplifies our
libraries' kind of mentality up 'til now, which is why some of the comments
that Commissioner Moss made about things that we've done here in Palo
Alto years before other communities. I think it's great that you guys have
kind of put that down as a value. I'm looking forward to seeing what you
guys come up with in the future.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Thank you. It's not something normally associated with
libraries or librarians, so we're very happy with that.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, colleagues. I have just a couple of things. One
is if it helps, I'm happy to also pile onto the drive-up drop-off. I don't think
having them is going to encourage people to drive.            I think it's just
something people are going to utilize when they drive. As to the EV parking

                                                                         Page 12 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
