                          TRANSCRIPT
we're going to talk about comparing Visions and Goals. One we didn't have
before us, laid out, the goals of the old Comp Plan and the PTC [Planning
and Transportation Commission] recommendation and, for that matter, any
other directions on goals that fairly recent Council policies have informed an
intention on new goals and putting them side by side somewhat similar to
what we have envisioned here. That's the way that we'd have a more
productive discussion. I couldn't go back and look at the old Comp Plan and
create those tables, so I've gone to the Planning and Transportation
Commission version under goals and looked at those. Frankly, when I talk
to that, I don't know in each case how that Goal compares to the Goals in
the current Comp Plan. I'll be speaking to the Planning and Transportation
Commission draft, and I won't be speaking to the old Comp Plan. It'd be
relevant to be speaking to both. At a high level on the organization of the
Plan, we talked about vision, but there's also a higher level which is the
organization of the plan. I mentioned previously that it's just an odd
marriage of orphans to put Safety and Environment in the same chapter.
They each needed to have a place, and they got thrown together. Nobody's
been able to explain to me why they're in the same chapter under the new
Comp Plan. They should be separated. If there's no rational reason other
than that they don't have a home elsewhere, I don't think that's a good way
to organize it. We have at the back a concept plan for East Meadow and
Fabian Way. One of the things I'll want to see reflected, at least in Goals if
not Visions, maybe there's way to do it in both, is a greater intention to
utilize Concept Plans, or as we've called them in our prior Comp Plan
Coordinated Area Plans, as a valuable and critical planning tool going
forward in this new Comp Plan. I don't see it yet reflected in the text. I also
have a question on the Landscape Element, which section that should belong
in. Is it in Natural Environment or is it part of Land Use? I'm not sure. I
want to raise this. I'd like to see it become more a question of Natural
Environment rather than the historic that it's probably more of our unnatural
land use. Those are my initial comments.

Council Member Wolbach: Since it looks like this round, we aren't just
focusing on one thing or another, I'll mention...

Mayor Holman: Let's do try to keep focused on the Vision Statements.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm going to say just one thing about process
going forward. I know we'll talk more about that as well, but I want to have
one initial statement about that. Just a couple of comments about the Vision
Statements and also a couple of my thoughts on the comments I've already
heard just now from my colleagues. On process, it is important that we do
have meetings in the community, primers on urban design, community
planning, architecture, transportation, to provide an introductory level of
                                                                          Page 31 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
