                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Council Member DuBois' comments made me
think that wasn't understood.

Mayor Holman: We've got that.

Council Member Scharff: This is really important. The whole point of this
whole thing is to get more retail. If people can replace their existing office
use using some exception we're not aware of or whatever, then what's the
point of doing all of this? Everything we change right now is grandfathered
in. We've already passed an Interim Ordinance that you can't change from
retail to office. The whole point is when people tear stuff down right now,
that's what this affects, and they have to rebuild, what's that going to look
like. This is a key component of that. If we want to expand the retail uses,
we should definitely do this.

Mayor Holman: We are ready to vote on this Amendment, which is to as a
separate consideration update Municipal Code Section 18.16.050. Vote on
the board please. That passes unanimously on an 8-0 vote. Council
Member Kniss not participating.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a follow-up. Council Member Scharff said the
intention of all this is to expand retail when there's teardowns. There seems
to be one exception in "l," prohibit opaque windows at the ground floor in
protected areas for any use including existing uses. That sounds like if you
have a medical office with an opaque window, you're now going to have to
put in a window. This seems to break the tenor. I would suggest dropping
"l."

Council Member Scharff: Why don't you exclude medical uses?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm not sure. Without a list of where the opaque
windows are, I'm not sure what's behind them.

Mayor Holman: Can I offer to clarify this and fix this?     It's just deleting
"including existing uses."

Council Member Scharff: I like "including existing uses."

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry?

Council Member Scharff: I'd make a Motion to put that back in. The
existing uses are what the issue is. When you have offices, you open it up
and you can see in, that doesn't break the block nearly as much ...

                                                                        Page 88 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
