                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: We wouldn't want the CAC now to say, "We don't
want to do the hybrid alternative at all."

Mayor Holman: Right, right. Is Staff clear on that? We would continue
utilizing the CAC. The maker or seconder are both good with the Motion as
it stands. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm a little confused how we got here. The CAC
said discontinue the creek. The Palo Alto Bike Advisory Committee said
discontinue the Matadero Creek alignment. Page 5 in the report lists a
bunch of reasons. We heard from a public. I believe Mr. Nolan is a biker.
He said it was a waste of time and money. It's contentious. Some bikers
want it. I know a lot of residents don't. I think we heard that there's a
home that blocks the right-of-way. I know you guys are saying use portions
of it, but I just don't understand why we're pushing for it. If we look at the
options in Attachment E, to me Oregon Avenue, it's on the other side of the
expressway, that's not Midtown at all. I think it should just be removed
immediately. Colorado still feels fairly far north. It does connect to a jog to
Cal. Avenue to go under the train tracks. I believe most of it is already a
Class 3 bike path. For me, Matadero is out. I don't think I'll be supporting a
motion that includes Matadero. That really leaves Loma Verde and Meadow.
If you look at the slides we got at our places, on pages 27 and 28, it shows
collisions with cars. Loma Verde and East Meadow had the most. I think
that's kind of concerning. I'd like to see us spend money there. I think
Loma Verde had nine collisions or ten collisions. East Meadow had nine
between 2008 and 2012. We're spending a lot of money on a bike bridge
over 101, and we don't have a bike path yet that connects directly to it. I
think Charleston, which we talked about, got close. I think Meadow or Loma
Verde could easily serve all of Midtown and we'd get to the Baylands without
going over the Oregon crossing. If you want to go north, you could go up to
Oregon and cross over there. If you want to go south, you'd go to Adobe
Creek. I'd like to offer a friendly amendment which would be just to delete
"A."

Mayor Holman: Maker?

Council Member Burt: No thanks.

Council Member DuBois: I would offer that as an amendment, just to delete
the Matadero Creek hybrid portion but include the rest of the Motion.

Mayor Holman: I'll second.

                                                                            Page 47 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
