                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: it looks as though we are ready to vote on the board then.
That passes unanimously. It's not all that often we get a standing ovation,
so thank you all very much. Thank you for your efforts on this project. If
we could ask you, though, to take any conversations out into the lobby so
we can try to conclude the rest of our meeting, that would be much
appreciated.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent
22.   Recommendation to Direct Staff to Develop and Plan for Election to
      Authorize Continuation of Storm Drain Fees to Fund Capital
      Improvements and Operations After Current Fees Sunset in 2017,
      Including Appointment of a Citizen Advisory Committee and a Potential
      2016 Property Owner All-Mail Election.

Mayor Holman: Staff, we are ready for Item Number 22. Recommendation
to direct Staff to develop and plan for election to authorize continuation of
storm drain fees to fund capital improvements and operations after current
fees sunset in 2017 including appointment of a citizen advisory committee
and the potential 2016 property owner all-mail election. Again, if I might ...

Brad Eggleston. Public Works Assistant Director:       Good evening, Mayor
Holman and City Council.

Mayor Holman: Again, if I might ask members of the public if they would
take their conversations to the lobby, it would be really helpful and much
appreciated. Thank you.

Mr. Eggleston: Good evening , Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'm
Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works. With me here this
evening for his second brief presentation he'll be doing momentarily is Joe
Teresi, the Senior Engineer for our storm drain engineering group. Before
we get underway, I also wanted to recognize that in the chambers this
evening, we have three of our five members of the current Storm Drain
Oversight Committee to support us here. They are Chair Hal Mickelson, Vice
Chair Stepheny McGraw and Nancy Clark. We thank them for attending the
meeting this evening.

Joe Teresi, Public Works Senior Engineer: Good evening, members of the
Council. I'll try to run through this quickly as I can. As far as background
on the topic. The Storm Drain Enterprise Fund was created by Council back
in 1990 to fund the storm drain program. It's funded through monthly utility
fees that are collected from residents and businesses on their monthly City
utility bills. The monthly fee is based on a land parcel's relative use of the
municipal storm drain system as measured by imperviousness or hardscape

                                                                       Page 93 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
