                          TRANSCRIPT
We're leaving it out altogether of the goal, because we're using the current
one and no reference to community partnerships. We're not giving any
direction on the narrative. I would not attempt to have us try to write that
narrative from the dais, but we haven't given any guidance. Do we mean
the narratives should include references to what we want in community
partnerships is one portion of it, just as one example. I think we're leaving
out an important part of this goal discussion. The goal discussion was all
framed around what's in bold, essentially I'll call the titles but sometimes
they go beyond titles, and comparing it to a PTC that seemed to be a hybrid
between titles and narratives. I'm not sure we've had fully the right
discussion. I think there's a lot of good things here in this motion, but I
have apprehensions about this being the totality of our guidance if we're not
going back and figuring out how do we reconcile what was the content in the
prior narratives, is that the description of the goal that we mean to have for
the next 15 years. We're giving no guidance there to speak of. In fact, in
some ways by saying what we don't want from the old PTC recommendation,
we're implying we don't want that in the narrative. It may be we just don't
want it in the title. I hate to add this complexity. I kept struggling with this
over the last hour as I was finding the merits in the motion and realizing
there was a whole subject area that was being left out of the conversation. I
don't know, first, whether Staff has any thoughts about what they intended
to be done on the narrative. I'm assuming there would was still an intention
to have narrative, but what would it contain?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt, for that question. I guess I
haven't given a lot of thought to the narrative yet. Maybe it would comfort
you to know that when the CAC discussed this element, there was a lot of
conversation about policies related to community partnerships.              That
concept of community partnerships would be dealt with at the policy level
even if it's not explicit in the goal. I think the thought of the CAC members
who contributed those thoughts is that that would be part of delivering the
effective and efficient delivery of community services as articulated in this ...

Council Member Burt: In the goal statements. On the one hand, I think
there's merit to the goals being succinct. In the absence of that narrative, I
think those goals could mean a lot different things to different people ten
years from now. There may be an inference in the policies and programs
what the goal meant, but those narrative paragraphs actually said here's
what we mean by this goal. That leads to a rational flow to the policies and
programs. I think the narrative is important.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. I didn't mean to suggest
that we wouldn't have narratives. It's just we didn't bring them and not
prepared to discuss them this evening, but you will have an opportunity to
                                                                         Page 76 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
