                         TRANSCRIPT
water into storm sewers is a rapid process that bypasses the remaining
flatlands down slope of the pumping site, with all the trees and vegetation
growing upon it as well as bypassing the marshes and depriving the
marshland ecosystem from this water. I have a number of other points, but
not enough time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I do believe there is a question for you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You mentioned the paper. I'd appreciate it if you could
give a copy to the Clerk when it's available.

Mr. Sarna-Wojcicki: I don't have the paper. Ester, who's the next speaker,
will give you the name of the person who is preparing the paper, the white
paper.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good, thank you.

Mr. Sarna-Wojcicki:   My talk is a little premature.   I'll be willing to come
back.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.           Our final speaker under Oral
Communications is Ester Nigenda.

Ester Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members and fellow Palo Altans. I
am a member of Save Palo Alto's Groundwater.                Save Palo Alto's
Groundwater is asking the City to enact a temporary moratorium on
dewatering and to use this period of moratorium to study the effects of
dewatering on our canopy, on nearby properties and on our infrastructure.
We have a list of concerns and a white paper that we would like the
dewatering study to address. Since time is short, I will focus on only one
concern that we have, and that is the drought. Even though I know we've
been talking about the El Nino, but the drought is still present. Maybe I
should say the recurring droughts that we're expecting. Of great concern to
our community is the current drought and the fact that in the past California
has faced multiple droughts that lasted 20 years or more. In fact, NASA is
predicting that a mega drought is a strong possibility in the near future. In
light of the recurring droughts that California experiences and the more
severe ones that are expected, many communities are building desalination
plants, recycling waste water, harvesting rain water, digging deeper wells,
etc.   Why is Palo Alto permitting the pumping and dumping of the
groundwater? Because, we're told, it is non-potable. Not only is this
community resource which belongs to all of us not being used for its original
function of supporting our land, our properties and our infrastructure, it is
being wasted for the benefit of a few homeowners.            Certainly if the
technology exists to make wastewater or seawater potable, groundwater can
                                                                       Page 47 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
