                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss. Council Member DuBois. You guys
sit in your regular seats next time.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know how you got Kniss out of this seat
though. I mean, I asked the specific questions and the City Manager said
we have time to determine funding. We're talking about Fiscal Year '17 and
'18. He said that pretty clearly. He didn't suggest it was going to fall apart
or going to be in limbo land. I think that's a little bit just raising fear. My
concern is more about the Downtown Cap's going to come back to us. If you
look at existing development plus all the TDRs that have been sold, I think
we're either at or over the cap. We should have a discussion about whether
we want to keep selling those in good faith or not. We're right in the middle
of our Comp Plan Update; that discussion is happening in parallel. I think
we'll have clarity on these policies before we get to these fiscal years. I'm
not sure why we're forcing the decision. The door will stay open, as Council
Member Schmid suggested. We just don't need to decide tonight. I kind of
find myself in the same place. I would not support the amendment. If the
amendment was in the main motion, I would have a very difficult decision.
I'm happy to support the main motion the way it is.

Mayor Holman: City Manager.

Mr. Keene: No, I just understand. I think that there are multiple public
goods that the Council is having to balance. It's not like I don't think that
there is anything that you're dealing with that at one point in time policy-
wise, whether it was the Downtown Development Cap or trying to incentivize
investment for other public goods that otherwise might not take place,
seismic or historic preservation. I worked in communities where there was
strict rent control that was so strict about the intentions that it created
incredible disinvestment and maintenance of buildings over the years to the
point that they were almost blighted, and that sort of led to ultimately
having to look at sort of rent control reform. I think that it's not quite
accurate to think that TDRs are just some bad thing. They were designed to
do some good things, particularly since the impact of parking has been
resolved both with prior actions of the Council and the fact that anybody
who would buy these is going to have to park this project. Just to put in
perspective 8,700 square feet, I know if you're thinking how many of those
are, but we're pretty darn limited now in the TDRs that are taking place.
One floor on this building is 6,500 square feet. You just need to kind of
keep it in perspective about how much space that's adding with a tradeoff of
the other issues you have to deal with as a Council which does this
rehabilitate an asset and building the City has and/or—by the way, I did
want to apologize. I didn't want to leave the Council thinking we were flush
with money, because you are going to have difficulties. The Public Safety
                                                                       Page 89 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
