                         TRANSCRIPT
Rita Vrhel: I wasn't going to say anything, but I have to say something
about the first speaker. I'm amazed at that. I would gladly welcome, when
I do go into a restaurant or to a fast food store, a recyclable glass. I'm not
really concerned about botulism or E. coli in the food that I get. I think
improper food handling has been shown to be the major cause of that. As a
registered nurse and certified case manager, I stand by that statement. I
think we have to start somewhere. Obviously this product was developed a
long time ago. People in Palo Alto are very educated. I think sometimes
they don't use that education to the best ability as shown by the amount of
litter that seems to be accumulating. I think the Staff presentation was
excellent. I found it to be very informative. I hope that you will adopt this
ordinance immediately. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With that, I think we can do questions,
comments and motions. Let's try to do three-minute rounds. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Julie, that was a very nice, creative presentation.

Ms. Weiss: Thanks.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate it and appreciate your dedication to
this issue. I had a question about products shipped into Palo Alto. It looks
like we're picking on eggs. Is that the only packaged product that comes in
that we are specifically banning, and why that focus on egg containers?

Ms. Weiss: We have already requested and worked with grocery stores to
not use plastic foam trays for produce and for other items. For example, if
you were to go to a grocery store and they sell prepared food, ready to take
home, like some sort of salad or whatever, they've already agreed in our
previous ordinance to not do that. The reason we're targeting egg cartons is
because it's another source that we see out there, and because the grocery
stores said it's not a problem for them to get rid of it.

 Council Member DuBois: I assume that those are packaged outside; the
stores aren't putting them in the cartons.

Ms. Weiss: Right. That is really the one exception to the Ordinance. When
we're saying primary packaging would be excluded, that really doesn't
include egg cartons. In that case, egg cartons are the primary packaging.
That's why our ordinance does call out egg cartons as being an item that
would be included.




                                                                           Page 57 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
