                         TRASNCRIPT
and our recreational facilities are one of the most valued features of our
community, but I don't know how they're essential. That doesn't mean to in
any way diminish them, because I value them a whole bunch. I'm not sure
that essential is the right description. That does lead to something that I
think was real valuable. This particular map, that you displayed, is untitled.
I'll note that the color code isn't on the map, so somebody who reads it has
to have it explained to them. This is something that we had discussed in the
context of the last Comprehensive Plan and our Zoning Ordinance update,
when we implemented our park in-lieu fee to try, in part, to fill some of
these gaps which we really haven't done a very good job on. You did a
great job of identifying through these two different color codes where we
have gaps. I would, one, recommend that there be another map with an
additional overlay, not instead of these two, but the additional overlay is
schools and other public facilities. For instance, we have in one of the white
areas, that is underserved in many ways, Ventura Community Center which
is not a school anymore and it's not a park and it has playing fields like a
park would have and it has community services and it's omitted. We have
other locations where we have parts of town that don't have parks where
young kids can get to a park without crossing a major thoroughfare, but
they might have several schools right nearby that they treat as parks.
That's not a one-for-one substitute for a park. When we look at how we're
serving the community or who is most in need of additional park services,
we at least want to have that in mind when we discuss these qualitative
issues. These comments are more—it's related to what you're doing but
also related to as we're moving forward with our Comprehensive Plan, and
that is how do we ever go about addressing some of these areas that we
have shortfalls in parks in certain areas of town? Either they're not large
enough or they don't have a park at all. I'll note that we've added a couple
of pocket parks over the last 10, 15 years on City-owned land that was
never thought of as available. One is on Hopkins Park; it's in one of these
white areas actually because it's small enough that it's not treated as a full
park. It's along the creek there, and it was just some vacant dirt pile that
was near the creek but not in the sensitive habitat area. We did something
similar on Matadero Creek just in the last two years. We created a little
pocket park in Barron Park. The point out of that is in a fully built-out City
with a conception that there is no available land other than paying $10
million an acre to try and add parkland, and yet we have increased
population, and we have to continue to try to serve that population with
additional parks, we need to look creatively at City-owned land and
repurposing it. There is land that everybody takes for granted; "that's
always been a power station" or whatever and how could it be utilized
differently whether it's thinking about not a park but a similar concept.
When we redid California Avenue and asked ourselves, "Why do we have
four lanes wide on a street that was closed off 50 years ago to traffic across
                                                                       Page 23 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
