                          TRANSCRIPT
from 30 to 10. I'm perfectly comfortable with 30 to give everyone an
opportunity to be heard, if they have concerns about the appraisal that's
done. Those are the big issues that we're dealing with today.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you everybody for your patience and
attention during a very long process. I know it's been said before, but it
bears repeating again. This has indeed, as Council Member Berman said,
been a trying process for all. I certainly do appreciate your patience with us.
The reason for it being a long process is that it is complex. The stakes for
the stakeholders are significant, for all the stakeholders, for the residents
and for the owner. I appreciate there are moments of frustration; I wanted
to acknowledge that and acknowledge what seems to be clear sincerity and
commitment to abiding by the process by all parties and the attempt by the
City to do that as well, to have a fair process that respects the interests of
all parties. Moving forward, a peer review process seems reasonable.
Something that I heard mentioned earlier was that we found the
methodology faulty by the appraiser. My understanding was that that was
not something that we found. My understanding was that we did not find
fault with the methodology, because we are not appraisers and did not
attempt to wade into the territory of doing appraisals or being a peer review
over an appraisal. I want to make sure that that's on the record. My
understanding was that we did not find the methodology of Beccaria to be
faulty. What we did was explore and emphasize the importance of in-place
value being part of the appraisal and looking for ways to ensure that the
appraisal that was done was adequate indeed, as Mr. Beccaria said it was.
The idea of using a peer review process, where we have another professional
appraiser provide that second set of eyes on the process to ensure that
Beccaria's appraisal was indeed adequate, is reasonable and fair. Here's a
question for City Attorney. We heard a concern raised that individual review
is something that was not called for earlier and that we were adding it, and
that's a novel addition. I don't know if you could speak to that at all.

Ms. Stump: The Ordinance provides that any person, I believe is the
language, any aggrieved person may appeal the Hearing Officer's decision.
It certainly could have been the case, were there not a Residents Association
or should they have chosen not to do the appeal, that individuals could have
asked the Council to look at their individual amounts at that time. I see no
flaw in the Council providing for a limited, time limited and subject matter
limited, delegation to the Hearing Officer to resolve any final questions.
You're proposed to adopt conditions that will require some further work to be
done. It does seem appropriate, again bounded by time and by jurisdiction,
to allow for the Hearing Officer then to resolve any final questions, should
those be questions that the Residents Association wants to bring or
individuals want to bring.
                                                                        Page 23 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
