                          TRANSCRIPT
over the last eight years. As you can see, our allocation is leveling out
around the $400,000 annual basis.           We also receive funding through
program income and resources from prior years that are not used. We have
five different categories in which to allocate funds. I'll just run them by you
really quickly. The first is Public Services. These are similar to those of
Human Services Resources Allocation Program (HSRAP).                We have a
statutory cap of 20 percent of our budget; that is $82,910 for this year. The
second cap is placed on Administration and Planning. Under that we're
proposing the personnel cost associated with administering the program and
also funding Project Sentinel with a budget of $115,702. The last two
funding categories don't have a cap. The first is Economic Development.
Again, we're proposing to fund Downtown Streets Team for their workforce
development program. A new project before you is Mid-Pen Housing.
They're proposing a rehab project for their Palo Alto Gardens.
Unfortunately, we weren't able to fund them at the full amount, but they
believe they can still accomplish what they set out with the $392,000
allocation. Again as Hillary mentioned, the Finance Committee reviewed
these recommendations and unanimously voted that the City Council make
the final funding recommendations. With that, the Finance Committee
recommends that the City Council take the following action: adopt the
attached funding Resolution allocating CDBG funding as recommended in the
2016 Action Plan; authorize the City Manager on behalf of the City to
execute the 2016 application and Action Plan for CDBG funds; authorize
Staff to submit the 2016 Action Plan to HUD by the May 15th deadline and
the 2015/2020 Consolidated Plan. Staff is here to answer any questions.
That concludes our presentation. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid:        Thanks very much for the short and succinct
presentation. This is important. The money is limited, I know, and it comes
from the Federal Government through HUD, so it's focused only on housing
and services to support people in affordable housing.             I'd like to
acknowledge that the [Human Relations Commission] (HRC) gave a careful
look to that and gave some details of their review at the Finance Committee.
Three important points. There's not a lot of money in it to solve the
magnitude of the problems we have. What's important, I think, for each of
the beneficiaries is the funds are and can be leveraged and they continue
over time, so it's a commitment over a period of time. Two, the report that
HUD requires contained a lot of very good, wonderful data about our City.
I'd refer to packet pages 260 to 290, where things like residents, housing,
homeless and needs in our City. Third, we are approving not just the
funding for this year but an outlook for the next five, so each of the
organizations has presented material about what they would be doing over
an extended period. The Finance Committee voted unanimously to support
this and encourages a positive vote.
                                                                       Page 20 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
