                             MINUTES
More than 66 percent of desktop computers had been replaced with mobile
devices. In the next few months, almost 100 percent of Staff would have
mobile devices.      IT Staff was facing enormous work to support
transportation and sustainability initiatives.

Council Member Kniss attended a conference in Austin, Texas, where a
presentation reviewed the applications the City had developed and
employed. She requested a copy of that information so that everyone could
understand what the IT Department had accomplished.

Council Member DuBois asked if IT Staff worked across every department in
the City or if IT groups existed in some or all departments.

Mr. Reichental advised that IT Staff worked across all departments. Smart
people in each department had different roles relative to technology. Each
department had an IT liaison. Because the Utilities Department was a high
user of technology, many Utilities Staff specialized in systems. The Library
Department had a few people who were experts in their systems. The Public
Safety Department was using technology in smart ways and leading
innovation.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether Staff had discussed creating a data
analytics center of excellence across departments for business analysis and
surveying technology.

James Keene, City Manager, reported Staff was in the planning phase
related to integration of performance/management efforts. In addition, Staff
had contacted the Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston regarding
analysis of services.

Council Member DuBois wanted to know what City data was at the greatest
risk of being comprised by a security threat.

Mr. Reichental expressed concern about protecting the confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of data. A perpetrator might not be seeking data,
but to interrupt service.        Online receipts were handled by vendors.
Protecting the integrity of data meant preventing a perpetrator from
changing data.

Council Member Burt asked if the $800,000 in cost avoidance included
efficiencies gained through increased digital interaction.

Ms. Bolger indicated that amount was solely cost avoidance for solutions
being deployed. It did not necessarily take into account any productivity
changes.
                                                                        Page 3 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
