                         TRANSCRIPT
many riders per $1 billion spent. On that metric, Caltrain scores way ahead
of the BART to San Jose. The BART to San Jose, not all those dollars are
being spent within our county. They had to come from Fremont on down all
the way to San Jose and Santa Clara, they think. Anyway, that's the sort of
metric that we should be looking at. It's if we had spent $2 billion on
Caltrain or $3 billion on a fully grade separated Caltrain or who knows what,
where would be in that system. We've allowed others to frame how we
ought to be talking about this. We've allowed it for 20-plus years on the
BART to San Jose question. It's a lot of money to have a partially tunneled
BART to San Jose. They have a tunnel under a lake. I mean, we're talking
about not even being allowed to consider an open trench, and BART to San
Jose has a tunnel under a lake. We just need kind of a realistic comparison
and not allow others to dictate the narrative.

Mayor Holman: Could I ask did you want to add as a "D" that Staff develop
metrics comparing Caltrain to BART?

Council Member Burt: No. We have a whole bunch of things that are part of
our arguments. I don't think we need to put it in the motion.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Mr. Keene: Not trying to intercept any other motions or directives, but I
think you have a really nice, clear focus right now. "C" even makes it clear
to check in when the measure starts to take shape. It'd be much better for
us to be messaging what our Council's focus is. Everybody else will be
talking about the other components. We could come back to you and be
better informed before you would start saying. In one sense, you almost
dilute from your focus right now, and it's not really necessary, would be my
thought. It'd be great to even have time of us out there repeating this
refrain that this is the focus. If we have a chance to weigh in on other
factors that are within the measure, we can do that with you. That's my
thought.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Taking that into account and also taking into
account Council Member Burt's points about what is the real funding need
for the other Caltrain improvements, do we want to—I'm perfectly content if
the answer is no because I'm glad that we have a percentage set for grade
separations just like San Mateo County did. Do we want to say anything
about the additional Caltrain funding and how that should be either
commensurate with BART funding or $700 million or anything like that? Just
                                                                        Page 61 of 70
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/13/15
