                         TRANSCRIPT
that they need to reconcile. For example, the anaerobic digester is more
money than shown for the five-year CIP, but the total that includes the time
beyond the five-year CIP is the same as the five-year CIP because the table
shows zero beyond the five-year CIP when in fact it's about $40 million
dollars beyond that. That is throughout the document and before you adopt
the budget. I believe before you adopt the budget that you need to correct
the pages on that. My other comments refer to the Fiber to the Premise and
the Fiber CIP. The first two years show the amount for rebuilding the fiber
backbone, which is now being scheduled at the very time when you'll be
making decisions on Fiber to the Premises, which may affect what would be
built in the same areas. I've been assured by Staff because of the amount
involved that the contracts will be coming to the Council, so you'll have an
opportunity to amend those if necessary to take account of the need for fiber
for the Fiber to the Premises. The other concern is that at the wrap-up Staff
removed the out years three and four which put in as holding amounts for
the Fiber to the Premises. They had assumed a certain amount, about $2.4
million total approximately, and now they show zero. Thank you.

Annette Glanckopf, Racing Hearts:          Good evening, Council Members.
Tonight I come before you as a Board Member of Racing Hearts and with the
support of both the Fire and Police Chiefs to request that you add $50,000 to
the budget for more AEDs, automated external defibrillators, to save lives
from sudden cardiac arrest, the number one cause of death in the United
States. Thank you, City Manager Keene and Council Member Scharff, for
priming the pump on this issue. We currently have 78 AEDs installed in City
locations and parks including ambulances and fire rigs. For 60 of these,
funding came out of the Council's discretionary fund. We ask for 25 more
AEDs to be placed in 3 parks and 22 in City vehicles that are out and about
and drive most on City streets. This allocation could come from the
Contingency Fund, from Fire, Police or Public Works budgets. The park
locations are Mitchell Park near the Magical Bridge; Greer Park is an
extensive area, and we request one on the south side of the park; and the
Cubberley playing fields. We as a community encourage all children to play
sports and adults too for our healthy community. Frequently the news
reports of an individual who has collapsed due to sudden cardiac arrest.
Thus, we want AEDs to be close to these highly used fields. The American
Heart Association estimates for every minute that elapses from time of
collapse to time of defibrillation chances for survival decrease by 10 percent.
Conversely, rapid defibrillation increases chances of survival as much as 70
percent. Stephanie Martinson, who's speaking next and founded Racing
Hearts, will provide additional comments on the science and the need for
AEDs and the current outcomes in Palo Alto. We brought this request for
more AEDs to the May 7th Finance meeting. There was general agreement
that AEDs can save lives and the request was an important one, but no
                                                                         Page 26 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
