                          TRANSCRIPT
Andrew Boone: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Andrew
Boone.      I live in East Palo Alto and serve on that city's Planning
Commission. I'm very much in support of this City raising the minimum
wage. I think you can set a really strong example for other cities in the
South Bay and in the whole Bay Area. Palo Alto is one of the wealthiest
cities in the Bay Area, in the world. This should have been done a long
time ago really. You shouldn't be allowing people to be paid $9 an hour in
Palo Alto. It's unethical; it's unhealthy. It's unhealthy for people to travel
so long, to take long trips to come here and work and take long trips to go
home, to not be able to spend time with their families, to be unhappy, to be
struggling to get by, to you have to buy the cheapest food you can. Do I
have enough money to go to the doctor? These are the things people who
are paid $9 an hour have to worry about. It's really not a concern if a
specific business' costs goes $50,000 or $100,000 a year, because people
are suffering. People's health is suffering. What else can I say about it?
It's an ethical decision that you have. Please don't put any loopholes into
your Ordinance that allow people to continue to pay an even greater
poverty wage than $15 an hour is. $15 an hour, if you were paid $15 an
hour full-time, that would be $2,400 a month before you have to pay any
taxes, so less than that. It's all gone just by paying your rent. You're not
allowed to live in Palo Alto, not allowed to live anywhere close to Palo Alto
to work here. Get it done. Of course raise the minimum wage. Don't think
"Why 15?" Just because that's what Mountain View talked about doing,
that's not the appropriate level for such an expensive place. We should be
going beyond this. We should be thinking about what can you do to reduce
inequality that's getting worse. It's getting worse here in Silicon Valley.
It's getting worse in the whole country. The rich get richer, and the poor
get poorer. This is happening, and you can contribute something to help.
All of the "sky is going to fall down," "everyone's going out of business," it's
all a bunch of nonsense, and you should know it. All of the cities that have
raised their minimum wages have not had any economic negative
consequences. They've only benefitted from raising their minimum wages,
so there's no reason not to do it that I can think of. Some people want,
who are already rich, want to be richer. It's really disgusting. People who
own businesses don't have to worry about where they get their food from,
don't have to worry about "I'd like to take a vacation some day in my life."
Thank you.

Carol Lamont: Hello, Members of the City Council. As a long-term Palo
Alto resident, I'm very concerned about inequality here and in this region.
I want to echo the words of the last speaker. When I came to Palo Alto
years ago, I worked for terrible wages, terrible wages. I worked in
daycare. I worked as a waitress. I worked as a gardener. I worked
cleaning houses. I worked as a clerk. All this just to try to survive with my
                                                                           Page 22 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
