                          TRANSCRIPT
were crossing those four bridges. It gets better than that. They are going
to spend $200 million grade separating (inaudible) that doesn't get
separated. Do you know why? Because they're adding 28th and 31st which
do not currently exist. That's how they end up with these enormous
numbers, on the future projections of all this traffic that will now be able to
cross the tracks, which is not currently crossing because they dead end
there. Wrapping up here, if you volunteer for four tracks, you will actually
get automatic grade separation, because it's mandatory. You cannot have a
level crossing with four tracks. The last point I'd like to make is that
whatever you are doing here has got to have precedence over electrification.
There is no way that you can build this kind of infrastructure on an
electrified track. Thank you very much.

Peter Chou: Good evening. I'm 30-plus years resident of here. I really
believe that this is a very important issue that affects hundreds of years of
our future. I do want to repeat two points that was raised by the second
public commenter. The first one is, as I said, this is very important for our
future, for years and years to come. I do urge you to spend that extra
(inaudible) steps, to explore all the possibility of funding for a trench
solution. Secondly, I wanted to also support his idea. I don't know how
practical that is, but it's worth exploring, that is to consider housing on top
of the cover for trenching. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. To try to move us along here and
try to focus as City Attorney had suggested earlier, focus on the first and
second parts of this item. In other words, High Speed Rail and that
trajectory having to do with the EIR and such, and then also grade
separations. Then we'll call Council Member Filseth back for the third part of
this. I don't see any lights yet. Can we suggest that we'll have five minutes
a piece at least on our first round to ask questions and comments about "1"
and "2." Council Members? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I actually hadn't really collected my thoughts
completely yet. I just want to make sure I'm clear about a couple of things.
Going through some of the Staff recommendations and making sure I'm
clear about what it is that you're looking for from us tonight, beyond any
additional guidance we might be offering. I want to make sure—on page 12
and 13 of the Staff Report, you're looking for authorization from us to do
further study of a 2 percent grade trench. Is that correct?

Mr. Shikada: Perhaps preceding getting into the specifics there would be to
give us a sense of the Council interest in proceeding with a City-sponsored
engagement of the design team that would be needed in order to do the
kind of work we're talking about. On that basis, if the Council agrees that

                                                                         Page 15 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
