                          TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We have a sixth seat that is potentially open. There is
nothing agendized this evening to address that other opening, so we can do
nothing about that. For those who don't know, Mila Zelkha did submit her
resignation, and so there is another opening should we choose to fill it. That
would have to come back on a future calendar. Tonight we are dealing with
five openings. Council Members, I would like suggestions. Let's not make
this a drawn out thing. Council Member Scharff, do you have a suggestion
on no votes, one vote?

Council Member Scharff: I do. I think my suggestion would be that on the
first round that if you get no votes, then you don't come back to the second
round. If you only got one vote, you definitely come back to the second
round. After that, I think people will start seeing it, and I'm not sure we
need to cut it off after that. We could also cut it off that after the second
round if you only get one vote. Then when you move to the third round.

Mayor Holman: We could do a lot of things. I'd like a suggestion.

Council Member Scharff: My recommendation would be just that if you get
no votes, you're out. If you get one vote, you're in.

Mayor Holman:     That is seconded by Council Member Filseth.       Vice Mayor
Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: No, I had the same question.

Council Member Burt: I like it in concept, but I'm trying to figure out how
the Clerk's going to do that logistically other than to strike out from nine
ballots everybody who didn't get a vote.

Mayor Holman: We did talk about this previously. Does City Clerk have a
response on how we might do this?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: That's correct, we were going to strike it out. Also,
what we're going to do is as the votes are tallied, we're going to put it up on
the overhead like it is up there now. The names will be deleted out, so we
can narrow the field.

Council Member Burt: Then maybe you don't have to strike it out on our—
we'll just be able to read it.

Council Member Wolbach: The City Attorney provided by email a suggestion
regarding holding a straw vote for the sixth spot which could then return to
Council for approval in the future with a Staff recommendation. I'd like to
hear from the City Attorney on that suggestion.

                                                                        Page 63 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
