                          TRANSCRIPT

crossways on Bryant. That's really been a gap for a long while. It's not just
for kids. Those of us who want to cross Downtown, it can add a lot of time
on a bike trip. If we're really trying to make bicycling a preferred choice,
having at least one route where we can move quickly across town is real
valuable. The picture with Park Boulevard showed a counter-directional
lane. I don't know if that's what you're actually considering; I'd be curious
on that. I've also had members of the community recently bring to my
attention that the Downtown area and Stanford—that's not our jurisdiction—
has become an increasing problem on bike theft. We can have a great
bicycle system, but people will be discouraged from riding if they have to
keep buying bikes. You mentioned the Mountain View connections. I know
that San Antonio Center is a real bear to get to by bicycle. I'm real glad that
you're working with Caltrans on some of the rule making. One in addition to
the counter-directional lanes is where we have T-intersections and you're on
the bike lane at, I'll call it the top of the T where you're riding through,
whether it's a traffic signal or a stop sign, bikes are legally required to stop
even though cars can't go legally into the bike lane. I'd be interested in if a
curb was placed, whether Caltrans would accept allowing bikes to legally
proceed in the bike lane through a T-intersection without having to stop.
Thanks, and I appreciate all the progress we're getting.

Mayor Holman: Would Staff like to hear questions and comments from
everybody, then respond all at once or would you like to do these as they
come?

Mr. Mello: I think, given the number, it might make more sense to do them
as they come, so that we can formulate our answers appropriately.

Mayor Holman: Very good.

Mr. Mello: I'll respond to the questions first. If you need me to respond to
the comments, I can do that as well. Your first question was are we looking
at segregating pedestrians and bicyclists on high-use, shared-use paths that
are off-road. There are no current plans to construct parallel cycle tracks to
any of the shared-use paths in town. That's not saying that we would
preclude that as an option if there was room available. I think that may be
difficult to enforce in the long run. I think you'd end up with pedestrians on
the bicycle way and bikes on the pedestrian way. We'd have to probably
ramp up enforcement if we're going to move in that direction. I do think we
may want to look into a courtesy campaign on both the shared-use paths
and the tunnels to help folks share the space. That's something we can
work with the community on, if there was an interest in that. Second
                                                                           Page 8 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
