                            MINUTES
Ms. Stump reported the policies and procedures did not provide specific,
concrete rules. This was a complex topic that flowed from the City Charter.
The City Manager was generating most of the Agenda work. Staff could
review different ways that could be described or revised within the policies
and procedures consistent with the Charter.

Council Member Kniss believed that would be a good discussion; however,
the current policy appeared to be vague.

Vice Mayor Schmid wanted the full Council to discuss the issue rather than
referring it to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman preferred to refer the topic to the Policy and Services
Committee as that body had the responsibility of annually reviewing
procedures and protocols.

Mr. Keene indicated some of those topics were meeting management issues.
He would argue for placing more items on the Consent Calendar. Staff
needed better guidance to ensure the appropriate equity of their responses
to the full Council as opposed to individual Council Members. Individual
Council Members could ask questions that had policy implications and that
requested information should be shared with the Council. He suggested that
be included in the list for review by the Policy and Services Committee. He
requested review of the one-hour rule and ways for Staff to respond. The
current rule was that if an individual Council Member asked a question and a
response required more than one hour of Staff time, then Staff did not
respond to the question.        The Council should discuss the ways Staff
supported the Council and how Staff made those decisions.

Mayor Holman appreciated Staff's current practice of sending responses to
individual Council Member questions to the full Council. That was one way
issues were raised and vetted.

Mr. Keene wanted to ensure Staff satisfied the Council's understanding of
how Staff supported the Council. The Council should develop procedures for
Staff to respond individually and collectively.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether the issue was referred to the Policy and
Services Committee.

Mayor Holman would make a list of topics to be referred to the Policy and
Services Committee.




                                                                      Page 23 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
