                          TRANSCRIPT
We're going to get quick submissions. We've also heard that in the last 15
years, there's only six times this process would even come into effect. My
understanding is we'd have one meeting where we'd have a ranked list of
projects. Unless there was something we thought was really wrong with
that ranking, I would assume we'd pretty much go with that. I just want to
put in a word and say I think this is all about quality and how do we get
quality projects.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I like the competition as well. We've talked a lot
about this is a two-year Ordinance, and it's a two-year Ordinance. It's going
to get succeeded by something. I think the odds are pretty good that
whatever comes after this, it's going to build on whatever we've learned
from this in the two years that we've had the Ordinance. I like the idea that
we should build a process to (inaudible) quality projects. Right now what we
do and what every city does is we try to legislate quality projects through
sort of big, complicated municipal codes. The folks that do these things,
they spend sort of a lot of—they're very creative and they spend a lot of
time and effort sort of trying to use that to sort of work within our Code. I
like the idea that they use that creativity to compete with each other instead
of us on how to build better quality projects. I think it would only apply for
a year, because we've got a pipeline that's going to take up the first year. It
would still apply for the year, and it would give us a pipe cleaner for a
process in the future that we might well benefit from in terms of having a
way of working that inherently generates high quality projects. Lord knows,
as Council Member DuBois said, there's been enough residential and public
concern about some of the quality of projects we're getting. We need to try
something different. I thought this was a really clever idea, a really creative
idea to leverage some of the creativity out there in the development
community to do this kind of stuff. The disposition of the pipeline, obviously
we have a pipeline that we have to deal with. Beyond that, I think it makes
sense to institute a process like this.

Mayor Holman: Given no more lights, it is time to vote on the substitute
Motion which is to direct Staff to adopt a first-come-first-serve process for
selecting projects.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: We are voting on the substitute Motion to adopt a first-
come-first-serve process for selecting projects. That Motion fails on a 7-2
with Council Member Wolbach and Council Member Kniss voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Kniss, Wolbach yes
                                                                       Page 125 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
