                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't know if other Council Members have things that they
would like to say or not. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: First of all, you guys, thank you so much from the
Council and from all 67,000 members of our community. You might have
mentioned this in your presentation. How much heads-up time do you guys
get before you're going to be deployed on a strike team like this?

Ms. Capriles: For these three fires, they probably got about an hour or two
at the most.

Council Member Berman: That's crazy.

Ms. Capriles: They have a bag that's already ready to go. There's a strike
team box that they literally attach to the back of the fire engine that gives
them extra equipment that they might need in that situation, that we don't
normally carry. They're out the door, and they have to meet up with the
rest of the strike team at a designated location usually within an hour of
notification.

Council Member Berman: Then to be gone for ten days to two weeks, it
sounded like 10 to 15 days. I don't know what I'd do if somebody told me
that I couldn't do anything for the next two days, let alone ten days or two
weeks. The sacrifice that you guys made is pretty immense, and we really
appreciate it.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just wanted to mention I had a nephew and his family
who lived in the middle of the Valley fire, was evacuated for three weeks,
something, came back. A special thanks for your efforts.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Not much that I can add, except to say thanks.
You guys are doing a great job. I know it's not easy a lot. We appreciate it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't flip my light. I'm just glad to see nobody
got hurt. I assume none of you guys did; you all look healthy. I assume
nobody got hurt. Also, I think we recognized two teams, not three. If we
missed somebody, we should make sure we take care of that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

                                                                        Page 4 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
