                         TRANSCRIPT
Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Gil, could I add one thing—Phil
Bobel, Public Works—about rainwater capture that we just saw today that
was very exciting and the driver for it? I don't know if you've seen where
they took out the old Bloomingdale's and now they've built the new
Bloomingdale's.       One thing they're putting right where the old
Bloomingdale's was is two 30,000-gallon underground cisterns or tanks for
rainwater capture. These will be the two largest, certainly in our neck of the
woods. They did it because our Statewide regulations that we enforce
locally require that when you build a new structure of a certain size and
prevent the infiltration of water, you have to offset that essentially. Their
choice was to try to offset it like we did at Mitchell Park with swales and
green features that would absorb the water, they decided they didn't have
the space to do that, so they built these huge underground tanks. It's
probably a harbinger of things to come.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much. I encourage Staff and my
colleagues to continue thinking about how we can do this in a really effective
way and how to make this a priority moving forward. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I wanted to thank you for your presentation tonight
and the report. I loved the data that you presented in it, both the historical
context and perspective as well as a look at where we're going. Look
forward to your new database that you say will be ready in a week or so.

Mr. Friend: Let me clarify. We started work on it last week. It's going to be
two or three months to have that up and running.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good. To get the community onboard with what we're
doing, that's the type of thing that would work well. I certainly would
emphasize the issue of water. We are tied to the south Sierras, and you
have a very startling figure in there of a warming climate. Since our water
is stored through snow, it's very upsetting that even if we have wet winters,
if it doesn't come down in snow in the south Sierras, we will feel and
experience that. We experience it not just in our water flows and access to
water, but in hydro power. We are very dependent on hydro power, and so
we're very sensitive to the flows and our need to go to the grid in times
where the hydro power is not available. The other thing that I found very
interesting in your presentation was your connection to the Summit and the
Comprehensive Plan as you are coinciding some of your work and your
public outreach with the Comprehensive Summit and our work on the
Comprehensive. I would encourage that the sustainability effort and the
Comprehensive effort try and coordinate as much as possible.           I am
concerned in a wider thing that we don't just focus on our boundaries and
draw a boundary about what we do and the rest of the world is out there,


04/20/2015                                                             117- 292
