                         TRANSCRIPT
mobile home park owners, and say no to them, they're not going to do this.
They only care about the bottom line. They don't care about people. They
should not be closing this mobile home park. Also I just want to say these
people elected you. It's time to listen to the people that put you up there.
Thank you.

Litsie Indergand: My name is Litsie Indergand. I am a resident of Palo Alto.
I am not a member of the mobile home people; however, I care a great
deal. Where a child grows up, what kind of schooling a child gets, is an
enormous influence on what happens to that child many, many, many years
after that. If you were to go talk to a few people who have had huge
success in their adult lives and ask them where they went to school and
what influence their early schooling had on their successes in adult, you
would be surprised at what a large amount of credit these people would give
to the schools they went to. We know that Palo Alto schools are unequaled
by almost any place. Any place that the residents of Buena Vista would be
able to move to with the amount of money that is suggested they get will
not be equal to Palo Alto. They will have to go somewhere else where they
may be able to find a nice apartment for the amount of money they have,
but it will not only not be in Palo Alto, it probably will not be anywhere on
the San Francisco peninsula because we are very, very expensive here.
Unfortunately, we earned the expensive things. We have the best schools
anyone has.      We have wonderful living spaces.          We have a lot of
entertainment. It's a wonderful, wonderful place to live. Of course, we all
know that we have the best weather in the world, and we try not to brag
about that because we didn't have anything to do with that. I went to
school when I was a child, and I was fortunate I was able to get to some
very, very wonderful schools. I managed to get a scholarship to go to Cal,
because the schools I went to before I was ready for college were very good
schools. I don't want to see these children who live in Buena Vista having to
live in a one-bedroom apartment 50 miles or more from here, having to
share the one bedroom with their parents and all their siblings, because a
one-bedroom apartment is not what they're living in now. Most of the
homes there have two and some have three bedrooms. There's a world of
difference between one bedroom or two or three bedrooms. I hope that you
will consider that the amount of money we're talking about giving these
people is not enough to be equal for what they now have. Please, please
don't make them go down as far as they're going to have to go with this
kind of money. Thank you.

Don Anderson: Hello, I'm Don Anderson. I live in Palo Alto. I bring you
good news tonight. Your hands are not tied. As far as I can understand
this, and it's becoming more muddled as we go, you are the judge in a
process wherein you've received an appeal from the lower court, the Hearing
                                                                       Page 3 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/26/15
