                          TRANSCRIPT
reaching out to if you do envision in the future doing a greater outreach.
Palo Alto Neighborhoods and the neighborhood associations individually; a
couple of organizations that have formed in the last couple of years that
have been very interested in the past and also the future of Palo Alto, Palo
Altans for Sensible Zoning as well as Palo Alto Forward. Palo Alto Unified
School District, I don't know if there might be opportunities to work with the
schools perhaps as they craft their curriculum around history for students in
our community to incorporate more about our local history. I don't know if
any of you would be interested in working on that. I just throw it out there
as a brainstorming idea.        Also Stanford as well as the Chamber of
Commerce, a couple others that I think would benefit from engagement with
you, again if your time allows. I don't know if there are any thoughts or
comments on that. Before I move onto my next question, I'll just let that
one sit there. Also, with the Palo Alto History Museum and efforts to bring
that online, where do you see collaboration with the History Museum? How
will that work?

Mr. Bower: If I could briefly answer the Palo Alto history building. Almost
all of us have visited the building, not a quorum, individually, two or three. I
would anticipate that that building would come before the Historic Resources
Board when its plans are completed. As a Board, we can't really do
outreach. We can't really do anything other than represent the City,
because we have no funds and until very recently Staff was overwhelmed by
the hospital project. While we're all available and several of us own historic
homes or buildings, it's hard to have any City representation as a Board to
do that.

Ms. Bunnenberg: Quickly to answer your question about how much time we
have, interestingly enough when I came on the HRB we met very regularly
every first and third Wednesday. In the past year, we have had months that
we haven't met at all or the meetings have been few and far between.
There certainly is, on the part of the Board, time because we committed to
come that often. In terms of the History Museum, it went through the HRB
some time ago. All those parameters have been set for what can and can't
be done to the building. There are completed plans. In fact, it's ready to
pull permits when funds are finally raised. The other interesting thing at the
History Museum is that there is a space saved for the archives of the City of
Palo Alto, which would be a real benefit for the City to have it in a larger
space and a dedicated space.

Council Member Wolbach: It was alluded to earlier, I don't know how much
we could get into it tonight, but I wanted to mention that we did refer
something to you on Monday. If you haven't had a chance to look into that,
I'd encourage you to. It's a little bit different from our ordinary expectations
                                                                          Page 14 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
