                          TRANSCRIPT
Department to be the lead on managing the contract and the program. My
understanding would be that the ...

Council Member Kniss: They're hiring them as well?

Mr. Keene: We have a contract with the firm who provides Track Watch.
It's that firm who hires the individual people. That being said, we are going
to go out to bid, my understanding is, after July 1st and rebid the Track
Watch contract. We may be making some changes to the scope of the
contract. It is quite possible that we could have a different annual cost in a
new budget. Everything we've got here on the Track Watch cost for Fiscal
Year '16 is tentative; although, we do think the $315,000 provides us
enough flexibility over roughly the first half of the year to operate. As I said,
we would be coming back to the Council with a new contract award. The
$168,000 figure we have right now is based upon our experience with the
current contract. Again, that number could shift.

Council Member Kniss: I hope that we will also move in the direction—I
think we discussed this briefly at Finance—of sharing the costs of this entire
program either with the School District or others who are interested. This
fund is not a bottomless pit. It will be necessary for us to share this
endeavor with others. People I've talked to are surprised that the School
District wasn't sharing in it. That needs to be a conversation in the future,
and perhaps now with the new Superintendant, that would be a conversation
that you can have. It's important that we all share this. This has been a
tough year for the City, a tough year for teens. In no way do I not support
this, but at the same time it's a shared responsibility.

Mr. Keene: If I might add a little bit to Council Member Kniss' comments for
the whole Council. This is one of the reasons why the Staff put the
projected balance in the at-places memorandum that went to the Council.
As you'll recall, the Council allocated $2 million out of the $4 million pot of
Stanford Development Agreement funds that have been allocated towards
health and safety. With this budget as proposed, if the Council adopts this
tonight, at the end of this next fiscal year that balance in that fund would be
down to $764,000. That doesn't include this additional second year costs of
$168,000. Very quickly, if you were to look at that number, you're at below
$600,000. It doesn't include the work that we're doing with Caltrain right
now about enhancing means restriction on fencing. Their proposal right now
is to add additional fencing. I've been trading phone calls with Jim Hartnett,
their CEO, today. Would have us paying for the vegetation removal as part
of this section, and that's well over $100,000. Depending upon what
standard we come up with, there could be additional costs. It's without
question that we have to treat the funding that we have set aside so far in

                                                                         Page 16 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
