                          TRANSCRIPT
We think that really minimizes the appropriateness of an all residential
project. Our project does provide housing on the upper floors where you
can have the maximum buffer from street and traffic noise. When we met
with the neighbors to the right, they complained first off of all the traffic
noise, which actually our acoustics showed that we will buffer them from
some of the noise. Our building is going to hit a lot of noise and traffic. We
did, by the way, work with them and voluntarily decided to offer some traffic
calming devices in the neighborhood just to be good neighbors. If you go to
the zoning slide. As you see, the site is bordered by two PC projects. That's
why we started with a PC. One of them is 50-foot high, and the other one's
40 feet. They're both PCs. The FAR is consistent with those projects. Next
slide please. The other thing we were told early on—it was Curtis Williams
at the time—is that the City and the County would like us to give up some of
the valuable land on the kind of narrow side of Oregon Expressway side, on
a less than 20,000-acre site, towards enhancing and bettering the very busy
intersection there. As you'll see in the packet, the City has received from
the County an official request for this dedication. We feel that discussion
has been going on here. Page Mill, how can we make it more efficient and
it's right around the corner. We are prepared to give this valuable land, if
we can agree together on a viable project such that we can afford to give it
up. Stay there, stay there. Let's talk about Palo Alto and the context. We
know and kind of acknowledge in this diverse community that is Palo Alto
that we're facing many challenges and conflicts. We are among the many in
the community that would like to—we've been here and we have a heart to
do what we can to address some of these issues which we'll talk about. We
are attempting to find a nexus between building something that's good for
the community and responds to reasonable City desires, but is also a viable
project that we can afford to build. As you might imagine, over three years
we've considered quite a few different things and given much consideration
to other than an all commercial building. This is the project we think makes
the most sense and fits best here. Again, we began the process with a PC
application in late 2012, then there was the PC timeout in February 3rd,
2014. We missed an exemption by one vote. Now, two years nine months,
water under the bridge after our initial application. We are seeking your
consideration for a modified and modest CC(2) project to see if it is in the
City's best interests and can fit this key corner location. Of course, this
project cannot in and of itself solve all of the City's challenges. We know
these challenges exist, but can we be realistic about what this site can do?
After all, it's 19,563 is how big it is. As the gateway to the renowned
Stanford Research Park, it is a unique site and has potential challenges and
opportunities and benefits. I'd like to ask the Council to recognize that it is
a small site and that whatever Palo Alto wants to do, let's work together to
make it work for all concerned. In the packet, you'll see a lot of information
about the site. Basically—Ken will cover this more—we're offering four
                                                                        Page 45 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
