                         TRANSCRIPT
think those service lanes are very important to the businesses there and
keeping that accessible behind the police station is important. A question
you can answer later is why the underground, connecting tunnel. I agree
with the speaker that we really need to look at the timing and how we could
accelerate this. Again, I asked the question earlier about the design/build
process. I'm wondering if that's something we could look at to keep the cost
down, avoid some variability for either of the projects, the garage or the
Public Safety Building. Personally, having looked at the plans submitted at
the meeting, I prefer the lower profile options, the two-story police building
and two-story parking garage. I like the parking garage with the retail. I'd
like to see kind of thinner retail along the entire block hopefully so we can
maximize the parking. Rather than a full-depth store, maybe we're looking
at some kind of ...

Council Member Kniss: What kind of retail?

Council Member DuBois: Shallower. Could be some kiosks or shallower kind
of retail. I am concerned about the budget. The range starts at our budget
and goes up. It seems like we're already over budget. I would suggest we
need to try to live within the budget and see how we can scale back the
plans from the beginning. It's 1.2 acres for the Public Safety Building; I
think we could have a really nice facility. If there are places to save money,
we should start looking at those now because the price is getting up there.
On the garage, I don't know if you did this. It might be nice to show income
from the retail rental that could offset the cost. There were a couple of
questions in there.

Mr. Sartor: Let me try to answer as best as I can recall; you may need to
remind me of a couple as we go along. The first was the tunnel between the
two buildings. That is actually an optional feature that we could look at
during the design phase. The two-story building does ...

Council Member DuBois: What's it for? The tunnel. It's just an emergency
exit or ...

Mr. Sartor: I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: What's the purpose of the tunnel?

Mr. Sartor: Mike, what was the ...

Mr. Ross: Because the Public Safety Building basement parking garage
houses first responder vehicles, it's important to have two means of egress
from the building in the event that one of the ramps gets blocked. What
we're proposing with the tunnel, which may or may not be necessary, is to
                                                                       Page 88 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
