                             MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach questioned whether the competition provided
options that would not have been provided through a Request for Proposal
(RFP) and remarked that the Council should not simply defer to the jury's
selection. The competition was primarily an architectural contest. Design,
construction, and lifetime costs should be inexpensive.       He asked if
mosquitoes were a consideration in designing the vernal pool of Submission
A, HNTB.

Mr. Eggleston believed the water was static.

Mr. Wilson advised that water in the vernal pool would act like water in the
Baylands. The vernal pool was a facility that treated storm water.

Council Member Wolbach inquired about lifetime costs and including those in
a contract.

Mr. Eggleston offered to provide that information at a later time. Neither
design was expected to have significant costs, and both were expected to
have long life spans.

Council Member Wolbach asked if construction times were comparable for
the designs.

Mr. Eggleston thought they would be the same.

Council Member Wolbach asked if a contract could provide penalties for
construction delays and overruns.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported public agencies could incentivize
prompt building in the construction phase. In the current phase, teams
were concerned with constructability.

Council Member Wolbach inquired whether the Moffat and Nichol design
addressed the PG&E easement.

Mr. Eggleston was not aware of a conflict between Submission C, Moffatt and
Nichol and the easement, as Moffat and Nichol had utilized the alignment
provided with the design guidelines.

Ms. Ames advised that a 20-foot easement and a 36-inch gas main were
located near the column proposed by Moffatt and Nichol. No structure
should be placed in the easement.

Mr. Sanchez reported that the column was located a sufficient distance from
the easement. If the City proceeded with the Moffatt and Nichol design,
they were to verify there was no conflict with the easement.

03/16/2015                                                           117- 108
