                          TRANSCRIPT

actually provide acceleration tracks and have the trains run at a maximum
speed of 30 miles an hour which would still give you the same time except
for rush hour when you still want the express trains. The same time to
destination as you're getting right now. I mean these are technological
discontinuities that are often not considered at all by the professionals in the
field, because there are no vendors currently. The vendors will arise. Like I
said, watch out for ridesharing, because it could do to Uber what Uber's
been doing to the taxi companies. It could dramatically improve our rush
hour congestion problems by reducing vehicle count. It could happen very,
very quickly and very suddenly. Thank you.

Andrew Boone: Good evening. My name is Andrew Boone. I live on
Woodland Avenue in East Palo Alto and serve on that city's Planning
Commission. I have been following the VTA sales tax pretty closely, because
it's not very often you are going to make a decision how to spend $6 billion
on transportation in the county. Every 15 or 20 years this comes up, so this
is the big one. I am glad to see that in your report is reflected definitely
that you see the future as being greater investments in transit, greater
improvements in bicycling, creating a real bicycle network, creating an
effective transit network. What is definitely missing from the project list is
anything to do with VTA's bus network. There's a lot of projects listed in
your Staff Report, that you would like to see a transit agency, Caltrain, that
isn't funded by the City to make improvements to. There hasn't been
anything in there about what are we going to do to make the bus system
better, the transit system that everyone can actually use. Caltrain's too
expensive for people on low incomes to use every day for commuting; it's
just not an option. If you're requesting improvements from another transit
agency, Caltrain that serves this City, please don't ignore the other one, VTA
buses. El Camino is the obvious, greatest improvement that we could have
with the Bus Rapid Transit system, but there are many routes we don't
have. For example, I'm a student at Foothill College right now. I can't go
from Palo Alto to Foothill College directly. I have to first go to downtown
Mountain View. There's just not routes, and they're just not frequent
enough. I think that the other big issue that I haven't seen discussion about
is this funding of the expressway network. This City Council and the
Planning Commission were very clear that expansions in capacity for cars at
rush hour is not the right direction to go. It's the direction we know we need
to not go. We need to reduce trips. What is happening in the rest of the
county? We don't live in a bubble, where people just drive around and walk
around inside Palo Alto. If the County puts Lawrence Expressway a level
down like Central is, that impacts people who live in Palo Alto. That impacts
people who visit Palo Alto. If there's a whole bunch more cars on Lawrence
                                                                         Page 60 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
