                         TRANSCRIPT
and, if there were documents, to document those. That work is well
underway. We've had one formal meeting, and we have another formal
meeting between the CAC and the CTC this week as well as a high volume of
both email and telephone exchanges responding to questions from the CAC.
We anticipate that work will be done before the end of this year, so within
the next few weeks. We were instructed by Council to begin discussions
with particularly two third-parties on the idea of a co-build, Google Fiber and
AT&T. The detail here is that we did want to determine clarification on the
word "co-build." Initially the Council motion talks about a co-build being
putting conduit in the ground. We've recently had a memo from the CAC,
the Citizens Advisory Committee, with a very different definition which
they've submitted and probably will talk to this evening. Once we've
established an agreement on what the co-build is, we have identified the
person, the leader, at Google to have the discussion with within just a few
days, once we coordinate that with the appropriate City Staff. We have not
yet engaged with AT&T, but we'll have progress on that within also a few
days. I'll try to make some pace here. The City Council instructed us to
immediately start to work on a dig-once ordinance, and the City Attorney
may speak to this a little later in the presentation. There's some depth to
that as well as really a lot of strategy to be determined. This possibly is a
strategy determination effort initially. We will talk to the RFI request. This
is to look to the marketplace to see who may partner with the City under
different models; I'll talk to that later. Here's some updates on the wireless
plan. You'll see the first item here, we have to update the forecasts. Those
have been completed. The remaining items, you'll see, are for additional
costs to be determined. Then moving forward once we get approval on the
funds to develop the RFP, we will begin moving forward with that unless we
get a reprioritization guidance from Council this evening. That is a status
quickly of all the motion items. Here's some supporting data. I do want to
let you know that discussions with Google Fiber has taken again additional
intensity over the last few days and weeks as they prepare for a Bay Area
announcement, what looks like now January of 2016. I'll let Google make
their own—sort of use their own words around this, but everything indicates
their inclination towards moving forward in the five Bay Area cities including
Palo Alto. You'll see that the needs in order to move forward with them are
considerable. Documents like the master license agreement for utility poles
is a document which requires input from Public Works, from Planning, from
the Attorney's Office. These are detailed documents that will be coming to
the Council very soon as a matter of public record, the documentation and
needs of Google for San Jose on their docket for December 1st. We don't
have anything yet in the public record around the other three cities. Toward
giving you a quick update on AT&T and their efforts to come to Palo Alto.
Just to confirm once again, they are coming to Palo Alto to bring their
service called GigaPower which is a gigabit fiber service. They've submitted
                                                                           Page 83 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
