                         TRANSCRIPT
what you're asking in an effective way, just knowing the expectations that
our community and the Council has. I'm sensitive to the fact that the
Staff—honestly, they're already spread too thin. We're bringing back—what?
Next week or something, another contract to bring in more outside
consultant assistance to support—I mean adding $350,000 in spending to
support new requests. I think we need to be able to focus on what you've
already assigned. That's my reaction. If you're not happy with it, then give
us six weeks and we'll come back with the data that would explicitly be able
to explain what the tradeoffs are in supporting one project versus another.

Council Member Berman: I'm going to support the amendment, but I'm
going to ask and hope that my more planning knowledgeable colleagues
essentially go through some of this thought process in terms of bringing
back during the Comp Plan process some things that they might think could
help achieve some of these objectives in different ways other than the PC
process. It's not ideal, but we've just got too much going on.

Council Member Filseth: I'm thinking about what the City Manager just said.
In some ways it almost seems like the difference between the motion and
the substitute motion is, because of what you just said, to do this sort of
assessment, that could take a long time. What's the status of PCs during
that time? At the moment, there are going to be sort of these zombie
things. I mean they exist, but we don't use them. It's sort of not clear. It
seems to me that our choice is between we kill them but maybe we'll bring
them back in the future or we've still got them but we don't use them.
Neither one of those things seems sort of terribly clean to me. Based on
what the City Manager said, I think at the very least I'm going to support
the amendment.

Mayor Holman: With due respect to the City Manager, truly, I'm not going
to support the amendment because of what Council Member Burt was saying
and I was saying earlier. I think this can help inform the Comp Plan
process. I'm okay with instead of Council Members and whoever doing as
much as they can do and come up with some thoughts that could help
inform the Comp Plan process. If we wait until after the Comp Plan process
is over to undertake this, then we've missed that opportunity. There's like
this real disconnect. I would ask colleagues just give us the chance to see
what we can do with very minimal Staff support, what we could bring back
to the Council for vetting to help inform the Comp Plan process itself. I will
not be supporting the amendment. Vote on the board please. We're voting
on the amendment which is to request that basically the substitute motion
does not take effect until after the Comprehensive Plan completion. That
amendment passes on a 6-3 vote with Mayor Holman, Council Member
Wolbach and Council Member Burt voting nay.
                                                                         Page 77 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
