                         TRANSCRIPT
Seven—excuse me a 6-2, 6-2 with Council Members Filseth and Wolbach
voting no. That is incorporated into the Motion.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Filseth, Wolbach no, DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: Going back to the main Motion. If I can see that. Going
back to the main Motion. I'm still interested in adding a "c" which was
essentially "b" from before but one year.

Council Member Kniss: Which was what, Karen?

Mayor Holman: One year. It's essentially what was "b" before but with one
year.

Council Member Scharff: Didn't we just vote on (inaudible) not going to be
raising some issue (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach:        We've moved onto another agenda item.
(inaudible).

Council Member Kniss:      (inaudible) complicated given that we've just
adopted (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: But "c" is one year, not six months. It's just a report
coming back from Staff to see if we've really created some kind of issue. Is
that acceptable, Liz? Liz is not accepting that. I'll offer it as a separate
amendment. I don't see a second to that. Council Member ...

Council Member Wolbach:     I actually have (crosstalk) if you'll allow me to
suggest an amendment.

Mayor Holman: You'll have to second it first.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT:        Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to add to the Motion, “to direct Staff to return within one year with
a report with potential action on Office/R&D development applications
outside of the boundaries.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I don't want to create a ton of work for
Staff. I don't think we need Staff to give us a big report about potential
development in other parts of the City, just let us know how many


                                                                      Page 93 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
