                          TRANSCRIPT
emerging where you actually invest in the dark fiber model and you control
that fiber, where it goes. You own that infrastructure. You own that. The
private partner is then providing the electronics and kind of the operation of
the business. That's a balance of what you can do good, and what they can
do good (crosstalk) and that type of thing.

Council Member Filseth: I think a lot of us look at that as sort of sensible.

Ms. Hovis: I don't think we've quite addressed your question about the
wireless-fiber hybrid. I would say only that to get that kind of very, very
fast speed with wireless, you need fiber really, really close to the user. It's
only that last bit that's going to be wireless. For wireless to even hope to
start to keep pace with the wire all the way to the user, the fiber has to
come pretty deep. Hopefully we will see lots of competition emerge in all
markets along these lines. I'm not sure that the markets actually exist to
enable more than three competitors in an optimal wireless world. Even
someone who comes in with a hybrid wireless-fiber option is going to have
to build fiber pretty deeply.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to thank everybody that's been deeply
engaged on this subject for a long time. Our Utilities Advisory Commission,
they had some good comments recently. Our Citizens Advisory Commission
put out a memo that I found very informative. We also got letters today
from Vince Johnson in Longmont, Colorado, and Chris Mitchell who's the
director of Community Broadband, the Institute for Self-Reliance. Those
letters are in our packets, if you guys haven't seen them. I'd suggest you
read those. Why are we talking about fiber? We have three private
companies coming, I think. Only 2 percent of the United States can say
that. It's very unusual. I think there's multiple reasons why we're still
talking about fiber. We're talking about private companies, but it's not really
clear what that means, where they're going to go, how much they're going
to charge, when they're going to get here. U.S. broadband is expensive and
poor quality. We pay more for less than practically anybody else in the
world. Accordingly to the Wall Street Journal, U.S. cable giants are making
a 97 percent margin on their internet services.          They have to see
competition before they consider even building fiber. Real world speeds
aren't near what they're advertised; I'm sure everybody's experienced that.
You subscribe, and they'll say up to a speed, but that's not the speed you
get. Then other ways performance is being interfered with, with data caps,
peering agreements. Again, Comcast is one of the biggest opponents to net
neutrality. At the same time, we have all these things, the internet of
things. Verizon Wireless uses more streaming. VR is coming. We have all
these increases in demand. There are a couple of other interesting things.
                                                                         Page 24 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
