                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I was going to hit that next, but that's separate from
this first question, which is should we extend it for the 3 megawatts and that
that would not have a time sunset unless Council took some subsequent
action to do so.

Council Member DuBois: I'm a little bit torn on that. I'd like to hear what
colleagues say. The idea of this table is important to me, because then the
project would have motivation to do it soon before the rate drops, if they
knew there was a schedule.

Council Member Burt: I see. The second half of Jane's comments about the
difficult of knowing how much it should drop. It's within this motion. It
doesn't say that you have to look out five or ten years, but you could look
within a reasonable horizon. You could make a proposal to the Finance
Committee of just the next phase of the program. You might say, "It drops
1 cent," or whatever based upon the visibility you would have. Other cities
and utility districts have actually done it this way already, so it's not like it's
something that would be strange to do. I do appreciate that you don't have
some infinite visibility over the horizon. We need to get something out on
the table for colleagues to respond to on whether or not to drop this one
year sunset.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, Council Member DuBois has not
accepted that as a second. Do you want to offer it as a separate
amendment?

Council Member Burt: Let me give him the option of up or down.

Council Member DuBois: You're proposing definitely removing it?

Council Member Burt: I am if you accept it.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I guess I'll accept it.

Council Member Burt: It would delete "or for one year."

Mayor Holman:       There's another location at the latter part of "c."
Clarification here. As part of "d," do you really need that add-on sentence
that says "subsequent years"?

Council Member Burt: It would be not for subsequent years. It would be for
subsequent increments of power or some phrasing.

Council Member DuBois: Subsequent caps.


                                                                             Page 49 of 56
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/27/15
