                         TRANSCRIPT

report from the intergovernmental panel on climate change. Recognizing
the implications that buildings have for affecting climate change, this
conference brings together national and international speakers to talk about
the ergonomics, mechanics, health and comfortability of sustainable and
passive housing design.      We've asked the Mayor to help kickoff the
conference. Attendees are invited to join Former Mayor Peter Drekmeier on
a bicycle tour of five completed buildings in Palo Alto on the next day,
Saturday, November 14th. For more information on the event, a complete
list of speakers, a conference agenda, tickets visit co2zeroca.org for a
complete list of speakers. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, you had something to add?

Council Member Berman: Yes, just a quick thing. I was going to mention at
the end of the meeting, but since the City Manager brought it up. The Cal.
Ave. Trick or Treat and Blossom Festival was awesome. One thing that I
would suggest—I don't know to what extent the City is involved in the
planning. The intersection at Cal. Ave. and Birch, which was where the
farmers market ended and the children's festival began, there needs to be
more kind of guidance of traffic there. I thought when I walked past it this
is a terrible idea. You've got cars coming through and so many little kids
and that kind of thing. I heard the same thing from a family that was there
that morning also. Just something to consider for next time.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Much appreciated.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I guess it shouldn't go without comment that
Council Members Kniss and DuBois and I were at Palo Alto High School
Friday doing the judging for the dances and floats for Spirit Week. What a
talented community of youth we have. Pretty amazing.

Council Member Kniss: I have it all on my phone if you want to watch it.

[The Council returned to Agenda Item Number 2]

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: With that then, we go to Oral Communications. I have but
one card under Oral Communications, which is Stephanie Munoz. You'll have
three minutes.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'd
like to report to you on a educational forum that our State Senator had
                                                                      Page 30 of 80
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript 10/26/15
