                         TRANSCRIPT
or 2nd, and then we have another one in November scheduled on different
elements of the plan.

Mayor Holman: We will get there shortly, I think. Council Member Kniss,
did you need to speak to the amendment?

Council Member Kniss: I'm just having trouble realizing—I can't imagine you
wouldn't come back to us with directly what this is. I don't think the
amendment adds anything. I think I would just assume that you would
come back to us with a more substantive discussion of the narrative. Am I
incorrect?

Ms. Gitelman: I think you're correct, Council Member Kniss. I think we've
clarified that that's—our current schedule calls for us to come back with a
complete package in January, another draft for the Council to look at that
would include vision, goals, narrative, policies and programs.

Council Member Kniss: Right. I'm fine without the amendment.

Mayor Holman: I'm actually going to support the amendment, because I
think it's kind of a no harm no foul. I think Staff and several people have
said it's kind of saying the same thing, but I think it's maybe a little bit
clarifying. The amendment is to add to the motion direct Staff to return to
Council for more substantive discussion of narratives supporting goals. Vote
on the board please. That passes on a 7-2 vote with Council Member Kniss
and Council Member Wolbach voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Kniss, Wolbach no
Mayor Holman: We return now to the main motion. I see no lights. I do
have just a smattering of things here, and then we need to look at our
agenda. I would like to incorporate—we've had this discussion tonight on
Policy C-28 having to do with the Parks Master Plan. I would like to
incorporate as an amendment here "incorporate reference also to the Urban
Forest Master Plan." Look to the maker of the motion to accept that.

Council Member DuBois: In a goal or a policy?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Which?

Mayor Holman: As a goal.

Council Member DuBois: I think it's referenced in some policies already. If
you want to call it out for a policy.
                                                                     Page 83 of 107
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/5/15
