                             MINUTES
medical benefits. Additional concerns were whether tenants would receive
the same level of service. He inquired about the Council's discretionary
control over those actions through approval of the change.

Ms. Silver advised that the item involved a zoning interpretation. In April,
the Council would be asked to provide a $1 million loan. Stephenson House
had a long history of partnership with the City. The City could pursue many
avenues to address issues.

Ms. Gitelman reported the loan item in April would be accompanied by a
commitment to a regulatory agreement to ensure the long-term affordability
of the senior housing. In that context, the Council most likely would not
consider the entity selected to manage the facility. An agreement would
ensure the affordability and level of services that were required.

Council Member Burt had heard concerns regarding changes to the level of
service and the new for-profit management company.         He wanted to
understand the Council's discretionary approval and the City's leverage to
ensure services remained consistent.

Ms. Gitelman suggested the Council view the regulatory agreement as a
vehicle to ensure the level of service. The Applicant could speak to its
intentions to ensure the level of services and to address concerns.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff could explain why the management and
employee status changes had to occur concurrently with the tax exempt
agreement.

Jill Harris as a resident of Stephenson House knew the value of affordable
housing. Residents of Stephenson House were not informed of changes in
staff. Residents wanted honesty and the support of staff.

Patrick O’Reagan, Applicant, advised that Board Members of Stephenson
House were all volunteers and committed to retaining Stephenson House as
affordable housing. The Board was working on a low-income housing tax
credit deal, the most common method for rehabilitating affordable housing.
As part of the deal, the Board had to utilize a management company
approved by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD). The Board wanted to maintain the high level of services that
residents currently enjoyed.

Lydia Tan, Stephenson House volunteer, previously worked as a professional
consultant to Stephenson House to assist with recapitalizing the project.
Stephenson House indicated a desire to retain local non-profit control of the


03/09/2015                                                             117- 74
