                             MINUTES
      Adoption of a Resolution 9502 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the
      City of Palo Alto Approving the Issuance of Revenue Bonds by the
      California Municipal Finance Authority for the Purpose of Financing the
      Acquisition and Rehabilitation of a Multifamily Rental Housing Facility.

James Keene, City Manager, reported the City filled a routine and
perfunctory role related to allowing public comment regarding conduit
financing. Vice Mayor Schmid's question regarding affordable senior rental
housing would be addressed at the April 20, 2015 Council meeting.

Public Hearing opened at 8:06 P.M.

Phyllis Cassel, Rehabilitation Task Force Chair, requested the Council
approve issuance of bonds.

Jill Harris did not understand how the acquisition would be handled.
Residents of Stevenson House were unsettled by the loss of the Executive
Director and staff. Stevenson House was zoned for nonprofit while the
management company was a for-profit entity.

Public Hearing closed at 8:09 P.M.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that a complex financial vehicle was
used to finance rehabilitation of low-income senior housing. Perhaps Ms.
Cassel could provide more tactical information. Staff was satisfied there was
no concern regarding noncompliance with zoning.

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director, suggested            a
representative of the conduit financing agency clarify acquisition.

Ben Barker, California Municipal Finance Authority, explained that the
acquisition and rehabilitation was simply restructuring the ownership entity
in order to apply for tax credits. The project would continue to be held with
the same nonprofit entity.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt a resolution approving the issuance of the bonds by the
California Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Palo Alto
Senior Housing Project, Inc. Stevenson House LP (Borrower).

Council Member Scharff recalled the Council had previously discussed the
Stevenson House Project, and asked colleagues to approve the project
again.

Council Member Kniss stated Stevenson House had been a good example of
low-income housing for many years. Supporting it was important.

04/06/2015                                                             117- 173
