                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: It won't automatically come to the Council.

Ms. Silver: Correct, correct.

Council Member Wolbach:           Whereas,    under   current   procedure,         it
automatically goes to the Council.

Ms. Silver: That's correct. We are recommending this in order to kind of
align our process with State law that requires the actual decision maker to
make a decision on CEQA. It really is a small number of decisions, because
we don't do a lot of EIRs here. I think this only comes up in the EIR context.

Council Member Wolbach: That's exactly what my initial line of questioning
was about. That's a little bit different from what I was hearing earlier. Just
so I don't end up voting against my own Motion, I guess the next question is
do we need to do that in order to be in compliance with State law. It sounds
like you're saying that's the whole point of this, that we're out of alignment
with State law. I know what it says here. We've gone back and forth on
this, and I've heard a couple of different answers about this question. That's
why I'm coming back a third time.

Ms. Silver: It is a complicated a issue. I think there are two different ways
to come into compliance with State law. One is as we've suggested. The
second way to come into compliance would be to completely restructure
your Zoning Code so that all decisions are made by the Council, both the
underlying entitlement decision and the CEQA decision, in which case there
would really be no appeal. The Council wouldn't serve as an appeal body; it
would just hear all of these issues in the first instance.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not interested in increasing the workload that
comes to Council right now. I'm also not interested in ending a current
practice of Council review and approval, where it currently happens and
delegating that to the Staff level at this point. I think that there would be a
lot of discomfort with that in the community. I'm wondering if that's maybe
something that, even if we approve it tonight, maybe further discussion
about changing who the decision maker is for various CEQA actions, maybe
we discuss in the future.

Mayor Holman: Can I suggest that—I also have questions on this one. I'm
wondering if—I think there are going to be a couple of things we're going to
want to come back to us.

Mr. Keene: May I make a suggestion? I'm sorry. You guys have been
going 3 1/2 hours on this which starts to take its toll on the response rate
I'm hearing and the questions and everything. When we're doing the budget
                                                                        Page 98 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
