                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't think the intention is to include CC(2).

Council Member DuBois: Right now what is excluded is PF, PTOD, CC(2)(P)
and PC.

Mayor Holman: Right. If you look at the map, Council Member DuBois,
CC(2) is south of California Avenue, the backside of California Avenue, and
north of the backside of California Avenue. We are changing the boundaries
to include the part that's north of California Avenue. We are not making any
changes to what's south of California Avenue. If we included—Staff, correct
me if I'm wrong here—the CC(2) that's south of California Avenue, it'd be a
very different Ordinance than what we're looking at right now.

Council Member DuBois:      It's the one that's excluded here which is the
restaurant, I believe.

Mr. Lait: I believe you're looking at this, kind of up in the corner here,
Council Member DuBois? Is this the one in question?

Mayor Holman: I was looking at a different map. Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. We're talking about within the Combining
District, there are these exclusions, CC(2)(P). I guess the only one is that
one you're pointing to with the arrow.

Mr. Lait: That's actually a PC zoned; that's the other PC zoned property. As
I'm understanding the motion, two properties in this area are PC zoned.
This is one of them, and then there's another one on—actually I think it's
this one here on Cambridge, I believe is the other PC zone. That's actually a
City parking lot. A City parking lot here, and then the other PC zone is this
one with the restaurant and the multifamily.

Council Member DuBois: You're saying CC(2)(P) is a PC zone?

Mr. Lait: CC(2) is the zoning for most of this area that you see in purple and
in green. The P is another Combining District, pedestrian overlay, which
applies on California, but it's not been extended over to the green hatched
area.

Council Member DuBois: Do you understand that?

Mayor Holman:     Yeah, you lost me on that one.      Apologies.     Would you
repeat that?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. California Avenue has a CC(2) zoning with an R overlay
which we've been discussing and a P overlay on Cal. Ave. The P overlay is
                                                                         Page 72 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
