                         TRANSCRIPT
Stephen Levy: Hi. I'm Stephen Levy. I'm a member of the CAC but, like
Elaine, speaking for myself. You've heard tonight and in the previous
meeting and in lots of letters ideas about housing from residents. I don't
need to add to that. As a member of the Committee, I have three requests.
In the Land Use Element, ask us to join with you in pursuing these ideas,
discussing them, bringing them back to you in our joint meeting, discussing
them. Give us direction to listen to the residents, think about location, think
about type, think about the community and come back to you. When you
revisit the Housing Element—the last Council when they adopted it, pledged
to come back and talk not about the number of units, but about where the
best location, what might be the best type. Now we've heard to think about
what are the kind of people we want to be living in Palo Alto. Ask us to join
with you in that discussion. Use us as the Committee. I have a third
request. It's completely different. I've been talking to people who really
work 24/7 about homelessness. The one technical finding that seems to be
true at the national level is that housing isn't enough. Housing needs to be
combined with services. We have the Land Use Element, we have the
Housing Element, we have the Community Services Element. I'm asking
you to give us direction so that that connection between housing for
homeless people and services for homeless people doesn't get lost in the
multitude of elements, but gets connected together so it comes back to you,
even though it might be part of three Elements. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Edie Keating.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. I can only endorse
what all the people before me have said and not repeat it. What I want to
say is that it's purely practical. If you took Econ 1 in college, they told you
that price is a function of supply versus demand. You know, since you live
here, that every land use decision Palo Alto has made for the last 50 years
has gone toward reducing the supply of housing from Arastra to the Stanford
Industrial Park, right straight up to Buena Vista. I think that the idea of
building industry so that we can take the money and leave other cities to
take care of the social services of the workers and educate the children is
not very honest. I have to agree with me that California Supreme Court
which in Serrano decision said you may not do that. The Serrano decision
was about this guy out in Central Valley, and this Serrano was getting a
terrible education. He said the California Constitution says that all children
in California have to get the same education. You cannot keep all the
goodies for yourself and let somebody else take these wretched little rugrats
and do something with them. I submit that it's now time to realize that
we're going to have to educate everybody in the state. It's good; that's
what's going to make America prosperous and grow. Investing in the
education and not in just getting them money to have the education. I
                                                                        Page 44 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
