                         TRANSCRIPT
back and celebrated with them. Thank you very much, Mayor. I appreciate
being there as well as Council Member Berman.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, if I might quickly say? First of all, we do have a
Healthy City Healthy Community initiative, on the last point. I thought I
would add again that amongst many things Ray Bacchetti also served as co-
chair for the 18-month period that the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission (IBRC) was going on. I think that Ray would have been hardly
smiling externally but eating up the little video that we showed. Obviously
his leadership has borne fruit along with his other IBRC members and the
Council in a plan that's going to last for the next couple of generations.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that addition.

Council Member Kniss: Jim, I wanted to ask you a couple of questions that
relate to water. One of the NPR segments today dealt with Santa Cruz,
which apparently off-and-on has offered a water school. It is in-lieu of
paying a fine, if you are apparently caught either by the water police or
caught by whatever other means. Could you say a little more about where
we're going to go proactively with this? Or maybe retroactively.

Mr. Keene: What I would suggest, I don't know if Val wants to chime in.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe we don't have plans yet.

Mr. Keene: One of the great things about our town, of course, is that not
only will we be generating new ideas, we don't hesitate to borrow from other
places.    I would expect hearing more things like your water school
suggestion pouring in, pun intended. Val. We are still in development. I
mean we have a lot of existing programs related to both incentivizing and
educating folks.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director: Just to be clear, we've got an enforcement
process, but most of it is focused on education. Probably the last stage is
the water police stage where we actually impose fines.

Council Member Kniss: Water police or not? Not yet.

Mr. Keene: Could I just add again? It's worth repeating what we've talked
about over this past year. When we were dealing with a voluntary 10
percent reduction, we were able to achieve over that period a 16 percent
reduction just in that setting. We don't want to underestimate the task
that's before us as a community, but our feeling is that with the Palo Alto


                                                                       Page 13 of 92
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/11/15
