                             MINUTES
John Northway, Applicant, remarked that the project suffered from many
complexities in both jurisdictional rules and site constraints. Rules of three
jurisdictions often conflicted. The site was constrained by a 30-foot height
limit, rear setback lines, daylight plane, and polluted groundwater. The
building was pushed forward on the site to keep it away from neighbors.
The rear of the building was 27 feet from the back property line, with houses
42-77 feet from the rear property line. The building was set back 17 feet
from the curb to provide room for trees and pedestrians. Because the
County of Santa Clara (County) controlled Page Mill Road and did not allow
street trees, the Applicant requested a DEE to set the building back from the
curb 17 feet. The site was close to bus stops and the train station. Parking
at the site conformed to regulations for mixed-use buildings. A parking
demand management study showed that between 10:00 A.M. and 2:00
P.M., peak hours, demand was 79 cars. The City required a 10 percent
safety factor, resulting in a demand of 87 cars. The project would provide
space for 91 cars. Bike racks and lockers were provided to encourage
alternative transportation. A Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
Program would include transit passes and would be reviewed yearly. The
Applicant attempted to address neighbors' concerns regarding parking and
traffic by implementing a TDM Program and supporting the County's desire
to eliminate street parking on Page Mill Road. Noise and light pollution were
addressed through placing lighting on the roof or inside the building. Light
from offices was addressed through the use of automatic shades that closed
at night.    Neighbors selected the trees for the planting screen.         The
Applicant believed the project conformed to Policy H-2 of the Housing
Element.

Leigh Prince, attorney for Applicant, advised that the State Density Bonus
Law was implemented by the Palo Alto Municipal Code, which meant the
Density Bonus Law controlled but the City set forth application procedures to
request off-menu incentives. The three requested incentives contributed
significantly to the economic feasibility of the low-income units, which was
the stated intent of the State Density Bonus Law. Kaiser Marston Associates
(KMA) concluded that requested incentives were required to make the
affordable housing possible. A Mitigated Negative Declaration (MND), which
the PTC recommended for adoption, concluded impacts were less than
significant. The requested incentives were legal. Substantial evidence
included facts, reasonable assumptions predicated on facts, and expert
opinion supported by facts. KMA was an expert and tested all the data and
assumptions in the pro forma. KMA concluded that incentives were needed
to offset the cost of affordable housing. With the development return
approach, KMA concluded that concessions were needed because returns
were less. KMA completed a value at completion analysis and concluded
that no adjustments to the original analysis were necessary.
                                                                        Page 11 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
