                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It was. Thanks for that clarification. I thought it
was included in here actually, a picture of it. Some of my questions, I'll
rattle through them, and you can answer them later. This 20 percent for
project engineering and 15 percent for construction, is that pretty standard?
I'd like to echo the comments on the Google money. I think we need to
understand exactly what we're paying to get that money. My real question.
Page 8 says that bridge costs have gone up about 50 percent. There doesn't
seem to be disagreement on that.              There's a letter in here from
November 25 where Moffatt & Nichol said that they could value engineer it
to lower prices that seems to be within our budget range. My question is
kind of what's going on. Why switch from Moffatt? Why wasn't a price-
reduced option considered? Kind of where I'm headed is—in the interest of
time, I'd like to see us set a budget, give them a chance to respond. My last
question is what approvals do we already have and what we'd be losing if we
started with an RFP.

Mr. Eggleston: I think I caught three questions there to answer. The first
was whether a 20 percent design fee was standard. No, we don't think so.
We had a lot of discussions with Moffatt & Nichol about this, where
essentially they were saying that because of the one-of-a-kind nature and
complexity of their design, it necessitated a higher than usual design fee.
We would think that design fee should be more on the order of 15 percent or
in that neighborhood. You had a question about the cost being up 50 ...

Council Member DuBois: The construction management fee of 15 percent.

Mr. Eggleston: 15 percent, that could vary maybe 10-15 percent. That's
probably also something that's going to vary along with the complexity of
what you're building. You referenced the Caltrans bridge index costs being
up 50 percent. Yes, we know that costs have been increasing. For a couple
of years now, we've been coming to Council with items on the design
competition and the bridge project and mentioning that our number is
essentially old and that we know costs are increasing.         We had this
discussion with the Council before the design competition and specifically got
guidance to make sure that we kept that construction cost at 8 million, and
even in fact to back out the contingency and try to make it clear in the
design guidelines that 7.2 million was really the construction cost budget
that we had available.

Council Member DuBois: Now you're asking for a budget of 13-17. It
looked like they suggested some lower cost options. It actually seems like
you're kind of in the range.



                                                                      Page 115 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
