                          TRANSCRIPT
of uses that would be allowed of a private property owner on a site that's
zoned PF. I don't, off the top of my head—I can't off the top of my head
think of another example where we have a privately owned PF zoned site
that's been developed.

Council Member Kniss: In addition to that then, Council Member Wolbach
has just suggested an intense use for residential. What problems would the
existing flume, which does exist—I don't know if it's to the depth that Bob
Moss suggested or not. I don't recall that now. It is significant and it
actually affected the price. Could you say something about that? I'm sure
we have at some point cleaned up a Super Fund site and put something on
that that probably is more than office. Do you have any background on
that? That's probably been sometime back.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, again. That's a very good question. Generally
this is one of the topics we would analyze if the Council has sufficient
interest in rezoning of this site. We would have to look at hazardous
materials-related impacts. These kinds of impacts, while they require some
investigation, consultation with the regulatory agencies involved, can
generally be mitigated. You can generally adopt an approach to remediation
and controls during construction and potentially post-construction to address
the concerns.

Council Member Kniss: I'm just going to play this out, not as a supporter or
a detractor. The kind of suggestion that Cory has made is a possibility. I
didn't say a probability. I didn't say a likelihood. I simply said that is in the
realm of a possibility given mitigations that could be attached to some sort
of plan in the future. I don't mean to put you on the spot.

Ms. Gitelman: Knowing what I know now, which is not very specific to this
site, I believe we could consult with the regulatory agencies and come up
with a mitigation strategy that would permit residential development on the
site.

Council Member Kniss: That's very helpful. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:        Thanks.    It seems to me that there's two
constituencies here: the property owner and the community. Commercial
real estate investing is a high risk, high return business. One of the risks is
that you're exposed to municipal zoning decisions. It seems to me that the
Council's responsibility to the development industry is to be transparent and
not go around capriciously changing zoning without warning. Our role in the
zoning itself ought to be focused on the best interests of the community. In
                                                                         Page 55 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
