                          TRANSCRIPT
Elaine Meyer: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Members of the Council.
It's refreshing to hear Edie Keating use the word ethical. It's not a word I
hear used around here a whole lot. It's quite an interesting concept. One
problem in the housing situation that nobody mentions is the influx of
billionaires completely screwing up the real estate market and pushing out
the middle class. A house on the block next to me was open this weekend,
and they're charging $5 million, and they'll probably get that or more, given
the market as it is. I don't know what you can do about it, but it certainly is
part of the problem. There's a lot of discussion about the demand for
housing. I think it might be useful to know something about the supply. As
some of you may know, I've been keeping track of new housing
developments in Palo Alto for many years. I made up a spreadsheet; I
imported the data into a Google spreadsheet which makes it easy to look at
it. I keep track of the new housing, not individual homes and not buying
and selling, but just new added units. Since the last Comp Plan, my total is
4,073 units. We love data. It's data. What you can do with it, I'm not sure.
Again, as I say, that does not include individual homes or Stanford housing
or commercial properties, but only new added housing. I had copies for you,
and I'll give some to the Staff. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Yes?

Council Member Berman: Can I ask a question?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Hi. Just one question. Sorry. I see here that
you've got—the third site listed is the Fry's site, 340 Portage Avenue, 374
units. It says that's zoned for housing. Is this a list of housing that's been
built or ...

Ms. Meyer: Built or in the process of being built, yes.

Council Member Berman: There's no housing ...

Ms. Meyer: It comes—excuse me?

Council Member Berman: I wasn't aware of housing in the process of being
built at the Fry's site. It's the third one down; it's the 370 ...

Ms. Meyer: The Fry's site is zoned for housing.

Council Member Berman: This includes zoned for housing?

Ms. Meyer: Yeah.

                                                                        Page 46 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
