                          TRANSCRIPT
changes and interpretations Staff are making. I don't mean to say this
negatively about Staff, because I actually don't believe this to be true. If we
perceive Staff to be running amok and making changes and stuff that we
disagree with, at that point I'd actually put it on Tier 2 and say let's look at a
better process. This is clearly a better process than what we have now.
Let's not make—what's the old saying? Let's not make the perfect the
enemy of the good. That's the perfect saying. I think this is good. I think
the quarterly report allows us to take a look at it, get to see it. The only
thing I have to admonish Staff is there's a lot of quarterly reports that you
guys have to do. I think this is one of the more important ones. Let's just
make sure we do actually get it on a quarterly basis and it's prioritized.

Mr. Keene: Maybe we could trade some of those quarterly reports for this
one.

Council Member Scharff: I'll put that in the parking lot as a general thing. If
you went through all the quarterly reports, a lot of them, I think, are
completely unnecessary. I'd be surprised if every Council Member reads
them.

Council Member Berman: Every one.

Council Member Scharff: Besides Berman, who reads every one.

Council Member Filseth: Every day.

Council Member Scharff: Every day. In fact, I heard he quit his job just to
read these reports. That's what I have.

Mayor Holman: I'm so sorry, Marc. I have one, maybe two amendments to
the Motion. One is the grandfathered facilities. I started to look this up.
What page ...

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) on page 6 of the (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Is it on page 6 of the ordinance?

Council Member Wolbach: I see it on page 6 right in the middle.

Mayor Holman: I'm looking for the building envelope language that Staff
had proposed. Where are you?

Mr. Lait: Mayor, that might be in 18.18, a further chapter. A group ...

Mayor Holman: Maybe it's in one of the other lumps, one of the other
groups. It is in the other group then. Thank you for that. On the Zoning
                                                                          Page 65 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 12/7/15
