                         TRANSCRIPT
and our required manufacturing processes, the plate shop has always been
and will always need to be an integral part of our manufacturing
infrastructure. Without it, we wouldn't be able to make the lifesaving
products that treat cancer patients and protect the men and women of the
US military. We're a major company, and we're subject to requirements of
our US Government contracts as well as Federal, State and local oversight
agencies. Safety has always been a top priority for CPI. Our employees
including all of our plate shop employees have excellent safety records.
While we acknowledge that an unpleasant odor traveled into the
neighborhood in 2006, the use of our plate shop is not a danger to the CPI
neighbors.      Based on the findings of three separate third-party
environmental firms, there is no realistic worst-case scenario that would or
could cause a danger to the neighbors. Despite this indisputable fact, we've
continued to make investments that further enhance the safety of our
operations. We've continued to reduce our onsite chemicals to the point that
our Title 19 chemicals are now at the lowest level they've been in our
recorded history. We've added the implementation of additional redundancy
to our safety features and alarm systems, all exceeding regulatory
requirements. We've improved the communication protocol with the Palo
Alto Fire Department. If there's even a hint of an issue, we contact the Fire
Department. I feel that the proposed ordinance solely attacks CPI without
justification and would definitely have a significant impact on our company's
viability. That's no small thing. There are very few companies worldwide
who are able to make the products that we make that end up protecting our
military and civilian lives. The ordinance unfairly penalizes our company and
our company's employees based on unsupported fears of some very vocal
Palo Alto residents. We plan to continue to operate CPI in Palo Alto, and I
can assure you that we will continue to act as a very responsible and very
safe Palo Alto neighbor. The next two speakers are CPI employees. I
purposely did not seek participation from more of our nearly 600 local
employees, because the level of intensity that some of the people bring to
this issue can and has been daunting to face. I'm aware of a few recent
incidents in which CPI employees and their families were privately and
unpleasantly confronted on the issue. This is unacceptable to me, and it
should be unacceptable to all of us. For this reason, I have made it very
clear to our employees that they do not need to publicly identify themselves
and take on the responsibility of speaking for CPI. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.     Marina Remmel to be followed by Sue
Courchaine.

Marina Remmel, CPI Employee: Good evening. My name is Marina Remmel,
and I'm a lifelong Palo Alto resident and homeowner as well as a long-term
employee at CPI. My family has resided in Palo Alto since 1959, and I was
                                                                          Page 50 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
