                          TRANSCRIPT
CalPERS. They're calling them, the flexible glide path option is one. With
this option, it would occur during a period of above-average returns, i.e., the
7 1/2, if there was a return above that. Reduce the discount rates based on
how far the return is above the expected rate, so anything excess. Part of
those excess earnings then would go towards risk mitigation of the future
volatility. They're trying to do some of the stuff we're talking about, but
CalPERS taking the initiative. This would only occur during the good years.
That's one option. The second option they're talking about is similar to the
first one, but it would be based on what they're calling checkpoints. Every
four years there would be a reduction in the rate of return assumption of, for
example, 15 basis points. No matter what was going on in the market, good
or bad, they would automatically have that reduction. These are the two
options that the Board is going to consider in September. We're being asked
to provide input. I just got that update today, so we've got to scramble here
pretty quickly to figure out how do we provide some input into that. It is
something that the Board is trying to tackle this year.

Council Member Burt: Thanks.

Council Member Berman: Thanks. Just to follow up with that. You said that
the CalPERS Board is going to be considering that in September?

Mr. Perez: That is my understanding. I haven't had a chance to flush it all
out. I just got the update this afternoon from our (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: I know I saw somewhere that Governor Brown's
kind of pushing them to take a much more aggressive strategy on these
issues, whether or not ...

Mr. Perez: It is a tough issue for the Board, because obviously labor has a
lot of say and pressure. This would mean that our rates are already going
up as a result of the demographic adjustment, the shorter amortization
period, the 30-year closed amortization. This on top of all of that. Some of
the cities that are more constrained are obviously ...

Council Member Berman: Asking them to kind of slow down a little bit.

Mr. Perez: ... saying, "No thank you, not right now."

Council Member Berman: Then the question becomes if they don't do what
we feel was the fiscally prudent thing to do, what can we do in addition to
that, whether it's these Section 115 trusts or what have you, to take those
extra steps that we think are responsible. A couple of questions on—I guess
a couple of question that we've had from Mr. Bartel are—he showed us a
graph that compared us to other cities on certain metrics, just from what
                                                                         Page 21 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
