                         TRANSCRIPT
2014 traffic congestion or delay has grown between 33 and 55 percent on
the main intersections in Palo Alto. People in the survey earlier this evening
said traffic is an issue. Yet, repeatedly we have these EIRs where it says the
City Council votes that there is no measurable impact. You look at the traffic
analysis, and you expect there to be maybe a technical document, but a
document that is transparent to your average Council Member. I pick up the
data that comes from that, and it comes from the ITE manual. It doesn't
come from local conditions. The ITE manual has interpreted through the
VTA model. The VTA model does a projection of cumulative impacts out to
2035. When you look at the Kimley-Horn document about cumulative
impacts, it has a very dramatic statement that says the Page Mill/El Camino
intersection in 2035 will deteriorate substantially from today where it already
is at a "F" level. The El Camino/Grant will have double the amount of traffic
and will be an "F" intersection. The cumulative impacts have this, but then
they look at this particular thing and say compared to that cumulative
amount, this isn't big enough to change that. Yet, to change that is just
each of these applications we approve. Someone pointed out it's like
smoking a cigarette.        One cigarette isn't going to give you cancer.
Eventually you'll go to the doctor and he'll say, "You have cancer." The
question we have to confront here or somewhere is there is cumulative
impact. It's obviously beginning to show up on Park Avenue and will get
dramatically worse on Park. This is contributing to it. There's one very
specific number that's striking here. On page 3.3-9, there is an estimate of
the increased number of cars expected entering into Park Avenue from
Grant. It says the impact of almost tripling the square footage of office
space is 0.2 percent increase in the number of trips coming out. That
doesn't make any sense. One of the letters says this doesn't make sense,
and I agree. Where does that number come from? How does it get there?
3.3-10 says the impact of increasing office space from 8.6 thousand square
feet to 24.5 thousand square feet is a net increase of 18 new trips. That's
0.2 percent, while the increase in square footage is almost three times 300.
I don't get it. I don't think I can vote to say the City Council accepts that
there is no cumulative impacts on traffic without better numbers, more
transparent, explicit numbers on this and each major project that we deal
with. Any comment?

Katherine Waugh, Dudek: Good evening. I'm Katherine Waugh with Dudek.
We prepared the EIR. The numbers that Vice Mayor Schmid is looking at on
page 3.3-10, those are only for during the P.M. peak hour. If you look at
the total daily trips, it was the 246 number that's on the prior page. In
terms of the way that the cumulative analysis is approached, you're correct
that the analysis shows that there would be a significant impact in the
cumulative scenario. That's just considering all of the development that's
anticipated in the City. We apply the specific standards that the City has
                                                                        Page 73 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
