                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:       We have art and dance studios included in
personal uses, so you could see maybe music. Then you get to these large
SAT preps and it's across the line. I can't remember the name of the chain,
it used to be in Piazza's. There was a toddler play area. Will we consider
that company commercial recreation?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Was it accessory to the grocery store or was it a
separate use?

Council Member DuBois: It was a separate retail location where you take
your kids in and they play and they had classes for toddlers.

Ms. Gitelman: Was it My Gym or something like that?

Council Member Dubois: Yeah, exactly.

Ms. Gitelman: If it was commercial recreation, a use permit would be
required. If we found it to be more like a personal service, then it would be
a permitted use. Again, it really comes down to an interpretation. We'd
have to research exactly how those uses were permitted going backward.

Council Member DuBois: Looking at your pipeline slide, which was excellent.
That was one of the questions I had. Real estate office, is that considered ...

Ms. Gitelman: It's interesting. That particular use was permitted as some
definition that doesn't exist anymore, neighborhood business services or
something like that. Now it would be a business office.

Council Member DuBois: So it would not be allowed. The conversion of the
real estate to the bank is a change of use and it requires a conditional use?

Ms. Gitelman: Right. In this case though, it was a driving school, oh, oh, a
real estate office to bank. You're right. It's two different uses. A use
permit would be required for the bank. Under the terms of the Ordinance, a
new use permit would not be allowed unless financial services were added to
the list.

Council Member DuBois: Even though real estate was an office and a bank
was an office, it's not under the same CUP?

Ms. Gitelman: They're different use permits.        Under the terms of this
Ordinance as we read it, it would not be allowed.

Council Member Kniss: Following up on what Tom just talked about. It
sounds as though there will be lots of individual decisions that will be made.
Most of us may think of this as California Avenue or University, but there are
                                                                         Page 23 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
