                          TRANSCRIPT
This is saying we don't ever have to approve a specific plan. The whole
thing is specific plans will still come to the community, it'll come to the
Council. We still have to approve them. This is saying that we're leaving
open the opportunity to not tie our hands in advance.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Wolbach
moved, seconded by Council Member XX to add to the Substitute Motion,
“half of” after “reduced by.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, do you accept that?

Council Member Filseth: I'm thinking about the ramifications of that. I
understand where you're going. I'm not comfortable with that. I'm thinking
about is there some way we leave this to Staff to come up with a
recommendation on how much to reduce it. The thing that makes it
complex is the time. Let's say there was only a one-year horizon, and there
were two areas, Cal. Ave. and Downtown. It's a total of 50,000 square feet.
We come up with a coordinated area plan for Cal. Ave. that says 25,000
square feet in Cal. Ave. It seems obvious to me that the Downtown area
gets 25,000 square feet; otherwise, we've just raised the cap. Does that
make sense?

Council Member Wolbach: Right. The point is ...

Council Member Filseth: The problem is that it's over time. We'll say the
Cal. Ave. area we see a total of 125,000 square feet, but it's undetermined
how much time it's over. How do we apply that to the annual cap? Does
that make sense? If we said the Cal. Ave. gets 25,000 square feet per year,
then it's easy. We reduce the annual cap somewhere else. We don't know
that the coordinated area plan for the Cal. Ave. is going to say that. Am I
over-complicating this? I'm trying not to raise the cap.

Council Member Wolbach: The point is that this is an exemption in the
remote possibility that we agree on a specific plan in the next two years,
which is unlikely anyway. I'm optimistic, but it's still unlikely.

Council Member Filseth:    I'm hopeful we'll get there on Cal. Ave.       That
should be a priority.

Mayor Holman: Do you accept the amendment or not?

Council Member Filseth: I think not.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK
OF A SECOND

                                                                   Page 104 of 145
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 6/15/15
