                          TRANSCRIPT
over 400 pieces in both of our Matadero and Adobe hotspots. Just a few
weeks ago in September, over 900 pieces. I want to remind you these are
very small reaches of our creeks. This does include all the plastic foam that
we've found. For example, last Friday when we went back down to our
booms to remove a lot that had been washed down after the first rains. We
definitely see it there. If we were to follow that creek and go out to the Bay,
we would see plastic pollution in the Bay. The San Francisco Estuary
Institute completed a study this year, and they found up to 2 million pieces
of plastic litter per square kilometer in their study. You have already heard
and we have already known for quite some time that most of the ocean litter
comes from land, and most of it is plastic too. It doesn't just stay in the
water column. This is a picture of a new kind of rock that is now being
formed because of plastic litter that settles to the bottom of the ocean. This
is called a plastiglomerate. They're washing up now on Hawaii beaches. It's
when plastic litter settles to the bottom where there's a lot of volcanic
activity and mingles with the rock and becomes a new kind of rock that's
washing up on our beaches. We're now also seeing plastic litter in table salt
that we buy, because salt is harvested often from ocean or marine sources.
We're seeing it locally. Two studies that were done this year, one that was
just released, showed our fish in the Bay and also fish caught along Half
Moon Bay all had plastic litter in their stomachs. This is a local pollution
issue for us as well. It's also a zero waste problem for us. Last year, just
last year alone, we disposed of 114 tons of plastic foam. It's kind of hard to
imagine what that looks like, so I have brought some props for you. This is
about 1 cubic foot of plastic foam. For us to get enough to equal 114 tons,
we would need to have over half a million bags just like this. I'll leave that
out there for dramatic purposes. If that's hard to visualize, because it's hard
for me to visualize, how much half a million is, we converted this to 30-yard
bins which we sometimes collect polystyrene in. We need 626 of those. We
decided to figure out how many Council chambers it would take to fill. It
would take 21 of these Council chambers from where you sit over to the
wood doors back there. That was just from last year; that doesn't count all
the previous years. Clearly this is a zero waste issue as well. It's a creek
issue for us still despite all the things we do to keep litter out of our creeks.
We have two annual creek cleanup events.               We have regular street
sweeping. We have trash capture devices. We have these floating booms
that are in both Matadero and Adobe Creek during the dry season, which
collects litter. This is a picture of myself and Brian Jones in the creek during
our last creek cleanup event. This is right under Adobe. We want to show
you what it looks like when you're in there trying to pull out those
polystyrene pieces. From the bridge, it doesn't look like a lot. You can see a
few of these little white specks that are down there. When you get down
close—I've got a probe that I'm wearing—you start seeing more of it. It
gets stuck under that green stuff, which is called duck week. When you get
                                                                             Page 53 of 71
                                                              City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/9/15
