                             MINUTES
precluded the Council from considering schools in some way at the current
time.

Ms. Nanda based her claim of an intentional omission of schools on the
record of Council meetings. The Council should not rewrite existing law.
Reading more into an Ordinance than was contained in the Ordinance was
unusual.

Council Member Wolbach disagreed in that inclusive language allowed
consideration of some things which might not be stated explicitly. However,
he had not determined whether that would include schools.

Ms. Stump noted the parties contested the issue, and it could remain a topic
of additional legal procedure. It was not helpful for her to comment publicly
in the current forum.

Council Member Wolbach indicated the Residents Association had placed a
great deal of emphasis on the importance of Palo Alto schools. He asked
how Ms. Aziz proposed to modify or improve the relocation package to
reflect accurately the presence of Buena Vista residents within the Palo Alto
Unified School District. He wanted to hear specific actions that the Council
could legally consider.

Ms. Aziz explained that intent should not be considered. The Ordinance
specifically addressed community amenities. "Such as" allowed an exclusive
list of amenities which should include schools. She had talked a great deal
about the plan the park owner needed to develop.

Council Member Wolbach remarked that the park owner's need to develop a
plan was debatable; however, he was not questioning that.

Ms. Aziz suggested the Council should require the park owner to include
schools in the list of comparable communities and to assess comparable
communities that provided comparable schools and a high quality education.
Schools were the most important community amenity, especially for families
with children. She requested the City Council instruct the park owner not
only to offer relocation assistance that allowed residents to move to
comparable housing, but also to include schools in the definition of
comparable housing.

Mayor Holman was confused by the Hearing Officer giving residents credit
for two to three bedrooms in determining value but not in determining
relocation assistance.



                                                                       Page 21 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
