                           TRANSCRIPT
materials that we've identified, there are 14 similar facilities of concern.
These are those that have greater than CUPA, less than CalARP and toxic,
highly toxic or extremely hazardous substances, so 14 facilities. You saw
earlier all those notes about possibly revising the regulations that Hillary
referred to. We had some concerns about how the Tier 2 was being defined
as it relates specifically to extremely hazardous substances.                     In
conversations with the City Fire Department, we're also recognizing that
oftentimes they're very, very similar, so that when you capture things that
are toxic or highly toxic, you're oftentimes covering a lot of things that are
extremely hazardous substances. When you take a look at the net effect in
terms of those facilities that would be captured by this Tier 2, the difference
is if we eliminate extremely hazardous substances from the definition, we
still have 13 facilities that would be included in Tier 2 by virtue of them
being toxic or highly toxic at quantities greater than CUPA. I did want to
point out that when we did this inventory and we looked at all the different
facilities within the City, there are three facilities that occur in public facility
zoning districts. There are two that are at the Stanford Medical facilities and
there's also the Palo Alto Water Quality Plant. The reason we chose not to
specifically categorize these with the other manufacturing uses is that these
particular facilities provide essential facilities for public health and safety.
The nature of the business and the nature of the process and the activities
are very, very different from the others that are identified in Tier 2. As
Hillary mentioned, one of the Council's directions was to expand the breadth
of populations that could be potentially affected by the regulations. The
existing regulations zero in on residentially zoned properties or residential
uses.     Recognizing that the US EPA, public health officials, the CEQA
documents that the City's familiar with, all of them make reference to a
larger population group called sensitive receptors. These include different
occupants of land uses that would be generally considered sensitive to
exposure to hazardous materials. In this broader definition of populations
that would apply in this new zoning regulations, we're looking at residences;
schools, primarily elementary schools, to protect the youth; daycare centers
and homes; homes for elderly, convalescent homes; and other similar type
uses. The focus on the noticing and the reporting will expand beyond just
the residential uses, but include now the sensitive receptors. I'll zip through
these really quickly now. This really wraps up the presentation on the
summary of the zoning regulations. Tier 1, as I mentioned earlier, there is a
notice of 150 feet.       There is no conditional use permit.          There's no
requirements that prohibit any kind of Tier 1 facility in any location. The
regulations aren't really changing as far as Tier 1 is concerned. The same
thing applies for Tier 3. These are facilities that have amounts of hazardous
materials greater than CalARP. Right now per the regulations, they're not
permitted within 300 feet of the residential uses, and we would expand that
to sensitive receptors. There is a requirement to notice because there is a
                                                                                Page 45 of 95
                                                                 City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 11/16/15
