                          TRANSCRIPT
you have them. Thank you very much for allowing me this time to make
this presentation.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have one member of the public who cares
to speak to this item, Bob Moss. You'll have 3 minutes.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. The need
for a Public Safety Building isn't new. It's been a issue for more than a
quarter of a century. The existing facility was identified as inadequate, too
small and having a number of problems. It's no question we have to fix it.
Over the years a number of locations have been identified and looked at as
potential sites. Some of them were Downtown. Some were on El Camino.
Some down near the Bay. All things taken together, I believe this location is
probably about as good as we're going to be able to find. It has the
advantage of having empty parking lots. You don't have to buy a site with
just a building and demolish it and replace it. That's an advantage. I think
the overall designs that were proposed look quite reasonable. I think the
one that's suggested as being the preferred one is acceptable. Fifty-foot
buildings are not real popular in town. In the case of this location, California
Avenue has been identified as the location where we want to have more
development and more intense use, so we're going to have in the future a
number of 50-foot tall buildings in that area. It won't look out of sight. We
do have two major issues with this proposal. The first one is schedule.
We're not talking about even beginning until 2018. I'd like to see that
schedule shortened if possible. The second is money. The total project
between the Public Safety Building and the garage costs at least $65-75
million. I don't see anything that says where that money is going to come
from. I would like to have real clarification. Are we going to have a public
vote and have taxes raised on the community? Are we going to be getting
money from grants from all kinds of other agencies? Is Google going to pay
for it? Where is all the money going to come from? I think we have to have
that defined. I have to ask that we can get if possible an accelerated
proposal and get the building built and occupied, because we do in fact need
it. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. We'll return to Council. Council
Members, let's see if we can be efficient. Why don't we do questions and
comments, no motions at the moment, questions and comments in 3-minute
rounds. We'll see where we get. I have lights from Council Member DuBois,
and then Council Member Kniss.

Council Member DuBois: Some quick comments and questions that you can
answer after the comments in no particular order. Again, I was at the Cal.
Ave. meeting and heard a lot of comments from the merchants there. I

                                                                        Page 87 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
