                         TRANSCRIPT

Does that work? You probably saw out front the finishing touches are going
up on the temporary art installation for the Rondo sculpture, which actually I
think does look quite nice in front of City Hall. There will be again a
reminder of a public opening celebration for the sculpture this Thursday,
October 29th, at 5:30 p.m. The artist, Bruce Beasley, will be there. We'll
have live music. There could be more to learn about the artwork that will
remain there until September of 2016. Just a reminder that the City will be
honoring veterans at a special recognition ceremony on Monday,
November 9th, prior to your Council meeting on King Plaza. We'll be
honoring all armed forces veterans, active duty, National Guard and Reserve
military service members. The event will start at 4:00 p.m. followed by a
color guard. The City Council will also read a Proclamation at its meeting
starting around 5:45 p.m. We invite and encourage all veterans within the
community to attend as part of this recognition event. There's more
information on our website under veterans. Are we good to go? Make a
Difference Day. Last Saturday more than 220 volunteers came together to
participate at various service project sites as part of the Make a Difference
Day. This is the 24th year since National Make a Difference Day was
initiated. I mentioned it at the last Council meeting or the one before that.
Projects in Palo Alto included Canopy tree planting.         There were 75
volunteers for the planting in Barron Park, and 60 trees were planted and 45
other plants. Sunrise Senior Center, the Palo Alto Junior Museum, Avenidas
random acts of flowers and other locations around town. There also were a
number of project sites in neighborhoods in our neighboring sister cities of
East Palo Alto and Menlo Park. Thanks to the many organizations and
individuals who participated to truly make a difference.        Cal. Avenue
Halloween. There we go. Make a Difference Day or is that Halloween?
Make a difference on Halloween. Yesterday lots of kids and their families
joined the fun with Halloween celebrations on California Avenue with one of
Palo Alto's really most popular Halloween events for the whole family, the
21st Annual California Trick or Treat and Blossom Festival. It's organized
every year by Blossom and supported by the Cal. Avenue merchants in the
City. Do we have just the one photo? Pardon me? The next one is just
follow-up to the announcement I made about the Repair Café event. There's
a picture of the Mayor with Peter Skinner at the event yesterday. As I
mentioned before, we introduced the first Repair Café in 2012, following the
debut of the concept in the Netherlands. We certainly appreciate his
dedication to Repair Café and do understand that he will be moving away
from our town down Monterrey way. Lastly, the City is hosting the Building
Carbon Zero California Conference, November 13th and featuring keynote
speaker Diana Urge-Vorsatz, lead author of the Nobel Peace Prize winning

                                                                        Page 29 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
