                         TRANSCRIPT
initiatives" and the rest of that sentence. That's all that applies. Staff
seemed to be shaking their heads in acknowledgement when I mentioned
that earlier, as the City Attorney and Jonathan are now. That's the first
bullet. The second bullet would be—it currently reads "replacement of the
existing office building at 2555 Park Boulevard site with a modern building
that meets current building standards for structural design." It may be site
and building accessibility, but it's certainly not hazardous materials.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Amend the Statement of
Overriding Considerations to include:

     1.    First bullet: ‘Development of a new office building on the site
           supports related planning initiative such as Pedestrian Transit-
           Oriented Development overlay and Bicycle and Pedestrian
           Transportation Plan’; and

     2.    Second bullet: ‘Replace the existing office building at the 2555
           Park Boulevard site with a modern building that meets current
           standards for structural design’; and

     3.    Fifth bullet: ‘Creating a pedestrian and bicycle friendly street
           frontage with wide sidewalks and amenities.’”

Council Member Burt: Mayor, do you want to see if each of these are
accepted separately? Would that be the most efficient way?

Mayor Holman: I wondered about that. Are these so far acceptable, Council
Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I'm not sure it matters that much, but maybe it
does. My concern would be ...

Mayor Holman: It does. Making a Statement of Overriding Considerations is
serious business.

Council Member Scharff: It is serious business. My concern is that we do it
so we don't create legal challenges and create lawsuits unnecessarily. The
first thing you want to do, take the first one again. You want to eliminate
which language?

Mayor Holman: It's on the board.

Council Member Berman: She wants to change it to "B."

Council Member Scharff: Does the City Attorney have any concerns?
                                                                     Page 94 of 103
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/1/15
