                            MINUTES
interim office development cap. An annual cap would create problems
without solving traffic and parking problems.

Peter Stone advised that a hastily imposed cap would discourage the
innovative elements of the business community. The existing business
climate reflected the vitality of the local community, which supported a
healthy General Fund.

Terry McCarthy, Survey Monkey, did not believe parking and traffic problems
were caused by office workers or office space.          Employees of Survey
Monkey, Palantir, and RelateIQ spent on average $210 per week per
employee in Downtown Palo Alto. Survey Monkey looked forward to working
with the City to develop solutions that would benefit everyone.

Susan Graf stated the vibrant Downtown environment would die without
growth. She suggested the Council review results from the new TDM
Program and Residential Parking Permit (RPP) Programs before considering
more zoning rules.

Olya Kransnykh advised that imposing an office cap would ensure the office
environment remained static.       Limiting growth would result in energy
inefficient buildings and reduced worker productivity. Limiting growth would
not solve parking and traffic problems.

Robert McGrew, Palantir, expressed concern about the imposition of an
annual office cap as a solution to parking and traffic problems. The Council
should understand root causes of parking and traffic problems before
imposing measures that would add collateral damage to Palo Alto
businesses. He reviewed findings from a survey of Palantir, Survey Monkey,
and RelateIQ's 1,186 local staff and contractors.

Tara Nussbaum, Palo Alto Forward Steering Committee, believed an
Office/R&D cap would not solve problems of parking, traffic, housing, and
retail climate. A development cap would cause businesses to intensify their
usage of existing buildings with a corresponding increase in traffic and
parking issues.

Bob Moss felt limiting office space would have no impact on jobs, growth, or
rent increases. A temporary cap of 25,000 to 35,000 square feet would
allow some growth while studies were conducted.

Stephanie Munoz suggested Stanford University house its workers within
walking distance of their jobs. An interim cap was necessary.




03/02/2015                                                            117- 38
