                          TRANSCRIPT
that were accepted by the Staff and inserted into the verbiage of this
ordinance. One was the approval of the projects that would be the subject
of the appealing process. You saw on the slides that this was inserted into
the verbiage. Also, there was a request from our Commission to make sure
that facilities are subject of the Independent Review and emissions report on
radio frequency by independent engineer. That was also verbiage that was
inserted into the comments. There was one item that we didn't include in
our review which was the reference to the height limit, how far above 50
feet the height of the antenna may go. We would like to entrust it to your
review to make sure that we appropriately captured this language in the
ordinance and that this reference to the Spectrum Act was captured
correctly. If there are any other questions, I'm here, happy to answer.
Otherwise, recommend on behalf of my colleagues to approve this
ordinance.

Council Member Kniss: I don't know how you want to go about this, Mayor
Holman, but I'd be glad to move the recommendation. I also have a
comment or two. I move the recommendation.

Council Member Scharff: Second.

MOTION:       Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance Deleting Section 18.42.110 of Chapter 18.42 of
      Title 18 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and Adopt a New Section
      18.42.110 Pertaining to the Siting and Permitting of Wireless
      Communications Facilities, as recommended by the Planning and
      Transportation Commission; and

B.    Direct the City Manager or designee to suspend the Anthem Telecomm
      contract to study construction of a large standalone tower in light of
      the changed legal and technological landscape.

Council Member Kniss: I don't think there's any question that among the
most frustrating things that we go through are where we lose calls, where
people are frustrated. I understand that even our Emergency Services has
difficulty with this as well, even though we don't air that particularly. One of
the questions I had looking at these is that frequently they're disguised. You
don't show any that are disguised. Is that just for illustrative purposes?
Often they look like a tree or a flag pole.

Ms. Silver: That's a very good point; I should have raised that. Especially
the Tier 2 and the Tier 3 photos are not camouflaged so that we could better
illustrate the differences between the infrastructure. The photo on the cover
                                                                          Page 30 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
