                         TRANSCRIPT
cap will not apply to office space approved as part of the coordinated area
plan or specific plan with the exception of the SOFA II area plan. Staff will
return with information pertaining to the impacts of excluding SOFA II.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to use the precise boundaries as outlined in the Potential Office/R&D
Cap Boundaries as proposed by Staff and; the Development Cap will not
apply to Office Space approved as part of a Coordinated Area Plan or Specific
Plan, with the exception of the South of Forest Area Coordinated Area Plan,
Phase Two (SOFAII) and Staff will return with information pertaining to the
impacts of excluding SOFAII from the Development Cap.

Council Member Wolbach: We spoke to it earlier in-depth. I still think it's
just as important as I did then.

Council Member Scharff: I also think it's just as important as I did then.

Council Member Burt: Under this, if we were to get the Fry's site specific
plan through in the next year, whatever office was in there would necessarily
be exempted from the office cap. Outside of any additional discussion on
whether it should, we'd be deciding that tonight, that that would be the
case. That's why I support Council Member Holman's motion. It doesn't
preclude from at a subsequent time making a deliberate, thoughtful decision
on it.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That also does not pass.

MOTION FAILED:         4-4 Burt, Filseth, Holman, Schmid no, DuBois not
participating

Mayor Holman: Director Gitelman, would you like to take this to the
Planning Commission and get their recommendation?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I would be happy to bring you a
recommendation from the Planning and Transportation Commission at a
later date.

Council Member Scharff: I don't think this defaults to going to the Planning
and Transportation Commission. I would move that we continue this.

Council Member Kniss: Continue the item to a date uncertain?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, continue the item to a date uncertain, and
we can all think about it.


                                                                      Page 101 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
