                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Guardino: I don't know if they were invited or not. I know you kindly
invited me.

Council Member Kniss: Did we invite them? I think that issue of the service
needed and so forth is one that some of us would like to hear more about,
even though I've seen that route many times and understand it. I think the
urgency about Caltrain in our community is—the urgency is pretty
enthusiastic. There's a great deal of concern about grade crossings. While I
realize ...

Mr. Guardino:      May I say, Council Member, it's not limited to grade
crossings. If we're going to modernize a system that was started in 1863,
we need longer platforms, we need higher platforms, we need more train
sets for longer train sets. We have bridges along the Caltrain system that
are woefully in need of repair. It's in addition to grade crossings. Our
vision, our commitment to Caltrain as one organization is to take today's
capacity of jamming 61,000 weekday passenger trips and doubling that
within five to seven years. That's our commitment.

Council Member Kniss: I'm sorry Adina has just walked out of the room, but
I think we—I'm sorry, I thought you had just left, Adina. Excuse me. You're
hidden behind someone. I think that we too in this county, particularly
those of us who have very high ridership on the rails, will probably need to
look at handling some of this on our own just as San Mateo County did.
That's always difficult to do and it's a painful kind of step to take. I think at
some point we will have to go in that direction. We have become a very
train dependent city which, probably five or six years ago, I would have
guessed would never have happened. As you and I recall, Caltrain almost
went literally down the tracks on a more permanent basis. It has been
astonishing to see the popularity of taking the train. When I see the people
who get off it in the morning, it's mostly young people who are getting off. I
think, as Cory and Marc will tell you, that demographic is trying to give up
cars if not just stay to one car. I think that's some long-term planning that
we need to do. As much as the tax is looking like it's a good possibility,
that's not going to totally save us with Caltrain in our county.

Mr. Guardino: You're so right, Council Member. There's no silver bullet.
Even if there's some double counting on the 50.5 billion—I suspect there is—
say it's only 45 billion, and I put only in quotes. Say that a lot of those are
wants more than they are needs, it's still going to take a lot of prioritizing to
find improvements that add up to an intermodal, integrated, inclusive
system that has some traffic relief county-wide.           That's what we're
committed to exploring. We know you are as well. It's not for the faint of


                                                                         Page 77 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
