                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Whatever way we can get the most accurate
information and that we track it is fine with me. Putting it in committee
where it can be put on the agenda and also followed by the group that is
doing this. What is the name of our group in Washington?

Mayor Holman: Steve and Thane.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Van Scoyoc.

Council Member Kniss: That group, yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss accepted that.           Council Member
Scharff, do you accept this?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, absolutely.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct the City’s federal
legislative advocates to add this issue to their priorities.”

Mayor Holman: I'll be voting for this, but I also want to support Council
Member Schmid. Not only are the studies old, but I don't know that there
was any anticipation of the proliferation at that time. Speaking to the
consultant, I absolutely agree with you that what should be true in one
community should be true in another. The proliferation is not the same in
one community to another. That also needs to be addressed. I don't know
how we arrived at four cabinets as a maximum. Cara, can you speak to t
hat?

Ms. Silver: That's under the Spectrum Act (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: That is part of the Spectrum Act. I missed that. We'll vote
on the board. This is to update our City Code to be consistent with the
Spectrum Act, to direct the City Manager or designee to suspend the Anthem
Telecomm contract to study construction of a larger standalone tower in light
of the changed legal and technological landscape, and request that the U.S.
Federal Communications Commission provide an annual update on the
status of health studies that they and the World Health Organization
conduct, and (d) direct the City's federal legislative advocates to add this
issue to their priorities. Vote on the board please. That also passes on an
8-0 vote, Council Member DuBois absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

20.   Approval of a Record of Land Use Action for a Site and Design Permit
      and a Conditional Use Permit to Implement a Public Bicycle/Pedestrian
                                                                        Page 35 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
