                          TRANSCRIPT
in July, by applying the new procedure to applications that are in the pipeline
but exempt out those applications that are complete as of the start of the
fiscal year. Something that we can discuss further. We also wanted to
make sure that you're aware that the idea of an annual limit may have
impacts, both intended and unintended, particularly if it extends beyond the
two-year period. That's something we could look at in the Comprehensive
Plan Update EIR, the impacts of something that might be longer term. We
think it will definitely increase uncertainty for property owners, developers
and for the public if we create this system where applications can be filed at
any time, but they're held in abeyance until a certain time later in the fiscal
year. Also of course, there's a concern, particularly with a longer program,
that you could start restricting development in some areas of the City and
pushing it towards other areas that are not included in the Cap. You might
have the potential of discouraging uses that might otherwise be desirable;
nonprofit office space, medical offices, things like that. These are all issues
that will have to be considered further as we move forward. In addition to
the four issues we've outlined for your discussion this evening, we'd like to
get some sense of next steps from the Council. Obviously we're trying to
get enough specific direction from you that we can put pen to paper and
draft an ordinance that would go to the Planning Commission and then
return to you for your consideration after your break. I'll be happy to
answer any questions about this. These are the four issues with the addition
of the policy implications and next steps at the end, that we're hoping for
your discussion and direction on tonight. We would suggest that we hear
public comment and then we'd be happy to take Council questions and get
your thoughts.

Mila Zelkha: Mila Zelkha, resident of Palo Alto. I'm here because there's a
housing shortage. I attended the Summit on May 30th and wanted to share
with you some of what I heard during the breakout session on ideas for
managing growth. I sat at a table with fellow Palo Altans that I didn't know
very well, and we were asked to weigh the concepts of an office cap,
metering growth and offsetting growth. Although we had a variety of
perspectives on the cap discussion you're having tonight, we all voiced
consensus that an office cap is a blunt tool and offsets have the most
flexibility. We also shared a strong concern of past distortion of public
benefits, a loss of trust that projects had a quality of design that would
address impacts in a measureable way. There was a thoughtful conversation
on what a growing, thriving economy looks like and an openness to allowing
office to grow provided we could trust that, one, ground-floor retail could
have protections; two, that we were adding buildings that also included
housing, more housing than office; and three, that transportation demand
measures were put in place. I know that Council is considering ways to
protect ground-floor retail, and thank you for that. We talked about what if,
                                                                        Page 34 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
