                         TRANSCRIPT
build that. Framing it as if saying that someone who uses TDRs must
comply with our other requirements is somehow abandoning the TDR
Program is a misrepresentation. This building before us is significantly out
of scale with its surroundings. That's the intent of the primary Motion which
is to get that corrected.

Council Member Filseth: I want to make sure that I understand the process
here. Given that the HRB doesn't do anything about compatibility from a
siting and scale and transitions perspective, what happens if the HRB makes
a ruling of some kind? Does it come back here, does it go back to the ARB,
do we issue a building permit? What happens?

Council Member Scharff: I believe it would come back here.

Mayor Holman: We can direct it any way we want to, I suppose. I look to
the City Attorney for that. The HRB recommends to the ARB. That's one of
the challenges of historic analysis without some specific meat on the bone,
which this does not have.

Ms. Gitelman: Just to interject. My understanding is the HRB can make a
recommendation to the ARB or directly to the Council.

Mayor Holman: If we direct it.

Council Member Filseth: Is it really better for the Applicant that it goes to
the HRB? The HRB does something with it, we don't know what, and then it
comes back here again?

Council Member Scharff: I believe it is. I'm happy to address that point too,
if you'd like me to.

Council Member Filseth: This seems to me like a whole bunch of rigmarole
and runaround without a clear vision of where we're going. The other thing
I wanted to comment on is the issue of the four apartment units. It's four
apartment units. In the office space, there's going to be 80, 100, 120 jobs.
The four apartment units doesn't help the housing problem. The building
actually makes it worse. That's a little bit of a bogey. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I haven't gotten to speak to either Motion yet really. I'm
going to speak to the Substitute Motion obviously first, because that's what's
before us. I appreciate that the circulation analysis and, we didn't have the
shadow study in here but I wish it did. That still doesn't get me there in
terms of being able to support the Motion. The problem with both Motions
at this point in time is that neither one of them have enough direction to the
Applicant, to the HRB and in the first Motion to the ARB to not get back just
                                                                       Page 82 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
