                         TRANSCRIPT
and scale can be more sensitive and sympathetic. This is the extreme case.
This is 5-0. I listened to the Historic Resources video and attended four
separate times, and I wrote down all their quotes. The first building that
was proposed here was not deemed to be compatible with Code. There was
no shared characteristics or design linkages with the neighboring buildings.
The visual unity of the street was not maintained. Large scale and mass
detracted from pedestrian-oriented design. Guess what folks? This new
building is still not compatible. The only thing that was done here was the
third and fourth floors were moved to the rear of the building, and shifted all
the massing there. It is the same footprint. It is the exact same square
footage. If you have the same footprint, the exact same square footage,
and we've moved the third and fourth floors setback from University, all it
did was move them to the back towards the Kipling Street view and the
alleyway. It worsens the mass effect from the Kipling view. This new lighter
color that they've come up with makes the building appear even larger.
That was noted by the Historic Resources Board. The scale and mass
overwhelm Kipling Street and the alleyway. The upper floors should be
setback from all sides sufficiently. All exposed sides should be treated
equally. That's in our Municipal Code, all exposed sides. They're not. This
site is not compatible with neighboring buildings. The Council, all of you,
mandated that the setbacks should minimize massing; it needed to be done
all sides. It turns this alleyway into a busy one-way street to service the in-
and-out garage.       There's insufficient use of landscaping to buffer the
entrance from the adjacent buildings. Again, it's the same colossal building
and footprint on the narrowest street in Downtown Palo Alto. When you look
at their rendering from University Avenue, they've put these massive trees
out there that actually hide the floors from second to the fourth floor against
this one-story, historic Birge Clark building. You have three solid floors of
flat wall that you will see when driving down University Avenue, but it's been
deceptively hidden here by this tree. Some specific comments from the ARB
Members. I wanted to let you know here I've put them in red which I think
are the most important. Member Kim said, "I understand the concerns that
it doesn't respond enough with regard to Kipling." Member Lew, "The bulk
of the building has been pushed towards the alley and looks like a uniform
block of grey stucco." That's from our ARB Member. He said, "This is a 3.0
FAR building which is larger than what we would normally allow due to the
applicant's TDR. Given what the Council gave us with this narrow focus, I
would say that it is not working together. This four-story building shadows
the one-story building on the alleyway. If the fourth floor were eliminated, it
would fit better." Finally, "my recommendation is that this project come
back again to ARB and come back smaller." Those aren't my words; these
are your ARB Members. Finally, the Chairman said, "It does have a problem
in the back and on the alleyway. Removing the fourth floor would be the
best solution, but the TDRs and zoning prevent us from doing this." The
                                                                            Page 5 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
