                             MINUTES
Special Orders of the Day

2.    Recognition of Mitchell Park Library and Community Center Grand
      Opening Volunteers.

Eric Howard, Library Assistant Director, read a message from the Library
Director. The Grand Opening was a success with at least 5,500 people
attending. Of the 77 volunteers, 45 were teens and 32 were adults, and all
worked a total of approximately 345 hours. Volunteers would be needed for
the opening of Rinconada Library on February 14, 2015. He showed a video
of the Grand Opening festivities. He thanked the volunteers for their efforts.

Council Member Berman was impressed by the enthusiasm of the volunteers
and their offers of assistance at the Grand Opening.

Mayor Holman noted the volunteers encouraged attendance at the Grand
Opening. Approximately 1,000 new library cards were issued prior to the
Grand Opening and more than 300 at the Grand Opening. She appreciated
the volunteers' efforts and support.

Mr. Howard invited the public to attend the reopening of Rinconada Library.

James Keene, City Manager, added the reopening was scheduled for
February 14, 2015.

Mayor Holman understood Rinconada Library would be another success in
the Library Program.

Mr. Howard reported the ceremony would begin at 11:00 A.M. and activities
would extend until 4:00 P.M. with closing scheduled for 6:00 P.M.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced the City's Mobile Emergency
Operations Command Center (MEOCC) would be the featured exhibit at the
Western Region Conference of Association of Public Safety Communications
Officials in April 2015. The State Department of Housing and Community
Development certified the City's Housing Element as compliant with State
law earlier in the day. As part of Our Palo Alto, Peter Kageyama would
speak about ways to engage the community and to celebrate Palo Alto on
February 19 and 20, 2015.

Mayor Holman inquired about the time and location for Mr. Kageyama's talk.

Mr. Keene advised that almost all events would occur at Mitchell Park
Community Center.

01/20/2015                                                             216- 338
