                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:       Could we point out that these exist in the
introduction and then have the content be in the implementation section?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, I'd be fine with that.

Council Member DuBois:     I think the framework could be described in the
introduction.

Council Member Burt: If the introduction is an overview to the whole Comp
Plan and includes all the sections and a brief description of what's in the
Comp Plan, fine. I think where the substance of it would be would be in the
implementation section.

Mayor Holman: To complicate matters, hopefully not, could I suggest that
there's also a purpose of the Comprehensive Plan where it seems to me that
this might fit. If you'd entertain that.

Council Member Burt: I don't know if that's ...

Mayor Holman: I agree, I don't see it in the introduction.

Council Member Burt: I don't see it as a purpose of the Plan. It's how we
implement the Plan.

Council Member DuBois: I think Staff has heard the request. If we want to
change the wording to, I guess, have them come back. I actually propose
maybe parts of it would be in the introduction, parts would be in the
implementation.

Council Member Burt:        I think all sections of the Comp Plan will be
summarized in brief in the introduction. I think it's kind of redundant on
that.    They'll all be summarized.      The right place to do this is the
implementation section. I want to offer that as substitute language. Where
it says "introduction," we substitute "implementation section."

Mayor Holman: Director Gitelman, do you have a thought on where the best
place for this would be? There's a debate going on whether it's in the
implementation or introduction.

Ms. Gitelman: I think Council Member Burt is right. The introduction will
sort of preface or indicate what is in the other sections. If it's in the
implementation section, it's still going to be mentioned in the introduction.

Council Member DuBois: Okay, I'll accept that.


                                                                     Page 101 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
