                          TRANSCRIPT
place. Others are just there. We don't want to block potential new artists
by taking sites that might be existing for a piece that they have. One way of
just thinking through, reassessing public art where it is and how long it
belongs there. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I'm really glad we're doing this Master
Plan. I think that's a great idea. I appreciate all the effort. I know you
guys put a lot of effort into this. I guess a couple of things. First of all, are
we going to see this Master Plan and get to discuss some of the policy issues
underlying it? We really aren't talking about any of the real policy issues
except for a really, really high level. I want to make sure we get to see it,
we get to talk about it, and that kind of stuff. Council Member Schmid was
correct. We made a big increase in the budget by adding the extra percent
for it. The question becomes when you do a Master Plan if we're going to do
it for five years or ten years, I always like these things to be achievable. I
don't want it to just be like a plan we then put in the drawer somewhere and
we think it would be nice and it's aspirational. I want it to be real. That
means that the plan should work with a budget. We should basically say
this is the revenues we sort of expect within this range, this is how much
we're going to use for. I mean, I like temporary art. I do. On the other
hand, it's temporary and it goes away. The bigger the budget you have, the
more I think you could spend on temporary art. The smaller the budget you
have, the more I want to see something that lasts in Palo Alto because we
have less budget. What I would like to see more of is what I would consider
to be iconic pieces that people love in Palo Alto. We really haven't had, I
think, a lot of those. We have some infamous pieces that people talk about.
You mentioned the Working Men in Pasadena. People in Pasadena are really
attached to that. Even I'd heard of it. I haven't been to Pasadena that
often. You go to certain cities and people say, "You have to go see that
piece of art." I'm not sure that happens in Palo Alto. I actually think the
owls in Mitchell Park could easily achieve that status. I think they're
wonderful. They have that really. The rusting metal sculptures around
town, not so much. What I'm hoping we do is we think through how it all
works with the budget, we have a plan that becomes implemented, and that
we create some of those more iconic pieces, frankly. I think temporary art
is fun too. It's funny. I was thinking of those stairs; I actually really like
those stairs, but I'm not sure why they'd have to be temporary, if you go to
the trouble of painting it. That's sort of a really cool thing. There's
obviously those stair walks in San Francisco with all the tiles. They're not
temporary. People love those. They go from all over the place to make
those walks. I think clearly the tunnel, for instance, where Caltrain is—I
thought there was some art we were thinking of putting in there. I've never
                                                                          Page 9 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
