                          TRANSCRIPT

process though, and I'd like it to be more transparent, and it needs to be up
on the City website.

Mayor Holman: You did hear my comments earlier. Was this was not on
the—I guess, maybe it's more the City Clerk. I thought this was on the
Council's calendar.   These meetings, I thought, were on the Council's
calendar and on the City website, I thought.

Council Member DuBois: I don't think they were, but they certainly weren't
on the public events calendar or anything. It's not clear how you picked the
members for this Committee.

Mayor Holman: Staff would have to answer that one. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I do share Council Member DuBois' comments. One,
I think that the product appears to be good and constructive and valuable. I
also share concerns about the process by which we got here. I'm glad to
hear that there was broad consensus within this ad hoc committee. We
appear to have had an ad hoc committee of the Council and a community
committee that the Council really didn't know diddly about. That's really not
how we normally would do things. It doesn't mean that the product was bad
as a result of that. It does create questions. Whether we go to Policy and
Services or not, I do disagree that we could do this on the fly tonight in
some meaningful way. It would somehow take the Policy and Services
Committee a year or so to do their normal review of this; I don't think that's
the case. We've gone through things in pretty rapid order this year that had
a lot of depth to them at Policy and Services. That would be our normal
function as a Council, to review this. If it doesn't need a lot of work, it'll go
faster at Policy and Services. I'd also like to say that, as I was thinking
about this in the context of how does it fit in what we have as our Priorities.
When we adopted it as a Council Priority, I struggled with calling it a Priority
because it seems like something that will ultimately be one of our core
values, which we're going to be taking up under Policy and Services shortly.
I ended up coming around to treating it under our definition of a Priority,
something that would be an extra-focus over a three-year period, because
that's what it would really take to get this kicked off and integrated. Then it
becomes a core value once we've lifted it off the ground. I'm fine with
treating it that way, but I'm struck that it also has some similarity to, say,
sustainability which, I think, will be another one of our core values. Like
sustainability, it's essentially something that's essentially an overlay to a lot
of things that we do, including our Comprehensive Plan. I think that's also
one of the ways in which Policy and Services may give some recommended
                                                                          Page 68 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
