                          TRANSCRIPT
The last of the nine projects is the replacement of Fire Station No. 3. On
this project, we developed an RFP, went out to RFP with that, got back
proposals. What we've negotiated is a design contract, and approval of that
design contract to move forward with that is also on your Consent Calendar
for next Monday. That covers the various Infrastructure Plan projects. Now
that we're actively working on these projects and we have all of them
included in the CIP and are starting to make some progress, it's apparent
that additional funding is going to be needed on the projects. The Public
Safety Building in particular, even though the latest costs that we have on
the project are very preliminary from the study and not based on an actual
design, the combined cost of the Public Safety Building and the new Cal.
Ave. parking garage that we've looked at from that study is a range of
somewhere between $72 and $97 million depending on which assumptions
you include and some other features that could be included in the projects.
That is an increase of between $4 and $29 million from the funding for those
two projects that's currently included in the Infrastructure Plan. There may
also be a need for more funding for the Highway 101 pedestrian/bike bridge.
That's partially dependent on direction we get from Council at next Monday's
meeting. It's very important to remember that all of these Infrastructure
Plan project cost estimates are at a minimum several years old. They don't
account for cost escalation that has already occurred since then. They
obviously then don't account for additional cost escalation that's likely to
occur before the time that they're under construction. In terms of providing
additional funding for the Infrastructure Plan, there is good news based on
increased revenues from the current, very robust economy. A couple of
things. In November, the Finance Committee discussed a set-aside in the
Budget Stabilization Reserve of $6 million for the Infrastructure Plan as part
of the fiscal year 2015 budget close-out process. Now, in reviewing the
revenues for the Infrastructure Plan, on the earlier slide we talked about the
Council policy as part of the Plan of directing TOT revenues from new hotels
and from the two percent TOT increase to the Infrastructure Plan. At the
time the Council Infrastructure Committee was meeting to formulate the
funding plan, the TOT including the two percent increase, which hadn't
passed at that point, was projected to raise about $5 million per year. That
was the cash flow that was meant to support the Certificates of Participation
debt service. With the current economy, these TOT revenues have been
significantly higher than was projected. Using numbers that are essentially
rounded a bit from those that will be presented in the Long Range Financial
Forecast soon, an increase over that $5 million projection that we talked
about annually, the increase is expected to be $4 million in the current fiscal
year, 2016. That's based on the four months of actuals that we have in so
far for that. About $5 million annually on an ongoing basis. All of that, of
course, being dependent on the healthy economy continuing in its current
fashion. This translates to about an additional $29 million being available
                                                                           Page 6 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
