                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:     Mr. Afong, perhaps you'd like to answer the question too
then.

Joe Afong, Hazardous Materials Inspector: Yes, we have made inspections.
With all our special reports, they have always complied, and they always
give us a response, a schedule of completion.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for clarifying and confirming that. Also, one
thing that I did appreciate was that some of the inspections are announced
and some of the inspections are unannounced. I think that's really greatly
helpful. I don't see any other lights for questions by Council Members. City
Attorney Stump, you had a couple of comments to make.

Ms. Stump: Yes. Just before the Council moves into the phase of Motions, I
thought I would summarize some of the things that we've heard from the
neighborhood residents, from CPI and Council questions with respect to the
legal status of where we are. If the Council is supportive of the categories
and the creation of the Tier 2 and the proposed regulation, we think that
that zoning ordinance would be ready to move forward through the process
which, as the Planning Director indicated, would be to go to the Planning
Commission. There's further refinement that would be needed in a couple of
areas. That would potentially come back to you for final adoption. I have a
slightly different thought about the second ordinance, the amortization
ordinance. There is a draft before you. I do think it behooves the Council to
think seriously about whether further attempts should be made to bridge our
remaining differences with respect to the application of the amortization
period.     Leaving aside from this forum any discussion of the relative
strengths and weaknesses of the parties' positions, there is a substantial
disagreement there. If Council is interested in exploring a resolution of that
that would focus on CPI's argument that it's unfair to apply a period that is
less than the 15 years, Council could direct Staff to work on that issue. I
would expect the Council would be interested in some substantial additional
protective measures for the neighborhood if it were to consider anything like
that. One area I think that you may wish to direct us to work on is with the
potential for there to be technological advances in the future, when is the
earliest possible date that the plating shop could be entirely removed from
the facility, potentially in advance of the current date that's proposed in the
amortization ordinance. I leave you with those thoughts as you consider the
direction you're going to give us this evening.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff. We move into the next phase of
three minutes of comments and Motions.



                                                                            Page 71 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
