                         TRANSCRIPT
property as well as what we're trying to achieve with maintaining a healthy
urban forest across the City. Likewise, it's important that we take steps to
avoid field changes after plans are reviewed and approved.             We are
proposing a number of review, evaluation and, I don't want to use the word
enforcement, but inspection upgrades, so that we make sure to monitor the
process thoroughly throughout.        An important guiding principle is the
program of no net canopy loss. This is one that can guide a lot of our daily
decisions. We have an urban forest that is populated almost to the extent
that we want, and if we have a goal of no net canopy loss, we can enhance
the benefits through better species diversity and through densifying some of
our areas of canopy but not necessarily increasing our tree cover throughout
the City and deterring from other goals such as solar power collection. One
more quick mention. On this slide, this is a picture of El Camino Real. As
you can see, there is a noticeable lack of tree cover along El Camino Real.
As we move forward with plans on what we're going to do along El Camino,
how that's going to be developed over time, then trees are going to play an
important role in our discussions. Talk a little bit more about stocking level
or the amount of trees that we have relating to the no net canopy loss.
Currently, our street tree population occupies 92.5 percent of our available
spaces. Our goal would be that we achieve a 98 percent stocking level, so
that we have no vacant spaces other than those due to natural mortality.
We've estimated an average 50-year lifespan for street trees. We think 98
percent is an achievable goal over the course of the ten-year implementation
for the Plan. This would maximize the City's return on investment and
generate a little bit more economy of scale. Without significant increase in
costs, we could derive more benefits from our street tree population.
Another issue that emerged, particularly in relation to California Avenue, was
communication and outreach. That was a tender subject when I arrived in
Palo Alto. A lot of that was related to the lack of communication that
occurred when trees were removed on California Avenue. We have since
made a lot of progress on improving our communication. The Master Plan
proposes many more programs to continue that trend, to continue involving
the public in making decisions and being informed about what the City is
doing. There are a number of programs related to transparency and
communication contained in the Master Plan. All of these are achievable.
The sticky note on this says that I would love to have California Avenue have
the look and feel back before the trees were removed. We are on our way
to doing that. The picture shows a partnership project that we did with
Canopy and some other people from the community pruning the new trees
for the first time that were planted on California Avenue. Another issue that
came up was that of canopy equity. If you saw the article in The Palo Alto
Weekly, they talked a lot about the difference between north and south Palo
Alto. There's a number of reasons for that, but I don't think we understand
all of them yet, nor do we understand exactly how to correct those. There's
                                                                         Page 71 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
