                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Borock: I had no way to tell from that. All provided Google the
opportunity to have 200,000 square feet of office space at East Meadow.
The one who most benefits is Google for the bicycle connection between
their East Meadow campus and the Google Plex. They should be paying the
$10 million and we should be contributing $1 million. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Let's do the same thing here, questions,
comments, 3 minutes. Council Member Wolbach, you had your light on first.

Council Member Wolbach: The feasibility study back in 2011 listed a few
goals for the project. The initial goals were year-round access, safety, range
of user groups and access to recreational areas, the environment, out of
direction travel, aesthetics, cost effectiveness, surrounding property owner
security, service and consistency. There were some other evaluation criteria
which were later added. Aesthetics is one of them. I think the primary
focus here is practicality, not utilitarianism to the point where we don't care
at all what it looks like. The goal was let's get something that provides
people with access across 101, whether they're on foot or traveling by bike.
One of the questions I asked the last time we discussed this was whether
San Antonio and improvements to the San Antonio crossing, which is only a
third of a mile away from this considered location, had been considered. I
was told by Staff back in March of this year that San Antonio had not been
part of the feasibility study. I went and looked it up and actually it had. San
Antonio was one of the initial 12 considered locations or alignments for a
crossing. In the initial narrowing down, seven of the 12 initial alignments
were removed. San Antonio was one of those. While the feasibility study
from 2011 explained why the others were removed, it did not explain why
San Antonio was removed.             To explore a San Antonio crossing or
improvements to the San Antonio crossing, what we'd probably want to do is
get an easement across the parking lot, which I believe is SSL's at 3733 to
3799 Fabian Way which is right at the corner of where Fabian turns into
Bayshore, and also figure out how to get a safe crossing over or under or
around the San Antonio exit from 101 southbound. The real question is
have we ever from the City Staff, ever, in the last 4 years, 5 years, talked to
VTA, the County, Caltrans about work that is planned, considered, etc., for
San Antonio and whether we don't have to pay the whole cost. Frankly, if
we don't have to pay the whole cost for this, if there are already
considerations or we could talk them into sharing costs with us to improve
San Antonio crossing, make it usable for bikes, which it is not currently
according to our feasibility study, and if we still had some money left over,
then we could maybe put that towards improving the Oregon Expressway
crossing. We have three ways across 101 in Palo Alto, north, center and
south. University, which isn't great, Oregon which isn't great, and San
Antonio which is awful. Frankly, I would rather say scrap this bridge and
                                                                      Page 109 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
