                            TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It really is different. It is a substitute, I would say. I can
switch my vote over there. It's going to be easier to vote than it was to get
to this process. You can put me down as unanimous there. That passes on
an 8-0 with Council Member Kniss absent.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: Council Members, do you have comments? Before we vote,
do you have any comments? Please be succinct. If not, we will just vote.
We are voting for six.

Council Member Berman: Just a quick comment on somebody who I'm not
voting for. I would have liked to, but I'm not voting for Kaloma Smith who's
the pastor at AME Zion Church on Middlefield Road, who I've gotten to know
a little bit over the past couple of months, who's doing a lot of good work in
the community. As Council Member Filseth noted, he doesn't live in Palo
Alto. I think he would have been a great addition, if that were available. I
just want to recognize him and at least thank him for applying.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. While the Clerk is tabulating that
first round of votes, does Staff have a presentation? Again, we have open
Items 14 and 15 which means members of the public who care to speak to
either one of those items can submit their cards now. Hillary.

First Round of voting for six positions on the Comprehensive Plan Update
Citizens Advisory Committee:

Voting For Stacey Ashlund:         Filseth

Voting For Joyce Beattie:

Voting For Sharlene Carlson:

Voting For Tony Carrasco:

Voting For Christy Dennison:

Voting For Drew Dennison:          Scharff

Voting For Len Filppu:             Burt, DuBois, Holman, Schmid

Voting For Marc Fleischmann:

Voting For James “Jim” Fox:



                                                                       Page 69 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
