                          TRANSCRIPT

that person as a voting member on the Citizens Advisory Committee. With
regard to the second matter, that I also thought about at length, I take no
good feeling for my research, education, thought process and writing on this
topic, but I felt it had to be done. I believe that what happened was there
was a swaying from professional duties to going forth and advocating for a
project and a very significant incident or issue that had widespread impact
on the community and is not forgotten. This was not the only incident of
kind of stretching things in the 27 University Avenue process. There are
many factors at work that swayed Council Members, Staff and others to do
things that we now know should not have happened. We've had a Council
apologize for what happened. We've had changes in the way Staff operates.
We have more transparency. If we had a ten-day window for packets, I
don't think we would have gotten off the ground on the wrong foot like we
did last time. The public does not have support for this specific individual to
be on the Committee at this time in any capacity. The best thing would be,
the easiest route would be to step down and then we can move on. Thank
you.

Becky Sanders: Thank you very much. I really appreciate your service to
our City. I'm Becky, and I live in Ventura. I'm one of the signatories to the
letter sent to the Council by the Palo Alto Neighborhood Association. I'm not
going to repeat what was said in that letter or what has been said this
evening by my colleague. I agree with most of what Fred said. Although, I
want to reiterate my support for this sentiment, and here's why. I'm a firm
believer in the process. It is most important that the Citizens Advisory
Council be given every opportunity to succeed. As it is now, it will operate
under a cloud, and it can't end well. We the people want to have faith in our
elected leaders and in our appointed leaders. The current makeup of the
CAC, the way in which its members were selected and the lack of
transparency does not inspire confidence in the process. I think it is better
to admit and correct than to barrel forward with a flawed Committee.
Therefore, I respectfully request that Council require a more balanced
makeup of the Committee as outlined in the letter. Thank you very much.
Appreciate it.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. Two different thoughts on
this item that I really wasn't expecting to talk to except for the fact that
there are not very many people left here. One actually has to do with the
way that the Brown Act is being interpreted in Palo Alto with regard to the
CAC and what members of the CAC can and cannot do. I serve on four
different Brown Act bodies and watch a lot of different local governments.
Palo Alto's interpretation of the Brown Act for the CAC is the strictest I've
                                                                       Page 110 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
