                          TRANSCRIPT
means you are limiting this building to a three-story building. No option for
a fourth floor. I want to make sure that's your intent.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, that's your language.

Council Member Burt: Yes, that's correct.

Mayor Holman: I look to City Attorney. I don't know if we can ...

Council Member Filseth: Are we legally allowed to ...

Mayor Holman: Without knowing findings or being able to make findings,
can we actually direct this?

Ms. Silver: It's certainly helpful in terms of guidance to tell the ARB what
type of reduced scale you're looking for. Maybe you can say "focus on the
impacts of a three-story building as opposed to the proposed four-story
building," something like that.

Mayor Holman: That makes sense, yes. Council Member Burt, are you okay
with that?

Council Member Burt: It's the same intent.            I don't know what that
alternative wording would be.

Mayor Holman: She just provided it. Could you repeat that, please, for
David to pick up? At the very end, "with the option of a three-story building
as compared to a four-story building." Does that satisfy you, Cara?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, under Architectural Review
Board, Part E, “with the option of three story building as compared to a four-
story building.”

Mr. Popp: Just another wordsmithing clarification.

Mayor Holman: Let us finish this one first, if you could.

Mr. Popp: It says specifically "if the look and feel from the street is of a two-
story building with a third-story set back" and from the street a fourth floor
was not visible, would you allow a fourth floor? Again, you're talking about
the visible context.

Council Member Burt: I understand. I think my answer would be yes. Is
that agreeable to the seconder?


                                                                         Page 95 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
