                          TRANSCRIPT

support this idea of a minority opinion, so that again the Council can see
what are broadly shared and what are issues that are dividing people and
kind of identify hot spots for us. I can kind of summarize that in a motion.
Since everybody else hasn't spoken, I'll wait. Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: I noticed a couple of things in the letter that's
received a lot of support that I agree with. I do like the idea of changing the
CAC chair and vice chair to co-chairs. I understand that the chair that was
elected by the group has agreed to that notion. I think that's a great idea.
If we need to take any action to support that change, that'd be great. That
has my support. Item 4 in their letter about the outcome of each meeting
needing more transparency, I think that's worth exploring. Public comments
being allowed at the beginning of a meeting, absolutely. Public comments
before every vote, that might be really time consuming. I'm open to
colleagues' thoughts about that one. Item 6 of the letter from PASZ and
PAN lists what I think were three good questions about distinguishing
between Palo Alto residents and nonresidents, duplicating comments and
also unique commenters being identified in online comments. I think those
are all really good questions. I also agree with Item 7. Items 1 and 2 and
10, I take strong issue with. I'd like to hear from other colleagues before I
get into those. I think that those really raise questions about how we want
to encourage citizen participation in Palo Alto. Also, I want to emphasize
that if anyone in Palo Alto has a problem with something the City of Palo Alto
does, please don't attack each other. Please don't attack citizen volunteers.
Please don't attack Commission members, Committee members or Staff. If
you want to attack somebody, attack us, attack the people on this dais.
We're the ones you elect. The buck stops here. We're responsible for the
things you like and the things you don't like from the City government of
Palo Alto. I think that the conflicts of interest claims are baseless and unfair.
Actually I'm just going to say it now instead of waiting for colleagues.
Regarding somebody being a member of an organization that's involved in
studying and encouraging conversations about planning and land use issues,
to see that as a negative, to see that as a black mark, whether they're a
member of Palo Alto Forward, Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning, the League of
Women Voters, the League of Conservation Voters, the Sierra Club, the idea
that being a member of any of those organizations is a bad thing, I think is
absurd. There is a concern that's been raised about a cloud that the CAC
will be under. As a Council, we made a very conscious, deliberate and
explicit choice not to create a politicized CAC, to defer to Staff the selection
of the CAC so that it would not carry the cloud of being politicized. If we are
going to change our minds about that, we should be very clear that that is
what we are doing, that we have decided that actually a politicized CAC
                                                                        Page 115 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
