                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: I'd say it this way. When we go to these meetings, we get all
these issues raised that we've just gone over, space, vectors, tenant
compliance. We haven't got any phone calls about it.

Council Member DuBois: I went to the Cal. Ave. Association meeting. Four
or five Staff people were there, answered all the comments, questions. I
think one of the business owners compared our program to Oakland and said
we were doing a much better process. People seemed pretty enthusiastic. I
was pretty pleased. It seems like you guys have done a great job, a lot of
good work here. Again, just hearing that commercial composters can put
their stuff in a normal garbage bag, the bar is very low. They're, just like
you said, putting the bag in a different container. I'm eager to move
forward and have you guys back in a year to hear how well it's going.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth:    Thanks.   I had a question, but Phil answered it.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Then Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Thanks for the report. I had a couple of questions.
First, the associated signage. I see that we have some really nice signage
here, but I don't see this is on our bins. Are we actually going to have an
increased signage that will help people? I'll just add that I think it's really
crucial. You see Downtown in commercial areas, our compost and recycling
bins have very little impact. People put the wrong things in the wrong bins
routinely. I think a great deal of the problem is you go from city to city and
the rules change. People just get mixed up. Unless there are signs with
both graphics and verbiage of what's allowed and what's not allowed, I don't
think you're going to get people to be able to follow it correctly.

Mr. Arp: GreenWaste has developed some fairly new signage. They have a
lot of pictures on there. It's not as complex. Some of the signage can be
used for inside, front-of-the-house, kind of internal containers, indoor
containers. Certainly outdoors, we need good signage out there also. I
think the signage is much better than it used to be. We've empowered
GreenWaste to send their environmental coordinators out to train
everybody, to train staff, train custodians. We'll help the customer out, train
tenants, any way possible. I think we have some pretty good—I've seen
some signage over the last few months, and it does look a lot better.

Mr. Bobel: I have to say that—Council Member DuBois heard some of this
discussion at Cal. Ave.—we've got a ways to go. It's still too complicated.
                                                                        Page 25 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
