                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Does that allow us to discuss modifying an SSO?

Mayor Holman: City Attorney, when this comes back, when this returns,
when the single-story overlay item comes to us on June 29, at that time
could this be noticed—I think that's what you're trying to get at—as a part of
that? To have a discussion about the broader applications of overlays.

Ms. Stump: Yes, you could direct Staff this evening to bring back an item at
the end of June that's very broad. You could discuss all policy aspects of
single-story overlay or other types of neighborhood protection zoning ideas.
As long as the Staff understands that that's what the Council wishes to do,
we can craft an agenda item that's broad enough to do that and that would
allow you to take action yourself, refer items to your Planning Commission,
refer items to various Committees.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, would you accept that? The last
sentence that you have here would be replaced by language "to direct Staff
to place on the June 29 agenda an Action Item that would consider ...

Ms. Stump: Policy matters related to single-story overlay and neighborhood
protection.

Mayor Holman:       And other overlay matters related to neighborhood
protection. "Other neighborhood overlays that could provide neighborhood
protections." That's agreeable to you, Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yep. Thank you.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part 1, “bringing that to
the Finance Committee before break” with “to return to City Council on June
29, 2015 for further discussion.”

Mayor Holman: I haven't spoken to the main Motion. I spoke to it mostly
previously. This is for a finite amount of time. I'm hoping that when this
comes back on June 29th—I don't know how much information is going to be
provided by Staff. It's still a short timeline. I'm hoping that we will be
supportive of this.

Council Member Scharff: I will not be supporting the Motion. First of all, it's
too prescriptive to say $2,000 from residents per application. It would be
good for the Finance Committee to look at that. There may be a point in
waiving the fee. That may be $2,500. It may be $1,500. It could be that
we don't do that at all. It's just pulling it out of the air. I don't think there's


                                                                            Page 54 of 81
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 6/8/15
