                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Wolbach: Right. That's why we're having these priorities.

Council Member Kniss: That's why I can't support it. I'm back to where I
was before on this. Once again it is almost midnight. We're making this
decision. Hardly anyone here has had a chance to speak to what our
priorities are. Should it be Caltrain? It would be my priority, but I'm very
hesitant to go forward without listening to what the new Comprehensive Plan
study group has said and to what the public would say. If we tossed this
open to the public at some point and said, "Let's discuss transportation,"
would this be where they would come out? While we were elected to make
decisions for them, this is a big one and the first time for this Call for
Projects. I would be far more comfortable if we put this in and then had an
opportunity to fine point it later. I think "no" should be explained, and that's
why I'm voting no on this one.

Mayor Holman: Before us then—we're ready to vote—is a motion by Vice
Mayor Schmid and Council Member Kniss ...

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: You are right, you are right. I am getting tired. Voting on
the amendment which is Council Member Wolbach, seconded by Council
Member DuBois, to highlight four priorities: dedicated funding for Caltrain
grade separations in Palo Alto and other Caltrain capacity improvements,
bicycle-pedestrian improvements, first and last mile service, and support
VTA's plan to support TMAs and other TDM measures. All those in favor,
vote on the board, or opposed. That amendment passes on a 5-3 vote.
Council Members Kniss, Filseth and Vice Mayor Schmid voting no, Council
Member Scharff absent. That motion passes on a 5-3.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED:                 5-3 Filseth, Kniss, Schmid, No,
Scharff absent

Mayor Holman:        We return to the main motion, which I tried to do
prematurely. If we can scroll back up to that. The main motion which Vice
Mayor moved and seconded by Council Member Kniss to authorize a
response to the VTA Call for Projects consisting of the attached list of
proposed transportation projects and come back after Council discussions of
the Comprehensive Plan Update on the Transportation Element to further
prioritize projects. Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously, 8-0
vote, Council Member Scharff absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent
                                                                        Page 107 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
