                         TRANSCRIPT
know we're looking at it in general. One of the problems mentioned at the
seminar was the dozens of agencies, cities and various groups that are
involved in this are not talking to each other. Coordinating is a very
important issue. Another thing that's important is most people don't realize
the impacts that are potentially going to happen. I don't think very many
people realize what Palo Alto looked like 120 years ago. I happen to have a
USGS map. A significant portion of Palo Alto, almost all the way down to
Middlefield, certainly down to Newell, was marshland. That was filled in over
the years. That area is very susceptible to flooding from sea level rise,
especially if there's also a storm. If we have a storm during high tide,
literally thousands of buildings will be damaged by the increase in water. It
would be a good idea for Palo Alto to have a seminar similar to the one that
was held in Mountain View last week, sometime this fall. Get the people
involved and informed, have the Santa Clara Valley Water District, EPA,
some of the other government agencies that are working on this. You can
get people from Mountain View who are working on it. Inform the public
that we have an issue and we shouldn't ignore it, even though it's going to
take years before it becomes serious. It is going to become serious if we do
nothing. We should be informing the public about the potential damage.
There is an article about it in The Mercury today. If you missed it, you might
want to pick it up and take a look at it. It's something we should be
considering and acting on.

Kerry Yarkim: I met a lot of you at the Summit. I'm here to speak about
quality of life issues. Palo Alto, if you read about it online, in terms of
quality of life they talk about leafy, older, quaint neighborhoods, schools,
parks, walking, biking everywhere and into Stanford. Unfortunately, as we
are now the main arrival's expressway into San Francisco airport with over
200 planes a day, that quality of life is threatened and is fact disappearing.
I want to give you a snapshot of my life in terms of the planes. I live near
Lewis on Clara Drive, which is a very quiet, quaint, leafy street. I get woken
up at 4:30 a.m. almost every day by a United flight from Honolulu to San
Francisco airport. I go back to sleep. Around 7:00, there's another deluge
of airplanes coming over my house. I live in an older house that my parents
bought 60 years ago. It's still fine to live in. I go about my day. I get the
newspaper; there's a plane overhead. A lot of them are low flying. I'm at
the intersection of two routes: Oceanic which is the Asian flights and Surfer
1 which is all the planes from LA, San Diego, Orange County. They all come
and do the tear drop over Palo Alto. There's another line coming down from
Point Reyes which is the north site. I have a map. I'm going to go through
what happens when I chauffer my kids. I've got the planes, and then I start
to chauffer my kids. We go over to Barron Park School, and there are very
low-flying planes over there. In fact at the graduation ceremony, the
principal told 100-plus children to stop the graduation if a plane comes over,
                                                                         Page 31 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
