                             MINUTES
the Peninsula; and provided a process for residents, especially handicapped
residents, to appeal proposed mitigation assistance.

Council Member Kniss felt the decision was difficult for the Council, but even
more difficult for Buena Vista residents. She hoped others in the community
would unite to assist the residents.

Mayor Holman stated Buena Vista was a community. People would unite to
solve the problems for the Buena Vista owners and residents. Palo Alto
schools should be considered in calculating the value of Buena Vista homes.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

1) Approve the Hearing Officer’s decision with the following modifications:
   a) Updated appraisals of the on-site fair market value of each mobile
      home shall be completed within 6 months of the owner’s relocation
      from Buena Vista, at the Park Owner’s expense. Updates shall be
      prepared by Beccaria & Weber, according to the methodology utilized
      in the 2013 reports. If for any mobile home the updated appraisal
      amount is less than the appraisal calculated in the 2013 reports, the
      Park Owner shall pay the higher of the two appraisals, as may be
      modified by the Hearing Officer as described below; and

   b) Within 6 months of the mobile home owner’s relocation from Buena
      Vista, the Park Owner shall complete an updated market survey of
      average apartment rents in the cities surrounding Palo Alto, using the
      methodology in the RIR. This survey shall be the basis for calculating
      the 12-month rent differential and start-up costs described in the
      Hearing Officer’s decision; and

   c) Within 30 days of receiving the updates described above, any mobile
      home owner may submit a written objection, comment or
      supplemental data to the Hearing Officer. The Park Owner shall have
      15 days to rebut any such submissions. The Hearing Officer shall make
      a determination regarding the appraisal amount and comparable
      market survey based on the evidence submitted. The Hearing Officer
      shall not award less than the amounts contained in the updated
      analyses of the Park Owner, or more than the amounts supported by
      evidence submitted by the mobile home owners. The Hearing Officer
                                                                        Page 25 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
