                          TRANSCRIPT
commercial and residential solar is advocated is because there are significant
environmental impacts of utility-scale projects almost invariably. They
either take away natural land and natural habitat or farmland. Many regions
nationally and regions within our state have been pushing back on these
large utility-scale projects, because of those other environmental
detriments. In addition, the need for expanded large-scale transmission
lines have their own environmental detriments. We have these benefits
which weren't discussed about essentially resilience or emergency benefits.
As we begin to have our local renewable generation become significant, it
then becomes something that is of real value in an emergency. Long Island
Power has greatly expanded a comparable CLEAN Program in the wake of
Hurricane Sandy.      They've recognized the criticality of having greater
renewable generation, because they were without power for so long after
their catastrophe. Finally, the point was made that there is a value. If we're
having a carbon-neutral electricity supply and striving toward a carbon-free
City and a sustainable model, there is a real value to a physical presence of
renewables within our community. I think about Council Member Kniss
when she ran for City Council 1 1/2-2 years ago. One of the refrains that
she had was a criticism on why she didn't see more solar in our community
compared to County programs. We were able to argue that we have these
great utility-scale projects.      She countered, "I don't see solar in our
community."       There's a disconnect between the appearance in the
community and this commitment. Together this is a whole series of reasons
why the Finance Committee frankly took a tack that was unanticipated and
not thoroughly thought through and discussed but drove home in this
direction.   Finally, Council Member Scharff and that Committee made
strongly a point. When Staff did mention the City garages that had these
imminent contracts on them and with the changes in shared vehicles in the
future, we were making a bad investment and a risk in placing solar on top
of our garages because those garages may become unnecessary in the
future. That surprised me a great deal, given that Council Member Scharff
had strongly advocated for building additional garages Downtown the year
before when he and I both served on the Infrastructure Committee. If I
recall correctly, he was initially supportive of two garages to be City funded.
I helped talk us back to one garage. In any event, if that day ever came
where we needed less parking and we didn't have all this overflow parking in
our neighborhoods that we're all trying to address, it wouldn't be the
garages we'd go tearing down. We'd build on top of ground-level parking
lots and not tear down City garages. That's as specious an argument as I've
heard in a long while. Together I think this was a very bad recommendation
by the Finance Committee.              I strongly support the unanimous
recommendation of the Utilities Advisory Commission and Staff.             One
process comment. What I hard Council Member Scharff speak about at the
Finance Committee was deliberately getting a unanimous vote on this so
                                                                         Page 33 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
