                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I do. There are investment decisions when you go
to banks that are difficult to get money for if you're a nonconforming use.
There are insurance issues that come up when you're a nonconforming use.
There are a whole bunch of issues that come out like that when you don't
have legal status to be there. I see no downside to doing this. I see no
downside to say, "You are not a nonconforming use. You have the status of
being there. We want you to be there." I don't see how this in any way
hurts us. I think it gives them comfort and could have, depending on which
bank loans they're looking at, depending on which investment decisions are
being made, give them the ability to conduct their business in an easier way,
without having to explain that we're actually a nonconforming use but we
can actually stay here because the Ordinance allows it. If we burn down, for
instance, we can rebuild to this. You can, right, if you're a nonconforming
use on this? That's a good question. Because under this, if you burn down,
say FedEx burned down tomorrow. FedEx could under their lease, say they
don't own the building, they could then rebuild and be FedEx. Whereas, if
we say they don't have status, I was assuming they could rebuild and be
FedEx, if they didn't expand or whatever. There's an example for instance
...

Mayor Holman: I think we're talking about a distinction without a difference,
largely. Again, I appreciate the intention, but I'm just a little concerned
about unintended consequences here. If FedEx burned down, they could
rebuild. We're talking about the findings that are in the Ordinance. If
there's no other kind of service on there, I would imagine they could get
another CUP or get a CUP for this. I'll leave it at that. All those in favor of
the motion or opposed to the motion, please vote on the board.

Council Member Berman: The amendment?

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. The amendment, yes. Thank you. This is on the
amendment. The amendment passes on a 7-2 vote. Vice Mayor Schmid
and Mayor Holman voting no. That will be incorporated into the motion.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Holman, Schmid no

Mayor Holman: Now, we are ready to vote on the motion. The motion is to
approve the California Avenue—Council Member DuBois, you had something
else?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I just want to, I think, correct maybe an
oversight. You're including PTOD. The Ordinance also includes CC(2)(P)
which is another form of PTOD. I think you'd want to include that as well.
It's on Page 4 in Section 3.

                                                                        Page 71 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
