                         TRANSCRIPT
Foundation's success, our City's modern, dynamic library system and our
donors who made it all possible. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Susie, you were so efficient in your presentation. Do you
want to take a moment and introduce the Members of the Foundation, since
they're here. I hope it's not putting you on the spot.

Ms. Thom: We have with us, sitting on my far right with the white hat, one
of our founding Members and I believe she was the first President of the
organization, Mary Jean Place. You all know Lanie Wheeler. This lovely
gentleman in the middle I have not met. I think he was there before I was.
Robert Jack. The same with the lady beside him. I'm sorry, but I don't
know her name. Amy Greene. You all know John Melton. We have our
Staff members who provided incredible support, Lynn Drake and Gayle
Fulish. I think you all know Leo. Behind them we have Jocelyn Alexander,
Michael Hall, our Treasurer Lenore Jones. Of course you all know Alison.
Then we have Sigrid with us. Bern and last but not least Lynne Russell.

Mayor Holman: That's Alison Cormack, Sigrid Pinsky and Bern Beecham.
Thank you all so very much. Well done. We are very much appreciative.

Monique le Conge Ziesenhenne, Library Director: To close this, we have a
short video of the opening day at Rinconada, similar to the one we did for
Mitchell Park. I've got that to wrap this up. [Video presentation shown]
That was February 14, 2015, the final project of the bond projects. You saw
some of the outcomes of the hard work that the Foundation offered to the
community. I, as a Library Director, want to express my appreciation and
thanks. The amount of time that they have put into this has been truly
remarkable. We have a wonderful, wonderful library system to show for it.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I know at least one other Council Member and I have taken
advantage of your invitation to tour some of the libraries most recently,
Monique. I have five favorite libraries. Thank you all to our volunteers. You
made this happen, along with our City Staff. We're very well served by our
Staff and citizen volunteers. Thank you all so very much.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I can't tell you the number of smiling people I've run
into in and around our new libraries who have said it was worth the wait.
Thank you for making it happen.




                                                                       Page 2 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
