                          TRANSCRIPT
I'm torn a little bit on how to implement the conditional use permits for new
formula retail on California Avenue. It's a tough decision for the Director. It
puts the Director in a difficult situation. I doubt there'll be that many
coming to them. I'm wondering if they should come directly to Council.
When I asked the questions from you, it seemed that it's basically
discretionary is what you said to me. I didn't get a sense that the criteria—I
got the sense that the criteria could be applied for any business I chose
differently. I didn't see any consistency in terms of how you would apply
those. Maybe I just don't understand it, but that's what I got from you
when I asked you those questions. I was going to give you another
opportunity to say it would be different.

Mr. Lait: Again, I think it's a case-by-case review depending on what ...

Council Member Scharff: Is there any reason why we shouldn't just have it
come directly to Council on that?

Mr. Lait: Perhaps the Council could be informed by some earlier comments
that are put into the administrative record.

Council Member Scharff: Would it go to PTC first and then Council? I mean,
what's the right way to do that?

Mr. Lait: I think, one, we've got a CUP process in place today. If we wanted
to deviate from that CUP process, maybe the CUP is not the appropriate
application that we want to use. I would say that we do send out a notice to
a 600-foot radius from the site. If people generally are not satisfied or
happy with the outcome, I think it's going to come to the Council.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On Page 2 of the Staff Report which is Page 65
of the packet, it mentions that we would limit formula retail on—sorry. I
think it's the sixth bullet point down. It says that we would limit other retail
uses on California Avenue to no more than a defined percentage. I was
looking in the draft ordinance for—maybe it's not there or maybe I just
glanced over it somehow—what percentage of Cal. Ave. would be allowed to
be formula and what percentage of Cal. Ave. would be allowed to be other
retail. Were those in the ordinance and I missed them or were they not in
the ordinance currently?

Mr. Lait: They're not in the ordinance. They're not in the Ordinance,
because we just don't feel like we have enough data to pick a percentage.
We thought rather than set a percentage standard, that the conditional use

                                                                         Page 61 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
