                          TRASNCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: A couple of questions. The hydrology study will look at
the flow of Buckeye Creek through the park. Is that right?

Mr. Anderson: That's right. Through the park and through that 7.7 acres.

Vice Mayor Schmid: A lot of the sand that is brought comes out of the park
into the 7.7 acres. My feeling is that's a fairly complex study, and I would
guess that there's going to be three or four alternatives which might be
quite distinct and different with varying prices associated with it. Is that a
reasonable assumption?

Mr. Anderson: I believe so.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We have to think through the park itself, what we
want, what we're willing to invest for the long term, how to get back to its
environmental nature. Now if you go back a step to your Park Master Plan,
one of the things you've done is run a number of workshops, people
surveys, what do you want, what's missing, what would you like to see. Of
course, you'd like to do the same thing with Foothills Park, run surveys,
workshops with people, what do you think and where are you going to go
with this. I would think it'd be very helpful that people's only experience
with the 7.7 acres now is to walk through a site that is prohibited, signs do
not enter here. You walk through for 50 feet and you have an 8-foot fence
where you can't see anything. Public participation will be minimal, unless
there's an opportunity for people to have some experience of that valley and
park. I guess I can see some real virtues to having a simple loop trail where
over the course of a year or maybe it's three years, as these decisions are
being thought of and made, having a group of people who actually
experience something and can look back on a summer evening up Wild
Horse Valley, can see the nice valley that is there or can see that it's just a
gravel pit. Who wants to spend money on a gravel pit? Those are choices
that people should participate in. It seems to me some kind of access, a
simple loop trail, would get over time hundreds of people to have some
experience of the space. Yeah, I think there's virtue in spending a few
dollars now to make that future choice, which is going to be a tough one,
more amenable. Let me just ask a practical question. There's a lot of
gravel, 5 feet of gravel, in there. Is there any value to that? I see people
and companies with gravel trucks coming and utilizing gravel. Is there any
value or, even if there's not value, is there any use for that?

Mr. Anderson: That's a good question, and one I think you might have
mentioned in a previous meeting. I took note of that. We took a sample
down to Public Works Staff that manage the landfill and showed it to them
and said, "Do you think there is value? Is there any place that will take this?

                                                                        Page 54 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
