                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: That would be 113,000 square feet a year if we
paced it out, something like that, which is quite a bit higher than ...

Ms. Gitelman:   There's no reason why you have to use it up in 15 years
though.

Mayor Holman: That's right.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we would be happy to get a motion suggesting that
the CAC look at a pacing mechanism similar to the interim office limit, if
that's the Vice Mayor's intention here.

Vice Mayor Schmid:       Okay, as long as it's clear that it is Citywide
nonresidential.

Council Member DuBois: I think the motion would be look at a pacing
mechanism of nonresidential development ...

Mayor Holman: I think your intention may be—the cap is nonresidential. I
think what we're looking at is office, because nonresidential includes retail.
It includes all kinds of things.

Council Member DuBois: I was going to suggest a larger number. Citywide
50,000 to 115,000 square feet a year. Again, the maker of the motion, did
you mean office space?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I meant nonresidential Citywide.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you seconding this?

Council Member DuBois: At this point, is this acceptable?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, I'll accept that.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that and I would be open to some
discussion about the ranges. Again, I think we're kind of trying to figure out
a range to evaluate with the CAC. If that's overly precise, I'd love to hear
from Staff the best way to kind of describe a range.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to direct the CAC to look at a pacing mechanism for non-
residential growth citywide, similar to the Annual Growth Limit with a range
of 50,000-115,000 square feet per year.




                                                                      Page 105 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
