                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss:     I'll second that.   We have to.   We've got to do
something.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue this Agenda Item to a date uncertain.

Council Member Scharff: If we have no solution on this, it doesn't go to the
Planning and Transportation. We just don't get an office cap.

Council Member Filseth: Can I make a substitute motion?

Mayor Holman: Of course.

Council Member Filseth: I'm not sure exactly how to word this. I'd like to
move that we do something similar to Council Member Wolbach's motion,
but with the amendment that any coordinated area plan which allows
office/R&D space subject to the criteria we've set, if we pass one of those,
then the 50,000 square feet per year office cap will be reduced by that
amount. If we say we're going to put some stuff in the Fry's location, that is
automatically taken away from the 50,000 square feet. If we say we're
going to do 10,000 square feet—it's a little tricky because it's over time. It
would be reflected in the level of the office cap.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a second.

Council Member Wolbach: He's offering it as a friendly amendment.

Mayor Holman: You said it was a substitute motion.

Council Member Filseth: There's no motion on the floor.

Council Member Scharff: There's a motion on the floor.

Council Member Berman: It lost.

Council Member Filseth: I would offer it as a friendly amendment if there's a
motion on the floor.

Council Member Scharff: I made a motion to continue to a date uncertain.
Isn't that a motion? It was seconded by Council Member Kniss. That's a
motion on the floor.

Mayor Holman: There is a motion on the floor which is to continue the item
to a date uncertain. It is a substitute motion.



                                                                      Page 102 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
