                          TRANSCRIPT
like to have the opportunity to complete and file that application. Given our
generation of community support and due process and all that, it'll probably
take us somewhere in the neighborhood of 120 days. I do ask that we
would like you to continue the program. At a minimum, we would like you
to continue it long enough for us to get our application in and approved.
Thank you.

Jon Foster, Utilities Advisory Commission Chair, regarding Agenda Item
Number 8: Good evening everyone. I'm Jon Foster, Chair of the Palo Alto
Utilities Advisory Commission. Much of what I prepared to say has already
been said, so I'll revise it and save you all a little bit of time. Here's the key
with the Palo Alto CLEAN program. First of all, CPAU Staff and the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC)… did recommend to the City Council that the
price be maintained at 16.5 cents. Here's the key in this program. Right
now what most people do in Palo Alto and everywhere else is put up solar
panels on their roof and use the electricity onsite. That's great. There are
some projects where you can generate more electricity on the site than you
can use. That's where you need a program like Palo Alto CLEAN that allows
you to sell that electricity back to the utility at a price you know ahead of
time, so you can go in and say, "I can do this project," and it will make
sense or maybe it won't, but you know what the price is going to be. If we
knock that price down to 10.4 cents, no projects are going to work. Right
now we have a couple of very innovative and exciting projects in the works,
the City parking garage, but even more significantly the community solar
program that would for the first time allow anybody in Palo Alto to buy solar
panels and get the economic benefit, even if their house is in a shady place
or is a multifamily home or they rent. We would kill off these programs.
The whole point is a program like Palo Alto CLEAN tells potential developers
or whoever puts up the panels, "You do it. You invest the time, the energy.
You're going to get this price." Knocking the price down to 10.4 cents really
pulls out the rug from the people who have spent time and effort on it. I
say, "Keep the price as it is." The Utilities Advisory Commission. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Jon, just to be clear for the record.         You're speaking for
yourself or on behalf of the UAC?

Mr. Foster: The examples of the community solar program, I'm speaking for
myself. The UAC as a whole did recommend that the price be maintained.
I'll say that my comments are for myself, except for the overall
recommendation.

Mayor Holman: Do we have any Motions?



                                                                           Page 13 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
