                          TRANSCRIPT
decades to come. In principle that's okay, but at the moment Caltrain is
above ground. The whole Peninsula is lousy with grade crossings. As train
frequency increases, and God help us if there's ever high speed rail here.
We have just got to figure out how to get the train below ground, or else the
congestion is going to basically lobotomize the Peninsula into two different,
long, thin, cities. This is the conundrum in Palo Alto, but it's going to be the
arithmetic in all the other Peninsula cities.         Palo Alto will allow an
underground Caltrain even if it's just a trench, but it's going to cost $1
billion. You mentioned that we asked for $900 million of stuff. That's
basically what it's for, so we're talking big buckets here. The challenge here
is if you add up what you need to really do BART right in San Jose and what
we need here, even a billion just in Palo Alto alone, and what everybody else
needs, it's going to come up to more than 6 billion by a substantial amount.
Unless some big pot of money outside can be found, we're going to have an
existential problem up here. I don't know what the answer is, but we'd
welcome your advice. That's what we've got; we've got an existential
challenge here around surface rail. Grade separations, it's a short-term fix;
it's not a 50-year fix. The truth is it'll cost as much as trenching a train,
because we've got to seize a huge amount of land to do it. That's what
we've got to figure out how to do if we're going to figure out how to grapple
with this.

Mr. Guardino: Council Member, you raise several good points. Let me try to
do my best to address them. First, you mentioned you guys in San Jose.
I'm actually a West Valley resident; I live in Monte Sereno.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry.

Mr. Guardino: No, that's okay. I was born in San Jose; it's a great city.
Just to clarify where I live and where my family is. In terms of Caltrain, a
speaker I don't know said earlier that somehow we broke our word on
Caltrain funds. I'll be unhumble for a moment. The Leadership Group in our
efforts and my work on the CTC has generated more for Caltrain
improvements than anyone in the history of Caltrain. Our past measures
have generated more than 220 million delivered or under delivery for
Caltrain. I personally led the effort as one of nine gubernatorial appointees
on the CTC for 109 million to modernize and electrify Caltrain, successfully
so. In three weeks as you all know because you're all invited to join us, 25
CEOs are leaving their day jobs for three days to go to DC to fight for 220
million in core capacity funding to continue to electrify and modernize
Caltrain. I'm happy to stake my reputation and our past work and our
future work on what we've done for Caltrain. We've never taken a dime
from what we've promised for Caltrain. People are entitled to be impolite;
they're not entitled to their own facts. Your next point is about Caltrain.
                                                                         Page 73 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
