                         TRANSCRIPT
the orange jackets that I'm now seeing almost all day long. I want to ask
some more about that. Also, Jim, you and I earlier discussed Project Safety
Net and where you see it going at this point. I'd like us to have this brief
discussion, so we all know where that's going to be. It will go before Policy
and Services tomorrow night.

Mr. Keene: Rob is here if you need more discussion. The members of
Project Safety Net and affiliated individuals around the community have
been doing a lot of work this spring in particular. Deepening work about
what the form and the roles and the funding and the best practices are for
going forward. They have developed some alternative recommendations
about how to put Project Safety Net on a clearer and more sustainable
footing. I can be honest with you. I've been skeptical about some of the
ideas, but it's partly because grasping some of the concepts in these
collaboratives is pretty difficult. You're dealing with a complex human
systems, health issue that involves a whole range of people across so many
different organizations, the whole drill.

Council Member Kniss: If I could jump in there, if you don't mind. What is
inherent here is the person that we hire as the coordinator. That's going to
be not only important, but I hope that person will have some type of mental
health background, is used to working in that field and pulling this group
together. This is about the kids in our community. I know it certainly must
have begun with exactly that in mind. How a community that's clearly
stressful in many ways and is talked about now, including the New York
Times over the weekend. We have become such a spotlight. This is one of
those areas where we could make a difference. You advanced the amount
that could be used for this tonight. I was delighted to see that. As I said, I
don't think we need any Motion on this, but we need at least some sense
that, as a group, we're going to support that. That pretty much doubles it
from what we looked at in both areas, both the coordinator and in the Track
Watch.

Mr. Keene: Two things. As far as the coordinator, we're almost doubling.
You're correct. Walter does have a correction on their numbers for the Track
Watch number. $168,000 closes the gap for the full year, not another
$315,000. Still we're talking about $0.5 million just on the Track Watch
portion and $200,000 for this position and some supporting costs. Again, it
begs the question of the larger issues about how do the other key
participants in the collaborative contribute and also what is a sustainable
revenue stream, because we don't have a sustainable revenue stream.

Council Member Kniss:     That would be my last comment.          This is a
community issue. This isn't simply one that rests with the City Council, but

                                                                        Page 69 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
