                         TRANSCRIPT
"other," "and in addition to the funding already requested by Caltrain for
other Caltrain improvements." Is that your intention, Council Member
Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. As Council Member DuBois points out,
before "separate" and after the word "percent," so after "15 percent" it
should say something like "15 percent of funds raised by the ballot
measure."

Mayor Holman:    Council Member Scharff, is that still agreeable to you to
accept?

Council Member Scharff: That is.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois? Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A, “separate from
other Caltrain enhancements” with “of funds raised by the ballot measure
separate from and in addition to the funding already requested by Caltrain
for other Caltrain improvements.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, you still had the floor. You had
something else you said.

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. Thank you both to the maker and the
seconder for accepting that. The second one, I wanted to suggest adding a
little bit more clarity to Item B here, about the need factors. Again, the
point here is we want to make sure that we don't miss out on opportunities
to actually use this funding even if it gets included in the ballot measure.
What I would suggest adding is in "B,"—we might end up deleting some
stuff—for now I'm suggesting as a friendly amendment that "cities have until
the end of 2018 to submit applications." I'm open to tweaking the timeline
or that we keep an open-ended timeline, but that there be some gap in time
is the point here. This is your rough draft; we can work with it. I'm hearing
some mumblings, so we can tweak it more.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Wolbach: There's a couple more pieces. One, that cities
have until the end of 2018 to submit applications. Two, that funds from the
tax measure could be used to fund design. Three, that—the third part would
actually go right after need factors. It would say "need factors primarily
traffic and safety concerns." You either want a semicolon or break it into a
subpoint.
                                                                        Page 65 of 70
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/13/15
