                         TRANSCRIPT
We have flexibility to alter that and take from that and still be within the
Council's guidelines for the Reserve.

Mayor Holman: I have just two or three things. Thank you, Council
Members. One of the things that I've mentioned previously, and I just want
to have Staff comment briefly on utilization of the open data programming
that we have and data that we have. Can Staff respond to how that will be
utilized during this Budget process?

Mr. Rossmann: Sure, Mayor Holman. Before I respond directly to your
question, the Budget documents will be uploaded tomorrow and available on
our website. We realized today that the data files are so large that we need
to break them apart and have a subpage for the Budget documents. That's
the disadvantage of going for a larger document. You'll see this hopefully by
mid-afternoon tomorrow.        Regarding open data, we appreciate your
comment. We're trying to upload the Budget data from our Budget system
into the open data platform and make it available to the public. Our goal is
to get this done by Tuesday of next week, when we have the Finance
Committee hearing, hopefully sooner. Once we have it updated, we'll advise
you. Open data is the platform which we use to show actual Budget data for
the last two or three fiscal years. The public can go into each department,
cost center and fund and drill down to a much deeper level of accounting
and funds budgeted than you'll see in this Budget document. It allows a
different view of our data. It allows comparative views from year-over-year.
You'll be able to see how salaries and benefits data went up. If you look, for
instance, at pension, it was budgeted at a certain amount in the General
Fund for '15 and what's the change for '16. This is what data will allow the
public and you as well to look at.

Mr. Keene: If I might add, Madam Mayor? Talking with the Director,
obviously it takes a lot of work by their team and everybody to get this
document done. This provides the basic information for us. Literally, they
just got this done this weekend. By the time we're with Finance, my
understanding is this will be on the Open Gov website. It's extremely
important for us to do that. Those of you who aren't aware of it, we were
the first OpenGov organization at the local level. They're now all over the
country. I'm actually speaking this week to a bunch of folks about what it is
we've done. I will be sure to weave in the Mayor's urgent question about
how quickly we're going to be getting this updated. It's a good measure of
how receptive the Council and the community is to having that simpler data
available.

Mayor Holman: I appreciate that a great deal. When you had been here
just a little while, Jim, you took the Budget on the road. Maybe with the

                                                                         Page 12 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
