                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I'd be fine with it.

Council Member Wolbach: Is that a second?

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to remove from the Motion Part 3, “and direct Staff to bring
topics to CAC and then to Council approximately within a month of each
other to keep the groups in sync.”

Mayor Holman: We have as a separate Amendment to delete "and direct
Staff to bring back topics."

Council Member Wolbach: It's unnecessary. I'd rather give Staff flexibility
and rather give ourselves and the CAC the flexibility they need.

Council Member Scharff: I'll just speak to it briefly. What I heard Staff say
is that they were planning on doing this iterative process. I'm willing to take
them at their word on it. I agreed when Council Member Burt said, "Maybe
we should make it two months rather than one month." I said to myself, "If
we don't like the process that Staff's using, we can change it." I heard Staff
say it would be iterative, and I did think it was a little too prescriptive.
That's why I support this.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That Amendment fails on a 5-3
vote, Council Members Berman, Scharff and Wolbach voting yes, Council
Member Kniss not participating.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5 Berman, Scharff, Wolbach yes, Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I've one other. On the question of being a Palo
Alto resident, I'm a little bit uncomfortable with this "in particular," because
I can envision, for instance, Staff deciding to include somebody from
Stanford, because of the close relationship and interactions between the City
and Stanford on so many issues. If that person was the right person from
that organization, but was not a Palo Alto resident, I would not want to
preclude them from being a participant. I would propose following the
example in Item f. I would change the word "must" in Item a to "ideally be
a Palo Alto resident."

Council Member DuBois: There is a Stanford person already called out as a
nonvoting member. Again, I feel like this is our City Comp Plan. We have
65,000 residents who live in Palo Alto. We can find people in the City.
                                                                        Page 117 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
