                          TRASNCRIPT
are all things that Palo Alto Library has been doing for years. When I talked
to some of the other librarians in other cities, they looked at me and said,
"You're doing that already? We're not going to do it until next year or the
year after. Wow." What I got out of that meeting was that there's a lot of
interest in changing the way libraries perform and what they offer in the way
of services and in the way of being meeting areas and congregating areas,
not just checking out books. A lot of libraries nationwide are having a
problem meeting those goals. Compared to the other libraries, we're doing
quite well. I was very impressed the responses I got from librarians from
other cities and other states and the fact that they recognize that Palo Alto is
doing quite well. The other thing that they were impressed with, how many
people are in Palo Alto? About 66,000. You have a couple of branches. No,
we have five branches. Oh, five branches. We've got one branch for
100,000 people. What's your budget? It's going to go up to $7.5 million.
People would gasp. They are very impressed with the way that Palo Alto
recognizes the importance of libraries and supports them. I would like to
thank the Council for your encouragement and your support there, because
it's important to the community. We are setting a real goal for librarians all
over the country. We're doing it very well.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you, Mr. Moss.        Now, we'll return to Council.
Colleagues, questions?

Council Member DuBois: Hi. Thank you for the presentation. It's great to
have our new libraries open. I've been really enjoying Mitchell Library and
Rinconada as well. I have a question about—looking at your stats here—
kind of physical media and DVDs and CDs versus streaming. How significant
is the cost of maintaining a DVD collection and how do you guys see that
transitioning to streaming? Is streaming a lot less expensive or does it cost
the same for a library?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Off the top of my head, I think, Diane (inaudible). We'll
have to get back to you. The amount that we spend on DVDs is actually
pretty minimal. We are trying to go to streaming as a format. The
streaming, we pay a flat rate for the entire year. Customers are limited
from three downloads per week. Potentially we could blow it out and run
out, but for over three years right now we have not yet. You download the
music and then you keep it. You can put it in your iTunes. It belongs then
to you. The cost per song is about 99 cents to $2.49. It's cheaper than
buying a DVD because you're buying the whole DVD. They still remain
popular. I do occasionally get complaints, like "You're not buying enough
new CDs."



                                                                          Page 6 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
