                         TRANSCRIPT
could be July. The direct reports, I'm not quite sure when. The Council
Member one-on-ones in early August. That puts us on a little better
timeline.

Ms. Figone: The direct reports, if you agree with us and at least this year
not do them again, are very labor intensive because they were open-ended
surveys. Because they came in later, it just added to the drafting time.

Council Member Kniss: It may also help, unless somebody decides to
depart, that we have a pretty stable CAO group right now. Looking over at
from the newest ones, Beth, by that time she'll have been here well over a
year. Having everyone in place, unless they surprise us really helps.

Ms. Figone: I think that's a really good comment. A couple of your CAOs
had never been through this process before even with the former consultant
or maybe just the tail-end. The two long-tenured CAOs were kind of
learning with us.       The process is stabilized; your consultant team is
stabilized, so it should be more efficient.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The danger is—there's a difference between our CAOs.
Three of them run essentially a focused department, and one runs the City.
The danger is that the Council interprets what's going on just how do they
react to the Council as opposed to what's going on in all these departments.
Maybe for the City Manager, what we should do is have a truncated report,
direct reports so that you have some each year, some feedback from
directors, Executive Leadership Team, if not all of it each year, so the
Council doesn't get into the judgment that the only thing that counts is how
the CAO reacts to the Council. I think that's a dangerous situation.

Ms. Figone: I'm not really quite sure what you mean.                Maybe a little bit
more discussion about that. We could ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: The City Manager, for example, instead of doing 12
members of the Executive Leadership Team each year, why not do five each
year? The workload is cut in half, but you're still getting feedback on how
the management side of the job ...

Council Member Kniss: You mean five give him feedback or do you mean he
gives it to them?

Ms. Egan: Which direction? Every other year, the Auditor, the Clerk and the
Attorney get Staff input. Every year, the City Manager gets some subset of
that Staff that give us feedback through some sort of survey. It wouldn't cut
the work in half, but it would—if that's what you wanted to do, that's
possible. Go ahead.
                                                                                   Page 22 of 39
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                            Transcript: 12/16/15
