                          TRANSCRIPT
Plan had. You can see that the CLEAN Program, the capped amount of 3
megawatts would contribute about 0.5 percent of that 4 percent. I wanted
to compare the different big projects we have outside the City for solar. We
have five Power Purchase Agreements, long-term Power Purchase
Agreements. They're 25 and then 30-year, and one 34-year contract for
about a little less than 7 cents for the last four projects we've done. These
were approved in 2012, '13 and '14. These are very large projects. They
total about 125 megawatts, those five. They contribute about 32 percent of
the City's annual energy when they are up and running and producing
energy and delivering it to the City. We do expect that the Kettleman Land
and the Hayworth one, the first one and the fifth one listed there, will come
online in June 2015. The other three projects, Elevation Solar, Western
Antelope and Frontier, are expected to come online in July 2016. All of
these will be online in a little more than a year from now. This is a history of
what the avoided cost of local solar is from our calculations, which is what
we see the market of remote renewables plus the cost that we estimate over
30 years for transmission and the losses associated with bringing remote
renewables to Palo Alto. When we first looked at this, the prices were a lot
higher in March 2012. We thought that the avoided cost of local solar was
about 13.5 cents, but that's when the CLEAN price was 14. The price has
dropped since then. Now, we believe that the avoided cost is about 10.3
cents per kilowatt hour. That's about that 7 cents that I showed you in the
last slide for the large solar Power Purchase Agreements plus about 3 cents
to bring it to Palo Alto. We had proposed the 16.5 cents per kilowatt hour.
At that price, that is an extra cost beyond the avoided cost of about
$310,000 a year at the 3 megawatt cap. That turns out to be about, I think
it's $6-something million over a 20-year term. The Finance Committee
recommendation was to set the CLEAN price equal to the avoided cost, so
that there was no extra cost, no other cost that the electric ratepayers would
have to bear. I wanted to make sure that you all understood what the
implications were for reducing the CLEAN price as recommended by the
Finance Committee. For one, the City has released an RFP and has been
negotiating with a vendor for putting solar on several of the City-owned
parking garages. They were counting on using the CLEAN price to do that
project. If so, the City would have received a lease payment for that.
There's also the Community Solar Program which is one of the programmatic
initiatives under the Local Solar Plan. That program we're still working on.
We have been negotiating with the vendor, and we have now ceased
negotiations. We're going to have to rethink what that program is. The
general idea on that is that we may have used the CLEAN price or some very
similar price for that type of program also. The Community Solar Program is
for people who aren't able to put solar on their own house, because it's a
bad orientation or it's shaded or they're a renter or something. They want
to participate in local solar projects, but they can't. They could participate
                                                                          Page 20 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
