                          TRANSCRIPT
District. Let me quickly give you a summary. The two property owners in
2001, the Christianson family and the Wong family, paid about $180,000 to
be entitled for these 37 parking places, $5,013 per parking space. At the
same time, the Parking Assessment District created about 700 parking
places at the cost of $64,000 a parking place. When you take a look at the
differential of what that is, it's in the document that I sent you today, the
Parking Assessment District basically didn't just create 37 parking places for
these property owners, it created 9,146 parking spaces, entitlements that no
one can explain to me, but it comes up every time. Here it is, 37 more
parking places. I think you need to ask Hillary, with all due respect, where
are those 37 people going to park. We know that there's going to be so little
parking available in Downtown two years from now. Then last but not least,
and I won't dwell on it, there's provisions for a Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) requirement on the property owners here. I won't have
time to explain why they're not adequate. I urge you not to approve the
TDM measures as recommended by the Planning Director until the public can
properly comment on them. I commented to you in writing, but I will not
have time to enumerate them tonight. Thank you for working this issue so
hard and for the hours yet to come.

Mr. Harbour: We've heard a lot about style and diversity this evening and
people's interpretation of that. I want to let you know that nowhere have I
talked about or criticized architecture or style or diversity here. The main
issues here are written in the Code, which is context and compatibility.
Compatibility has a lot to do with sizing and mass and how a building that's
built is in relationship to the buildings around it, and the harmonious
transition between one building and another. Because this building does not
have harmonious transitions between the buildings around it, it does not
meet Code. The building needs to be looked at not in a vacuum by what it
looks like by itself in a picture. What's really said is that those pictures are
so deceitful. Why would the architect submit pictures that are so deceitful
with regard to its size? The only thing that I can come up with is because
he's tried to hide the true impact of this building. We can still have mixed-
use buildings here. This is not an argument against mixed-use buildings,
but it needs to be smaller. The fact that the Applicant has purchased
property along Kipling Street which happens to be the most narrow street in
Palo Alto does not give her the right to build a 50-foot building that is not in
harmony with the buildings around it. The Design Guidelines specifically talk
about how we are to treat this building from the vantage point of Kipling
Street and how that terminus happens right at University Avenue. Nowhere
has this been discussed at all. The architect showed you many, many
buildings in Palo Alto in lead up to his last two pictures of his building which
showed very little other than this massive building with the disrespectful
vantage points. I urge you to look at all of this Code. Specifically the
                                                                        Page 45 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
