                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We return now to the budget discussion. I have one
comment, two actually. One is to add the traffic circle improvement Capital
Improvement Project funding.

Council Member Burt: Second.

Mr. Rossmann: I believe, Mayor Holman, the Council approved this with the
Motion from Council Member Scharff to approve the at-places memo. The
capital funding was included in that at-places memo.

Mayor Holman: The positions were specified, but this wasn't. I didn't catch
that that was included.

Mr. Rossmann: That's how I read the Motion. That's how I understood it.
He said all Amendments brought forward by Staff.

Mayor Holman: I didn't look at these as Staff Amendments. It's additional
information. Are we all clear?

Mr. Rossmann: It's all clear.

Mayor Holman: That was your intention?

Council Member Scharff: It was my intention too.

Mayor Holman: The second one is a question about something that I
thought was going to come up during the Finance Committee discussions.
That was having Police Officers on their feet in the commercial areas,
Downtown and California Avenue specifically. I didn't find that that was a
topic of discussion. If City Manager can address that and also why it would
be a budget item as opposed to reassignment. I bring this up because I
don't see Police Officers in the area. Twice in the last—I'd say three, maybe
four weeks, I've seen three police cars on this block, in their cars addressing
an enforcement situation. I don't understand why we're having Police
Officers in their cars right here, instead of on their feet and as a presence.

Mr. Keene: We have Staff and the Police Department here. We'll carry that
message back to the Chief. Since we'll be back here before Council next
week, be prepared to give a heads up and bring that up. We'll have Staff
here.

Ian Hagerman, Senior Management Analyst: Good evening, Mayor Holman,
Members of the Council. Ian Hagerman, Senior Management Analyst with
the Police Department. When we originally heard your question about
enforcement in Cal. Ave. specifically, we went back and looked at the data
around Cal. Ave. and the other Downtown areas. We do have a special
                                                                         Page 78 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
