                          TRANSCRIPT

recently. It being on a Monday you couldn't very well go. I didn't think I
had to go. All I needed to do, I thought, was just call the office and make
sure that the question I wanted to ask—it was in one of those question
formats where you write little cards—that the question format I was going to
ask was one of the questions that was going to come up. The way that they
do these, they have cards that you write in these questions. Some of the
cards, they have (inaudible). Some of the cards they have to begin with.
The whole point is to get the thinking of these important people out, so that
the people can understand what's going on. There wasn't anybody in the
office who knew anything about what was going to happen.               All the
knowledgeable people were up at (inaudible) College preparing for it. I
went, and I filled out a couple of cards. As it happened, I sat way down in
front. I was within stone's throw of the speakers. I filled out a couple of
cards and I hung onto them, because I could see the possibility of just
simply handing it to the moderator or Senator. Several people came by and
said, "We really want those cards. Don't try to give it to him. Just give
them to us." What could I say? I gave it to them, and then I anxiously
watched. My question would have to do, as you can imagine, about teacher
housing and whether the State was going to do anything so that the school
boards and the cities would take up that idea. The hour went on. The main
speakers, they were Torlakson, the State Education Supervisor, and Anne
Campbell of San Mateo County and a man named Gundry from Santa Clara
County. They said everything that you could imagine, even phonics. People
in the audience wanted to know about one thing and another. Early on, our
State Superintendent of Instruction, Mr. Goodwin, said there's also the
problem of how we're going to manage without teachers when the teachers
don't have any place to live. I thought, "He's asking for my question." I
kept watching. Our Senator was just looking carefully through these cards.
I could see them. He wasn't ignoring them or just taking the first one that
came along.      The question never came up.         I talked to Mr. Gundry
afterwards and I said, "This problem of teachers not having any place to live,
what's happening?" He said, "That conversation is going on at higher
levels." I mean, I'd be glad to contribute to that conversation; although, it's
obvious. That's my thought. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Rita Vrhel please.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. I'm here again to keep the subject of dewatering
before the City Council. While I was gone on vacation, one of my friends,
Judy Fields, a Palo Alto resident, took 13 of the 15 dewatering sites that
were either in progress or certified for 2015. She put together a list of the
square footage of the house and then the square footage of the basement.
                                                                         Page 31 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
