                           TRANSCRIPT
be something neat to think about if there's an opportunity there. I wanted
to throw that out as something to think about. I don't know if legally that's
possible or what have you. I don't think it's the Housing Corp.; I think it's a
different group. Hopefully they'd be amenable to something like that also.
Just a thought. Thank you guys.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Very provocative and fascinating sets of materials. I
like very much the little brochure you have, not only locating things but
giving a little flavor of what's out there in the community. I want to focus
on one thing. You're instituting a Public Art Master Plan, which is an
opportunity to step back and say, "What do we have? Where are we going?
What do we want to do?" It's a wonderful opportunity. It coincides with our
Comp Plan and helps us think about the City as a changing, evolving
community, this notion of having a chance to control or decide or be a part
of that influential thing.         The other major change that has come,
revolutionary change, is this 1 percent, not just on public buildings, but on
large commercial and housing buildings as well, and the fact that part of that
is paid into an in-lieu fee. It looks like, from your numbers as you begin to
go down there, maybe half the people might say, "in-lieu," especially smaller
locations. That changes the nature of what the Public Art Commission is
doing. Up to now, you've been looking at art onsite. How does this
particular piece of art fit in this site? All of a sudden with the in-lieu fee, you
have two critical variables: a piece of art and a location. The location can
be anywhere in town. How do you think about art and locations? I notice in
your brochure that the public artwork tends to be concentrated in the big
commercial parts of town and probably the parks. What about the rest of
the community? How can we integrate art into the rest of the community? I
would look to the Master Plan as a way with grappling with that issue of
what new criteria are there, that might help you think about not just one
piece of art, but a set of art pieces around town that do something for the
community. It might make sense to have some interaction. Some of your
community outreach might be to the Historical Review Board. What is there
in the history of Palo Alto that might through art be able to express itself?
Maybe the Parks and Rec Commission has some notions about how do we
link our parklands, how do we get people walking to local parks or
something, and what is there that might be magnets to attracts them. It's a
wonderful opportunity. I look forward to seeing the evolution of the Master
Plan. I would hope that you don't wait until some night in the spring of 2016
and you come to the Council and say, "Here's our final Plan." There could be
some alternatives or options to participate either as a group or singly in
what's going on, what kind of connection is going to made to our
Comprehensive Plan. How does it fit in? How does it enlighten? How does
it enrich our Comprehensive Plan? Look forward over the next year to
participating as we can and seeing what you come up with on critical issues.
                                                                             Page 10 of 56
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/27/15
