                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman:      Amy, did you say that's already in Tier 2?    It's come up
before.

Mr. Lait: Yeah, that's in our Tier 2 list.

Council Member DuBois:       I am curious what you guys think of this PTOD
issue.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you seem to have thoughts on that.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to suggest that isn't what you
really want something that says in a PTOD district you can have the greater
of the State bonus or the local one, whichever is greater but not both.

Ms. Silver: That would comply with State Density Bonus Law, that provision.
That would eliminate our legal concern which is why we're recommending
deleting the provision.

Mayor Holman: It sounds like we're covered. Council Member Wolbach.
Council Member DuBois, were you going to make an amendment? You
didn't jump on it.

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Filseth had the floor.

Council Member Filseth: I want to cede the floor to Council Member DuBois.
You should make the amendment, because you brought it up and you
understand it.

Mayor Holman: If you have the floor and you become silent, I think you're
done. Council Member DuBois then.

Council member DuBois I propose a friendly amendment that instead of
striking this line on page 29, that we say the greater of bonus density, either
the State or the PTOD would apply. I'll let legal do the wording on that one.
That's the intent.

Mayor Holman: It's on page 29, and it's right above—where is it exactly?

Council Member DuBois: It's Number 3 of this redlined, deleted.

Mayor Holman: It is Section 18.34.040(e)(3) it looks like. Do we have a
second? I'm sorry. The Motion was by Scharff. Do you accept that?

Council Member Scharff: I do accept it. I also wanted to make clear that I
did hear that we're going to come back and look at this issue on Tier 2 with
understanding the numbers behind it. I don't want to just say that we're
                                                                        Page 80 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
