                           TRANSCRIPT
suspect is being trafficked. This is a crime that happens in plain sight, that
folks won't realize is happening. Council Member Kniss was spot on that a
lot of it is domestic. Not all of it, but a lot of it. It spikes around big events.
I think with having Levi's Stadium in town, the Super Bowl will see a spike,
but there was the WWE huge event they had that had massive amounts of
people coming in. More people staying in hotels than the hotels were
prepared for. That's the times that they engage in human trafficking and
brining folks against their will. If anybody hasn't read it, I encourage you to
check it out. The May 8th edition. This was just something that—the more
articles there are about it, the more folks are aware about it, the greater
likelihood that things will be seen and noticed and caught. I think it's great.
I really hope that it's picked up in the local press, just because a big part of
it is trying to educate our residents about it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I see no other lights. We are ready to vote on
the board to adopt a Resolution indicating our support for combating human
trafficking, additional Staff training and identifying vulnerable populations as
well as promoting legislative advocacy. Vote on the board please. That
passes unanimously. Thank you colleagues.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Holman: It is 11:00.       It is time for Inter-Governmental Legislative
Affairs. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members. I
just have an info update under this item. As you know, and I think there
was a fair amount of emails to the Council, there's a bill that passed out of
the Legislature that's on the Governor's desk right now, AB 744, that
requires local governments at the request of a developer who wants to
receive a density bonus to reduce the minimum parking requirements for a
housing development to 0.5 spaces per unit if it's 100 percent affordable and
within a half a mile of a major transit stop, such as a Caltrain station.
However, there's no clause in the bill that regulates the ratio of vehicles per
unit that a resident can actually own and other sorts of issues. This could
lead to a scenario where multiple affordable housing projects are developed
with an insufficient parking ratio, just as an example. Since it could be
potentially signed any day, we worked with our legislative advocate,
Townsend Public Affairs, to draft a letter that the Mayor could sign
requesting that the Governor veto AB 744. Even without the details that I
was just highlighting there, it runs contrary to one of the Council's key
legislative guiding principles adopted by you, which is to protect local
government discretion and oppose legislation that reduces the ability of local
                                                                          Page 101 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/5/15
