                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: As I understood—yes, ma'am.

Mayor Holman: The reason Council Member Burt brought this up is does
that then make the Motion distasteful enough for eight Council Members to
vote for the Motion or not. Even in that case, if the Motion failed on a, say,
7-2 vote, I'll make that up, on a 7-2 vote, someone on the prevailing side
could still offer to have a revisit to that vote, have the vote be reconsidered
and the Motion be reconsidered. At that point in time, they could ask for
that Amendment to be withdrawn. Correct?

Ms. Stump: As I understood how the Council set up the last two hours of
your meeting here, you were taking votes on items to determine whether
they'd be in a final Ordinance that requires eight votes for passage. You
were making decisions. I did not understand or hear that Council was
treating those as parking lot items or straw votes. It makes a great deal of
sense to me and seems to me to be the appropriate rule that it requires
eight votes. If the Mayor wishes to proceed differently and do them as
straw votes, that's somewhat different than how you've been conducting
yourself for the last several hours. That would be permissible, but the final
Ordinance must be passed by eight votes.

Mayor Holman: Understood that final vote.

Council Member Wolbach: I agree with the City Attorney that I did not
perceive them as straw votes.        The simple question is the proposed
Amendment, which received seven votes, to be added to the main Motion,
was that added to that main Motion? Should that have been added to the
main Motion because it received seven votes? I understand that the main
Motion will require eight votes. The question is was that Amendment
properly listed as failed as an Amendment to the main Motion.

Mayor Holman: That's the question we've been struggling with.

Council Member Wolbach: I still haven't gotten a clear answer about that or
whether there's a clear answer from the City Attorney or whether it's really
up to the Mayor's discretion.

Ms. Stump: Council Member Wolbach, that is not a legal question. It's up to
the Council to decide how it wants to proceed. The Chair makes the initial
ruling subject to appeal to the Council.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. Its up to our discretion. Thank you.




                                                                         Page 54 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
