                              MINUTES
Mr. Carson asked if Council Member Berman understood the function of the
UV element.

Council Member Berman responded no.

Mr. Carson explained that bird diverters contained an element that absorbed
light during the day and emitted it at night. Night birds were able to utilize
that light to image the disks.

Council Member Berman recalled comments that the HNTB design would
have northbound access on the west side of the highway. He asked if that
also applied to the Moffatt and Nichol design.

Mr. Grover answered yes. Google favored stairs at that access location. He
offered to include a bike rail, as a member of the public suggested.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff made it clear that the Council would
have final approval of the design.

Mr. Eggleston responded yes.

Council Member Berman asked if Staff made it clear that the Council did not
have to accept the jury's selection.

Mr. Eggleston answered yes.

Council Member Berman did not believe the Council should concede approval
of a design or construction project to any entity. Both designs were well
executed and appropriate. The lower profile of the Moffatt and Nichol design
was appropriate for the Baylands environment.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to proceed with contract negotiations with Moffatt and Nichol Design
Group.

Council Member Filseth concurred with Council Member Berman's comments.
Both designs were beautiful bridges. In the long run, Palo Alto residents
were happier with the Moffatt and Nichol design. He thought in 20 or 30
years, the absence of architecture in the Baylands would be striking.

Council Member DuBois favored emphasizing the Baylands over the bridge.

Council Member Burt agreed Submission C, Moffatt and Nichol was context
appropriate for the Baylands; both designs were exceptional. He preferred
to have information about bird safety before selecting a design though.


03/16/2015                                                             117- 111
