                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: If that is the case, it sounds like whether they might
have looked at this or they might yet look at this, we may want to pursue
advocacy to the FPPC as they're redoing their administrative regs, other than
a legislative change. Do they take input from the public and agencies?

Ms. Stump: They absolutely do. They publish in advanced time proposed
changes to the regulatory provisions.         Then they take both written
comments and public comments before making a final decision. From time
to time, they do make changes. The cities, through the League of Cities and
specifically through the City Attorney's department of the League of Cities,
have a very active monitoring role in that process and participate in all the
meetings and seek to advance issues that cities have in common towards
clearer rules that provide guidance that can be (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: If we wanted to pursue that avenue as well, would it
be through your office and the City Attorneys Association or through what
means would we pursue the correction at the FPPC level?

Ms. Stump: We could start by inquiring whether the issue has been raised,
analyzed and dealt with by the FPPC, and how that was done and in what
context. It'd be helpful to the Council to know that.

Council Member Burt: That would be through your office?

Ms. Stump: I'm happy to do that. I can do that for you.

Council Member Burt: In that case, I'd like to modify the motion by adding
"and request our City Attorney to pursue regulatory changes along the same
lines." I don't know what language would be better.

Ms. Stump: It might be most productive to, first, do some research to
determine whether this type of issue has been raised and addressed and in
what way that was raised. Then to return perhaps to Policy and Services for
more specific direction about what the Council is interested in doing. Again,
the topic is a broad one.

Council Member Burt: Rather than "pursue," should I say "investigate"?

Ms. Stump: I like that better.

Council Member Burt: "And return to Policy and Services."

Mr. De Luca: I'd like to insert ourselves in that process. There's a lot of
committee staff I'd like to talk to to get some background, to get some
history, to hear what else has been proposed in the past, how it moved, why
it didn't move. We can also talk to folks at the FPPC. We've got some great
                                                                        Page 50 of 82
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/22/15
