                          TRANSCRIPT
land use and community design element, they could take up the Cal. Ave.
concept plan and the other concept plan and consider those as a piece.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Over the last four, five, six years we have identified a
number of critical elements already with the California Avenue plan. Mixed
use, housing, traffic issues, transportation alternatives In the corridor study
we had some of these issues. Could they be made concrete enough to be
the drivers behind the Fry's?

Mr. Keene: First of all, the way the motion's worded right now anticipates
either adoption of the Cal. Ave. concept plan within a year or revisiting this
issue with the Council. It's artfully stated to try to drive us towards a
solution but to keep your options open. That's one point. I'd be reluctant
for us to grab a timeframe out of the air, since we are going to have a public
process. The opposite is true. I personally think that breaking pieces off the
Comp Plan interferes and slows down the ability to do the Comp Plan more
than doing it in this orderly fashion. You and the public process will
determine that. It can be distracting to be thinking we've got to pull this
piece out and deal with it right now. It makes it even harder to get to it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The way the motion is stated, it says the California area
concept plan is adopted. That implies that it's separate. You're saying that
it's the whole Comp Plan that will be adopted?

Mr. Keene: Hillary's talking about this piece unfolding in a nested way in
conjunction with the Comp Plan. You have specifically asked us if this could
be done in advance. It's too early to tell that. Doing it this way, there's
more likelihood of adopting the Comp Plan, adopting the California Avenue
concept plan and ultimately getting a specific area plan for this in the most
expeditious way by the direction you're taking it right now.

Mayor Holman: When I came, I was leaning towards going ahead with the
area plan for the Fry's site. Given some more clarification for the leases that
are in place and the amendment and the motion, I feel much more
comfortable with this. As Council Member Burt indicated, the SOFA plan
wasn't absolutely tracking with the Comp Plan. Enough had been done that
we could move forward with that with good confidence. The SOFA plan took
a great deal of time because we had a strange circumstance of having three
different Planning Directors in a short period of time. We can do something
like this much more quickly. I have one minutiae question to ask. There is
a creek that runs across the site. I'm wondering if we might ask the Parks
and Rec Commission to see if that creek might be naturalized with Santa
Clara Valley Water District funding. Council Member Scharff and I have had
conversations in the past about renaturalizing some of our creeks. It would

                                                                         Page 80 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
