                         TRASNCRIPT
again a more expanded discussion of how the changes were developed and
recommended by the PTC. We also just wanted to acknowledge that the
City Council has access to additional information that obviously couldn't be
included in this little workbook. You received previously a summary of the
input on transportation, for example, that we received at the Summit that
was organized by some of our partners at Stanford University. You also had
a lengthy conversation of transportation investment priorities within the last
several meetings, and just at tonight's meeting you had a conversation
about the parks, trails and open space committee.           There's a lot of
information that didn't make it into the book, but is available to you as you
give some thought to the goals and vision statements for the two elements
we're discussing this evening. As we mentioned, it's community services
and facilities and transportation. That concludes the presentation. I did
spend a little time this afternoon discussing with the Mayor whether it would
be helpful to bring you a suggested motion. I'd be happy to share that with
you at some point, if you think it would be helpful. We're really here to get
your thoughts on all of these issues, prioritization, the structure and
organization of the Comprehensive Plan itself. Then for transportation and
community services and facilities, the visions statements and goals for each
of these elements. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I believe we have a tally from the City Clerk.

Ms. Minor: We do, Madam Mayor. We have Council Member Berman voting
for Julia Moran and Kevin Stern; Council Member Burt voting for Len Filppu
and Julia Moran; Council Member DuBois voting for Len Filppu and Peter
Taskovich; Council Member Filseth voting for Len Filppu and Peter
Taskovich; Mayor Holman voting for Len Filppu and Julia Moran; Council
Member Scharff voting for Julia Moran and Bob Moss; Vice Mayor Schmid
voting for Len Filppu and Bob Moss; and Council Member Wolbach voting for
Julia Moran and Kevin Stern. We have Len Filppu with a cumulative vote
between the first and second of nine; and Julia Moran with a cumulative vote
of eight. We had—Len Filppu got five votes and Julia Moran got five votes.
The cumulative brought Len up to nine and Julia to eight.

Mayor Holman: It was a tie. With that, I'm going to make a motion that the
Council confirm the addition of five additional members to the
Comprehensive Plan Update Citizens Advisory Committee.         Those five
persons being Annette Ashton, Jennifer Hetterly, Shani Kleinhaus, Mark
Nadim, and Len Filppu.

Male: You said Annette (inaudible).



                                                                       Page 84 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
