                            MINUTES
Mr. Eggleston reported the design phase was preliminary and costs could not
be fully determined. The $8 million construction cost was included in the
competition. Teams submitted estimates of construction costs. The TAP
advised that elements of the designs would not dramatically increase costs.

Council Member Burt asked what would happen if the selected design
exceeded $8 million in costs.

Mr. Sartor relayed that the contract could include a requirement for the
designer to remain within the budget. Cost estimates were to be performed
at various stages of design. If cost estimates exceeded the budget, the
designer was required to alter the design or to perform “value engineering,”
a method used to improve the value of goods or services by using an
examination of function, to bring costs within budget.

Council Member Burt inquired about the consequences if the design had to
be altered to remain within budget and those alterations affected aspects
favored by the City.

Mr. Keene was asking about the ability to change designs in a value
engineering situation.

Mr. Eggleston believed the next design phase, which included environmental
review, would provide better cost estimates. The cost for the next design
phase would be a couple hundred thousand dollars.

Council Member Burt understood the City could have more confidence in cost
estimates at the next design phase. Should cost estimates exceed budget in
the next phase, the risk to the City was a couple hundred thousand dollars.

Mr. Eggleston concurred.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff agreed that Submission C, Moffatt and
Nichol could have fewer problems obtaining Caltrans’ approval, along with
the environmental approvals.

Mr. Eggleston reported Caltrans did not typically review these design ideas
and they were not keen on the City utilizing a design competition.
Comments regarding Caltrans review came from the TAP meeting.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Staff could provide additional
information regarding the design least likely to have problems with the
environmental and Caltrans reviews.

Mr. Eggleston responded yes.


03/16/2015                                                           117- 107
