                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Yes. Without speaking to it extensively, I think all of
that actually enhances the motion. We'll get more information back. I think
the part that is the most important is to look at the numbers in the annexed
areas and evaluate that variable pricing at the same time. I don't think—
without going further, yes, I accept those. I think those cap the motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that there's been some discussion of these
issues in the past. My only hesitation is I'm worried about creating too
much work for Staff. Because there's already been discussion in the past,
hopefully ...

Council Member Kniss:        They're going to work throughout Christmas
vacation.

Council Member Wolbach: Hopefully because we've already had some
discussion about these issues previously, hopefully you can pick up on those.
Just do a little bit more work and come back to us with the
recommendations. With that, I support the amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff and the
Stakeholder Group to evaluate and return with recommendations:

    i.      Data gathering by Staff and leveraging partners; and

    ii.     Recommend the number of employee permits in annexed areas;
            and

   iii.     Evaluate variable pricing; and

   iv.      Review the pros and cons of one block side parking for workers
            in the most highly impacted areas.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: Staff?

Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Schmid, if I can just clarify. We will certainly
endeavor to get started on all of this right away. We anticipate coming back
to Council with the Resolution and Ordinance probably in early February, if
we're going to make our schedule here. I don't know that we will be able to
reach closure on all of these things by then, but they will be in process.

Council Member Burt: Fortunately, our January meeting schedule looks
light, and it often is light. If it's possible to schedule a discussion session in
advance of the Ordinance one, because if we are trying to absorb new
                                                                          Page 68 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
