                              TRANSCRIPT
     ii.         Section 1, third sentence after “to proceed with” add, “evaluation
                 of funding opportunities and return to Council for further
                 consideration regarding”; and

     iii.        Section 2, remove “to initiate preliminary design and.”

C.          Direct Staff to develop funding options for the Project and for other
            water recycling options and return to Council with specific
            recommendations on funding applications prior to being submitted.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, do you want to speak to your motion?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I think I've covered most of the issues. This is
really a dynamic one. We're looking at water recycling. A number of years
ago, we were paying $600 an acre foot, I think it was. We're up to 18 and
rising. All of these alternatives are in flux. The cost of reverse osmosis has
dropped significantly. It's still a very high capital cost. The operating costs
have certainly dropped a lot. We hear a lot about desalinization in many
areas of the state. Phil has helped clarify for me that the cost of recycling
the water from our treatment plant is a fraction of the cost of desalinization.
Brackish water purification is somewhere in between. This is going to be a
very interesting and important topic for us going forward. I'm glad we're
starting to move in the direction of looking at a range of alternatives or
combinations of them.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speaking to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Phil, I always feel more comfortable knowing you're
involved in it. My other comment would be, as concerned as I am about our
business model, about the other policy aspects of this, is that I think we've
become a little bit, maybe even a little bit more comfortable with the
drought thinking that we're going to have El Nino this year. I think even
though there's hardly any proof of that, I think there's a great deal of
comfort in thinking all of a sudden it's going to start to rain. It may not rain
at all. It may not rain for the next two or three or four years. We have to at
some point look at using this water. I am very enthused about getting
started on it. It's fascinating to me that Mountain View has been using our
water for this length of time. Currently, there are companies in the City
making money on our water. I can attest to that. There are many other
aspects of this in addition to the policy and the analytical questions.
Thinking of places throughout the world where they've had this kind of


                                                                           Page 120 of 130
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 9/28/15
