                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I feel obliged to ...

Mr. Keene: Directed to work on the Comp Plan.

Council Member Burt: ... clarify. The Comp Plan is really at a level that it
has visions, policies, programs. Subsequent to that, if we establish a new
program, which may be a paragraph in a Comp Plan, the year after that we
might do a new zoning district. I just don't understand this confusion if a
Council Member or Council Members, plural, say we should at least discuss a
concept, that we say, "We're overloaded. We can't even consider that as
part of the Comp Plan." That's the place to do it. The notion that the
Zoning Code changes have to go concurrently with the Comp Plan is a new
concept. It's certainly not what we've done in the past.

Mr. Keene: Let me just sort of—I'm not saying the final word, but so we can
move on on this. I was hearing a different thing from Council Member Burt
and the Mayor tonight even, that it's one thing to talk about more discussion
in the Comp Plan. You have given us a directive on the Comp Plan to work
on that. That seems appropriate to say, "Is there more definition you want
to add?" However, if we're also talking about inviting the community to
bring forward overlays and design overlays that would be actually more
details, that's what I sort of thought I heard. No, no, not from you, from the
Mayor. I just said as a follow-up that is that sort of second stage of work
that is much more detailed. I just want to make sure that we have a
process for modulating that coming in. We already fall behind on delivering
on committing to things that the Council has asked the Staff to do. Then the
Council gets upset with us for not being able to deliver on things you've
already specifically asked. We've got to have a little bit more discipline
about taking new things on in the course of a single budget year. That's all.

Mayor Holman: My comments were intended to indicate that the public is
willing to do a good amount of that work. That doesn't mean that Staff
wouldn't have work to do as well. Obviously as part of our work plan and
working that out, then we need to know what we can manage and in what
timeframe. This conversation does make me think of one thing, and it's not
agendized so I'll just throw out the notion. When we are doing our Comp
Plan discussions at the Council level, it might be a good idea to come
forward with kind of a cleanup or sweep-up. There might be things that
come to mind over the course that we need to put out there. For instance,
things such as this.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. As you know, we've designed
kind of an iterative process where you provide input on goals. The CAC
takes a first stab at policies and programs. Then that comes back to the

                                                                           Page 20 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
