                          TRANSCRIPT
impacts of a growth cap on the City's General Plan and its Housing Element,
its local tax base and the potential of unintended consequences including
potential CEQA consequences; conducting traffic and parking analyses to
better understand the true nexus of R&D and office development in the
targeted areas with the potential for focused, pointed mitigations that could
be implemented in those areas to address the concerns of traffic congestion
and lack of parking; and a full assessment of the City's brick and mortar
retail viability. We believe that through a more studied approach the City
will be able to maintain its healthy retail sales tax base, identify and
implement focused remedies to manage vehicular traffic and parking
congestion, and enable the City to facilitate its goal of additional residential
living spaces near commercial and transit centers through mixed-use
development opportunity. We also believe that through rigid, inflexible
policy actions a strong anti-business message is sent to the Silicon Valley's
corporate and related business communities as well as your small retail and
supportive service industries. I appreciate your attention and look forward
to continue to working with you on this. Thank you.

Steve Pierce: Madam Mayor, Members of the Council, I'm Steve Pierce,
Downtown North resident for over three decades. I come to you this
evening to explain as an applicant how this affects us. There's issues here
that you should be aware of. I have a project I've been working on for
several years at 380 Cambridge. It's an office and retail building. It's
currently about 32,000 feet, built in the 1960s, very tired, very ugly. It's in
the parking district, and we have two onsite parking stalls. That's what's
there today. Our proposal is to refurbish these buildings as well as to add
an additional 2,900 square feet and to add ten onsite parking stalls as well
as 12 onsite, secured bike lockers where there are now none. The project is
totally Code compliant; I'm not asking for anything extra or anything out of
the norm. The effects of this building, the additional space that we're adding
will probably, because of the additional parking onsite and because of the
ability to now accommodate bikers, we may have a smaller demand on
parking as well as probably diminishing the traffic somewhat. Like I said,
I've been working on this for several years. Part of that is just because you
need to coordinate with your tenants. The design phase we started early
last year. In August, we went before the City informally with Staff to start
that whole process. In December we submitted for preliminary ARB, which
occurred in the spring. Since then we've been responding to comments. I'll
be submitting the final ARB package to the City tomorrow. As I said, years
in planning working with basically a host of engineers, architects and so
forth. Why the hardship? The hardship is to us and to our tenants in part
because we can't meet the July 1 deadline. You submit today; they get 30
days to decide if its complete or not and it could be another 30 days after
that. That would throw us out of the system under the proposal. The thing
                                                                         Page 38 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
