                         TRANSCRIPT
the same framework that you have. I was pretty comfortable with that.
That was the intent of my original motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Question answered. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I am very sympathetic to the fact that we're trying to
build momentum and get the Comp Plan process underway and working
efficiently. It seems to me this motion fits in not just with community
services but with each of the elements. How do we integrate a narrative
into the process. I'm very comfortable with using this as a model for each
element that we've had what? Three hours we've been discussing and have
had a chance not just to state the goal of ten words, but why we like that
goal, what might be important, what characteristics we're thinking about.
Staff taking that, preparing a memo for the CAC, them looking at both the
goals and maybe the Staff narrative and the programs and policies. A lot of
the narratives come at the program and policy level. When you come back
to us in January, you will have a narrative built up over two three-hour
meetings with the CAC and the Council. That would give us a template to
work from when you do come back. If we could use this as a template for
each element as we talk through it, it seems to me that we can keep the
momentum going. We're not asking for other work, but maybe just more
intensive activity in what we're doing. I would support the motion if the
Staff feels that it is a process that can be done with each of the elements.

Mr. Keene: Can I just say something here? When I read the motion that is
up there and the amendment and then listening to Council Member DuBois,
the Vice Mayor and even the comments from Council Member Burt and
Council Member Scharff in the amendment, I don't see those things as
incongruent as far as a direction to us. You've made some clarifications on
the goals. You've said that you want us to come back with more substantive
discussion even if it is, as Council Member DuBois says, on the existing one
that has a narrative underneath it. Under the PTC, it's not broken out.
Hillary is saying, "We're going to go back to the CAC. We're going to
reconcile." As they drill down on the policies and program area, that has
potential modifications on the narrative and the goal when we come back.
Personally, I think that both perspectives could vote for the motion the way
it is, and we'd have enough directive for the Staff to know what to do. That
being said, before we're all done and we're already over your time, it would
be good to make sure we're getting clear directive as to what you want us to
do in the next Comp Plan meeting that we will come back on either the 26th

                                                                     Page 82 of 107
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/5/15
