                         TRANSCRIPT
Memorandum provides flexibility for each neighborhood to choose the
structure that best fits their needs. I urge the Council to support the item,
to send it to Policy and Services for further consideration. Thanks.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to refer this item to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman:     I want to make one or two quick clarifications.         The
ombudsman...

Council Member Scharff: Council Member Holman, under our rules on the
Motion, I don't mean to be so strict about it. The only thing we're allowed to
discuss is the propriety of referring it, not the substance of the Motion.

Mayor Holman: Can we not recommend things for the Committee to
consider when it is referred? I thought we could.

Council Member Scharff: I don't believe so. It says on this, "only as to
propriety of referring, not substance of referral."

Mayor Holman: City Attorney?

Council Member Scharff: I'm looking at the cheat sheet they provided us all.

Mayor Holman: I know in the past when there have been referrals....

Council Member Scharff: Go ahead. I'm telling you what it says.

Mayor Holman: I know in the past when we've sent things to Policy and
Services or Finance, we've talked about what we want them to think about
or consider when they do take it up. I know we've done that in the past.
Looking to City Attorney here. We're taking more time with this than it
would take me to make my comments.

Council Member Scharff: Go make your comments.

Mayor Holman: Just a little bit of a clarification about the ombudsman. The
ombudsman is not someone, from my perspective and my intention, to be
associated with a neighborhood association or any other organization
representing a neighborhood association. It says "a resource to individual
residents or perhaps business owners." It's an individual resource. The
other is that the Communications person, that Communications Officer is
just the person that the City would communicate with in terms of pushing
information out that would be of interest to a neighborhood organization.
That's hopefully a couple of clarifications to those items.


04/20/2015                                                             117- 345
