                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Berman: Thank you guys for the work and for the really
impressive presentation. One of the things that struck out to me that I was
kind of impressed by was you guys are being flexible. If you get feedback,
you're willing to tack and do more research and get more input before
committing to a plan, which I think is really important. Speaking of which,
of the kind of common denominators that I seemed to notice in some of the
challenges sections was outreach and feedback. You mentioned you didn't
get as much feedback from the Downtown business community as you
wanted. There was one of the projects where you didn't get as much
feedback from the Stanford community as you wanted. Are there things
that looking back didn't work and how are you kind of changing your
strategy to make sure that we—it's hard. You can lead a horse to water, but
you can't make it drink. We can have all the meetings we want, and we can
send out a lot of notices, but sometimes folks just are really busy and don't
really feel like engaging with the City on some of the projects we're working
on. What are you guys doing to try to improve that moving forward?

Mr. Mello: I can talk about the general challenges, and then I'll let Sara talk
about our plan to perform a little bit in the future. Generally, it's hard to get
folks interested in a project that's just a concept. You don't want to go to
the community with something already written down and get the reaction
that "you haven't consulted with us." At the same time, you have to bring
something to the meeting to help people get interested. It's really hard,
especially when you have this number of projects going on to do the kind of
targeted outreach that needs to be done and to get people excited. To be
honest, the projects move fairly slowly.            When you're not in the
transportation sector, it's hard to understand why something moves as
slowly as it does. I think our biggest challenge has just been getting people
excited and getting them to come out on a regular basis and providing
enough information that they can help us make decisions without feeling like
we've already moved too far along without getting their input.

Ms. Syed: Some of the plans that we have to improve outreach include
whenever we have a community meeting in the evening, doing school-based
outreach, often our meetings are at elementary schools or middle schools or
high schools. Just setting up information on our projects during the pick-up
and drop-off hour is relatively easy to do. It will help us reach parents and
the school community who often can't attend an evening meeting. We're
also working to make our plans available. For example, our Churchill plans
from Thursday and the Park Boulevard plans from our earlier meeting, those
are up on the website. That hasn't always been the case. We are asking
people who come out to those meetings, share them with your neighbors,
                                                                          Page 19 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
