                              MINUTES
Palo Alto. The Ordinance had to be read in light of mitigation of the negative
aspects of park closure.

Council Member Scharff read Page 6, letter g, of the Ordinance. He asked
what actions the Council could take within that structure of the Ordinance to
support Buena Vista residents. The Ordinance did not seem to anticipate the
Council preventing closure of the park.

Ms. Aziz remarked that the Ordinance did contemplate a plan. It did
contemplate allowing sufficient relocation assistance so that residents could
move to a comparable mobile home in a comparable mobile home park. The
Ordinance specifically required the park owner to review mobile home parks
within 35 miles. The park owner had to identify realistic options and had to
state the amount of mitigation that would allow residents to move. The park
owner provided an updated appraisal, but provided an estimate of the
mitigation amount. The residents could not appeal the estimate if they were
unable to find comparable housing in a comparable community.

Vice Mayor Schmid referred to the Palo Alto Code regarding measuring the
value the mobile home would have if the park was not being closed. Mr.
Beccaria stated one mobile home sale had been financed in the prior 20
years and only two sales were reported.            Mr. Beccaria also stated
information for sales was difficult to obtain. The report listed 27 listed sales
at Sahara Village and 45 listed sales at Santiago Villa between 2011 and
2013. That seemed to indicate residents of Buena Vista did not want to
move. Longevity was one of the characteristics of the park. Longevity for a
community had value. He asked how Mr. Beccaria assessed the value of
people wanting to remain in the community. He asked Ms. Nanda if, in her
experience, it was extraordinary for longevity to be so high in mobile home
parks.

Ms. Nanda clarified that Mr. Beccaria found only one Multiple Listing Service
(MLS) listing of a home in Buena Vista for the past several years. Buena
Vista was not a traditional mobile home park with landscaped spaces, wide
streets, and uniform houses. Buena Vista did not look like Santiago Villa or
Sahara Village. In her experience, sales in mobile home parks similar to
Buena Vista were accomplished by word of mouth or through a for sale sign
placed in a window of the home. HCD required a mobile home be titled or
registered. The 30 mobile homes in the park would be titled by HCD and
would be found on the personal property tax rolls of Santa Clara County.
The other 68 homes were registered most likely through the California
Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV), because they were a type of vehicle.
Santiago Financial, a private data service, obtained HCD data and separated
it by park, city, and county. Mr. Beccaria stated that information was often

                                                                           Page 9 of 41
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 04/14/15
