                          TRANSCRIPT
toggle back and forth. Lastly I'll just show at the bottom we have lots of
helpful links to each of the JPA agencies' emergency response websites. We
have information on local weather and El Nino and road conditions, the
sandbag map and how to sign up for emergency alerts either through San
Mateo County or Santa Clara County and then some flood tips from FEMA.
We're very excited about this new site and are hopeful that it's going to
provide lots of good, helpful information. I'm just going to do a quick
simulation here on what happens when we get into a flood alert or flood
warning stage. This is what the map would look like if we were at the point
where the flow measured at the upstream stream gauges equaled 60
percent of the capacity at Middlefield and 100 percent of the capacity at
University and Highway 101. For the flood watch areas, the dot turns red
and these polygons are the approximate floodplain that would result if
overtopping occurred at any of these points. This is the floodplain for this
overtopping at 101. This area here is the floodplain for University Avenue,
and this is the floodplain for Pope-Chaucer.          This is showing that at
Middlefield the flow rates only reached between 60 percent and 100 percent
of the flood capacity at Middlefield. This is the Middlefield floodplain. If you
have questions after I finish up, we'll be happy to come back to this. I have
a couple more slides, then I'll be done. We're doing a lot, again, working
cooperatively with our partners on interagency emergency planning and
response coordination. We're continuing implementation of what's called a
multiagency coordination framework or MAC to coordinate our emergency
response actions amongst the members and with the Office of Emergency
Services in both counties. We've established a protocol whereby whenever
any agency opens up their Emergency Operations Center, the other agencies
are notified. We're developing protocols for mutual aid amongst Public
Works Departments. Lastly, we're going through lots of Staff training and
volunteer training. I won't go through all these. This is a list of some of the
activities that are being done on a joint basis to get everyone working on the
same page and working together to ensure a safe winter for us all. At this
point, there's a lot of us that are here if you have questions. Mike Sartor, of
course, is our Public Works Director, and Len Matterman from the JPA is
here. Brad Eggleston, our Assistant Director for Engineering Services, and
Jon Hospitalier, our Assistant Director for Public Services, is here. Ken
Dueker, the Director of the Office of Emergency Services, is here. Any of us
are available to answer any questions that you might have.

Mr. Keene: Both Fire Chief Nickel and Police Chief Burns are also here this
evening, along with Claudia Keith, our Communications Officer.

Mayor Holman: Just really quickly, I think I'd like to ask Len Matterman to
make a couple of comments. The amount of cooperation that's happened
across jurisdictional in trying to get a safe environment as much as we can
                                                                        Page 29 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
