                         TRASNCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess the key thing is when does it come back. Does
it come back at the end or at the beginning of the process? How do you
interpret this?

Ms. Gitelman: At this point, our plan was not to bring back the sections of
the Comprehensive Plan for review until the CAC had finished their work,
with the exception of some of the work products that you'll see as the CAC
completes them. Transportation and land use principally. If this is a set of
paragraphs that the Council would like to see earlier in the process, we can
accommodate that.

Council Member Burt: I would go further. I think that this concept is
Council driven, and it would be tonight adopting it in concept. We'd simply
need to agendize a deeper discussion of how and when and what would be
the structure of it. For instance, I heard really to this inverted pyramid, we
have one proposal that said the top section should be existing conditions,
and an alternative one that was talking the most pressing or top challenges
being the top of the pyramid. We have to have that whole discussion here.
I don't think we should try and solve that tonight, but I do think it should
come back to the Council. It doesn't have to be immediately, because we
don't have to resolve this ahead of every other discussion. We also don't
want to do it late in the process, because we want to begin to have it
integrate with the thought processes for each section as we go through.

Vice Mayor Schmid:     I would go along if there was a timeframe that we
could ...

Council Member Burt: Let's keep it general. We can add to this that Staff—
here's proposed additional language. "Staff will return to the Council for an
agendized item within three to six months to discuss these elements."

Mayor Holman: Is that okay with the maker, Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I was waiting for a reaction from the Planning
Director, if that timeframe is acceptable.

Council Member Burt: I don't see this as big Staff work.      This is really a
deeper Council policy discussion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: What about (inaudible)?

Ms. Gitelman: Currently, we agendized to have one Comp Plan discussion,
in-depth Council discussion of Comp Plan policies or goals, one in
September, on in October, one in November. We don't currently have one


                                                                      Page 103 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
