                         TRANSCRIPT
public official's way of saying the timeline seems to work for now.         Thank
you very much, Madam Mayor.

Council Member Filseth: These are affordable housing funds.        These folks
are residents. It's a no brainer.

Mayor Holman: I want to thank my colleagues for your support for this;
Council Member Wolbach, for putting forth a eloquent statement to begin
and to get us kicked off. I want to make sure the media catches this,
because there's been a lot written online about this. It's been stated before,
but please note that these are affordable housing funds that can be used for
nothing else. They have to be used for affordable housing purposes. To the
question, Council Member Scharff, about timing, we hope the timing of this
is adequate but, as you're aware, we also had the City Clerk poll Council
Members. Just in case we need to meet over our Council break, we are
prepared to do that and have those present accounted for. There is a fair
amount written about how Council Members have not done anything to
support Buena Vista.       Again, for media purposes, especially because
colleagues certainly know this, Buena Vista residents certainly know this, we
have not been able to participate. At this point, I hope to see my colleagues
also out there helping in any way we can. With our support and gratitude to
Supervisor Simitian, Winter Dellenbach, Larry Klein, the residents certainly
and many others to come to a happy conclusion on this. My person goal, my
personal hope, is that this December there will be a posada at Buena Vista
to end all posadas. Council Members, vote on the board please. That does
pass on a unanimous vote, 8-0, with Council Member DuBois absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Council took a break from 7:41 P.M. to 7:52 P.M.

18.   PUBLIC HEARING: to Hear Objections to the Levy of Proposed
      Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement
      District and Adoption of a Resolution 9534 Entitled, “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Report of the Advisory
      Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2016 on the Downtown
      Palo Alto Business Improvement District” and Approve a Fiscal Year
      2016 Budget Amendment Ordinance 5335 Entitled, “Budget
      Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the
      Business Improvement District Fund.”

Thomas Fehrenbach, Economic Development Manager: My name is Tom
Fehrenbach; I’m the Economic Development Manager. Given your agenda
tonight, I'll be brief. I did want to introduce Mr. Russ Cohen who is the
Executive Director of the Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional
                                                                         Page 25 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
