                          TRANSCRIPT
developers with a menu of options that define public benefits. Wouldn't it be
better to unleash their creativity," or "In the interest of creativity, I think
developers should be able to offer a cash payment in exchange for zoning
exceptions, and then the City Council can decide how to spend the cash for
the benefit of the public." This shows detachment from what the people in
this City want. Why is it that the PTC continues to flout public opinion and
waste Staff time by pressing every more forcefully with positions that we
allow developers to bust through the height limit, have no definition of what
a public benefit is?     Why do they advocate for absolute freedom for
developers? Do they think PC Zoning should not have to be in conformance
with the Comprehensive Plan? That's what they were proposing. After the
public has clearly said, "We need limits, constraints and definitions for what
a public benefit is and what it's lasting value will be to the community, why
does the PTC continue to stick to its guns? Why do you put up with this?
Thank you.

Roger Smith: Roger Smith, 270 Tennyson. First of all, thank you all for
serving on the Council. I'm here to talk about a potential new private-public
partnership. Years ago, we formed a group called Friends of the Palo Alto
Parks. We worked hard on Heritage Park and redid Lytton Plaza. If you
haven't all been to Magical Bridge, it's just a great place. Thank you all for
working for that. I'm here tonight to say we ought to form a public-private
partnership to solve the gas leaf blower problem. I think it's a very solvable
one with a community like Palo Alto. One of the things we have to do is get
the property owner to say, "You shouldn't have a gas blower." I think we
could do that. I would be happy to be part of that kind of project. I don't
think the police will ever have enough time to do it on their own. I would
appreciate you all thinking about that. Thank you.

Bob Smith: Good evening, Mayor and Council. My name is Robert Smith,
and I live in Greer Road. I'm in the Edgewood Plaza neighborhood, been
there for over 30 years. We did the great majority of our shopping over the
years at the store there, over 80 percent to Lucky's and Albertson's and over
50 percent at the Fresh Market. I loved the Fresh Market. I think it was a
gorgeous, beautiful store. I would love to see another store into that center.
Unhappily, I'm not convinced that such a thing will succeed. My doubts
come from having watched the changes in patterns of shopping over the
years, all the variety of alternatives that are available and, frankly, just
looking at that store and how I saw it doing. I was often in the store when
there were more employees than customers there and heard many people
say, "No, they didn't shop there very much." I understand also that the
developer has been looking for quite a time and has contacted quite a few
potential grocers to come into the area. Now, we don't know how many he
really contacted, what terms he offered. We also don't know how well the
                                                                         Page 10 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
