                           TRANSCRIPT
better information. If we get clarification that this is justified and we support it,
then by all means we can support it, but we don't have that information now.

Mayor Holman: City Manager.

Mr. Keene: I think that that would be good. Again, I just want to be sure that
the various assumptions that we're using, I mean that we get a chance to
validate those too. Just a little bit of extra time. I don't see what's gained by
just being a little step-by-step here.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you accept the amendment?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, the answer is yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: This is replacing what? I would just point out that
when you read Measure A as is, I don't think it's advocating support for Caltrain
at all. It's just clarifying that we want 15 percent separate from anything that
Caltrain says. When I read "A," I don't read that as Palo Alto supporting
Caltrain.

Council Member Burt: It says "in addition to."

Council Member DuBois: In addition, I guess, but that's not strong support, I
would say. I have no problem with your change either.

Mayor Holman: The amendment is accepted by both maker and seconder of
the motion. Thank you, Council Member Burt.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A, “separate from and
in addition to the funding already requested by Caltrain for other Caltrain
improvements” with “and engage with Caltrain to determine what specific needs
they have for the prospective County tax measure and return to Council with
this information to make further determination of this tax measure.”

Mayor Holman: Do you have anything else, Council Member Burt? Council
Member Berman. Council Member Berman, are you good?

Council Member Berman: Yes, ma'am.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member DuBois, I see your light's on again.
Nothing? Okay. The motion as it stands on the floor right now is that
Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois, to
direct Staff to advocate for and support putting in the Countywide funding
                                                                              Page 68 of 70
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/13/15
