                          TRANSCRIPT
there are categories like overnight care of the elderly, where people are not
necessarily working 12 hours that I heard brought up before, to consider an
exemption to this. We're saying tipped workers here. I'm worried that's a
little too narrow.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, you have already spoken to the
amendment. Do you care to ...

Council Member Scharff: I actually haven't spoken to the amendment.

Mayor Holman: You did in rejecting it. That was your shot unless you need
another one.

Council Member Scharff: I didn't realize that was a shot, that I could speak
at that point. I actually just wanted to briefly respond to Council Member
DuBois. I agree that this is much narrower, but it doesn't take away that we
will also have those other discussions later on when we talk about going to
15 by 2018. What this does is we have a substantial segment of the
community, most restaurants frankly, a lot of them out there, who have
asked us to look at this now. We're going to pass the ordinance is what this
suggests, and then look at this issue now and decide whether or not we
need to do any changes or amendments to a specific group. It's the only
group out here that's complaining about it. I haven't seen anyone else come
out and complain about the minimum wage increase. That's why I think this
group should be singled out and should be able to come forward on this
issue.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, you authored the amendment.
Do you really need to speak again? We have a full agenda.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, just to respond to what was just said. We
have heard from other members of the public about a number of the
complexities related to this. Those have been mentioned in detail by Council
Member Berman as well as Council Member DuBois. We've already had that
discussion. Our existing direction is quite clear. Policy and Services has a
lot on its plate. I don't think that this particular issue needs to be escalated
among all the others that are very important and that do need to happen,
but are already on the agenda coming up.

Mayor Holman: With that, vote on the amendment please.

Council Member Kniss: I've got the wrong—now it's correct. The problem is
I'm voting with Burt's light, just so that's clear.

Mayor Holman: It's okay.
                                                                        Page 60 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
