                         TRANSCRIPT
can't get healthcare. They can't get a place to live. Is it mean-spirited of
me to say that it's a bit hypocritical to think of charging $4,000 for some
organization that wants to house homeless women? This town should have
a place for homeless women to stay for some very small amount of money.
They do work. This town also should set up co-ops so that a large number
of people could live in the same place for the same cost as other people
except that it's not permitted. I think the responsibility for people's
compensation rests partly with you.

Mayor Holman: Returning to Council and to Council Member Burt who was
Chair of Policy and Services has a couple more comments.

Council Member Burt: Actually questions. Two were legal questions for
Staff that we briefly discussed at the Policy and Services Committee. I
want to see if the City Attorney's Office could provide any additional
guidance. One is under State law there is a prohibition, as we understand
it, from making a distinction for tipped employees. Does that apply to local
cities who would adopt minimum wages exceeding the State amount?

Ms. Silver: Thank you, Council Member Burt. I think you're referring to
Labor Code 351 which prohibits employers from crediting tips against
wages earned by the employee. That does very clearly apply to the State
minimum wage. However, it's less clear as to whether it applies to local
minimum wage requirements. The City of Los Angeles recently considered
this issue in connection with the minimum wage that they were adopting.
They were considering an option that did include a total compensation
package that distinguished between tipped employees and non-tipped
employees. There were several labor groups that opposed that and did
argue that that was not permitted under this State law provision. Also the
Restaurant Association did submit some legal opinions that that type of
two-tier system was permitted under this Labor Code section. The Los
Angeles City Council ultimately did not go with that two-tiered system. We
don't yet have a legal opinion on that, a published legal decision, and so we
do believe it is still a questionable issue. Thank you.

Council Member Burt: The second question is can you comment or provide
us a little more guidance on the ability of local jurisdictions like us to
impose the limitations on minimum wage increases on other government
agencies and schools. Where do those boundaries apply?

Ms. Silver: Yes, that's a issue that we refer to as a preemption or
sovereign immunity issue. The model Ordinance that is in front of you does
include a exemption on imposing wages on Federal employees, State
employees and other governmental employees. We do believe that that is

                                                                         Page 28 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
