                         TRANSCRIPT
pending revisions to the zoning map in that area. We can't use a pending
action to evaluate an application. It would only be if the pending application
were acted upon before the application processing had been complete. I
hope I made myself clear.

Mayor Holman: You did. If there's an application that is being processed
and the overlay takes effect while that application is being processed, then
that would apply to any pending application for a two-story home. I want to
be clear on that. Because there's no vested right yet.

Ms. Gitelman: There would be no vesting until the application was actually
approved and acted upon. Any rezoning would apply to an application that's
in process. That's my understanding.

Mayor Holman: Is it appropriate for Staff to suggest to anyone in that
circumstance to consider that they could build a single-story home to greater
lot coverage than otherwise allowed? I think Council Member Burt was still
on the Commission when we did that at Planning Commission. Can Staff feel
comfortable encouraging applicants to say this is an avenue you might want
to pursue? We aren't changing that part of the Code, because that'll happen
when the overlay gets put in place. Does that make sense?

Ms. Gitelman: You're making a good observation. The Code in its current
iteration offers an incentive around lot coverage for single-story homes in
addition to the incentive that single-story homes are not subject to
discretionary review. They're ministerial and aren't subject to the appeal
procedure. They're already incentives built in for single-story homes. Your
observation that maybe applications that walk in the door where there's a
pending zoning action to apply the single-story overlay may think twice
about going in that direction is a good observation.

Mayor Holman: The IR guidelines do talk about compatibility, and they are
guidelines. I know it's on your radar to make some changes to the IR
guidelines. Is there anything that we can do in the interim to promote
compatibility to a greater extent than we seem to have been doing in the
last while?     Even with the single-story overlay, it doesn't dictate
compatibility.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: It could be, but I'm talking about in the interim. We have
Individual Review guidelines right now. I appreciate the question, Council
Member Burt. Is there something we can do now with our existing IR
guidelines, when reviewing new proposals, to promote and better adhere to

                                                                         Page 51 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
