                          TRANSCRIPT
happening in the region and in Palo Alto is a result of new non-residential
development. We also know that there's job growth associated with existing
building space that's being filled up or that was filled up after the recession.
Of course, jobs contribute to impacts. New non-residential development in
neighborhoods that we're talking about in this Ordinance, while it's
consistent with Palo Alto's zoning controls, is happening maybe faster than
we anticipated. This annual limit that we're discussing this evening is
intended to address that pace of development. As the Council's aware, the
City currently has a growth management strategy which consists of a
cumulative cap on non-residential development in monitored areas of the
City. This is the cap established by Comprehensive Plan Policy L-8. When
we had our Comp Plan discussions in the community last summer, we heard
the idea come from the public about what if we controlled the pace of growth
rather than the total amount over time. That's, again, the idea that we're
talking about this evening. On March 23rd and on August 26th—I'm sorry—
March 23rd and June 15th, the City Council gave us pretty specific direction
on the Ordinance that they'd like to see establishing an interim office limit.
The Planning Commission reviewed that recommended Ordinance on
August 26th and recommended it to the City Council after quite a bit of
discussion. In addition to collecting data reference to Policy L-8 in the
Comprehensive Plan about all non-residential development in these
monitored areas of the City, we have a data set we refer to as the CMP or
the Congestion Management Plan data that offers a slightly better look at
cumulative changes in non-residential development over time. What you
see on this chart, and it's also in the Staff Report, is a snapshot of the
changes from 2001 to the present in these different categories of land use;
retail, office/R&D, other non-residential and then a total. This is net change
over time, so it really doesn't tell the whole story. The story that we're
interested in this evening is really about the pace as well as the net change.
This graph shows that over the last 15 years there have been six different
years in which the total of office/R&D development using this data exceeded
the 50,000 limit that we're talking about here this evening, and it
demonstrates what the effectiveness of the proposed Ordinance would be.
We're going to talk about four provisions this evening. One of the Council
Members is conflicted from the first discussion. My apologies, but we're
going to truncate this a little. I'd like to just say we're going to be talking
about boundaries of the affected areas, then we're going to talk about land
uses subject to the annual limit and exemptions, then we're going to talk
about the process and criteria, and then finally the applicability to pipeline
projects. We'd like to segment this and talk first about boundaries before I
continue with the rest of the presentation and discussion.

Mayor Holman: City Attorney, would you please speak to the conflicts issue
that we have before us this evening.
                                                                         Page 80 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
