                          TRANSCRIPT
protected bike lanes. I would be open to at least considering that. I
wouldn't rule that out preemptively. I'd like to look at the options before
knowing they're dismissed. As was mentioned before by some members of
the public, Stanford has done a very good job with TDM. Workers in
Downtown Palo Alto, at least for some of our larger employers in Downtown
Palo Alto, do a pretty good job of not driving. Stanford Research Park, not
so great. The emphasis for all of us needs to be on SOV, reducing single-
occupancy vehicle trips. The question shouldn't be how do we fit more cars.
The question is how do we get more people to work. When this comes back
on August 17 or whenever we have a chance to talk about this, I'd like to
think about this project in context with other possibilities. If we're talking
about $100 million, that would be a big chunk toward grade separating
Caltrain, which would have a much more significant long-term impact for
Palo Alto. This is primarily going to benefit people who don't live in Palo Alto
but who commute here. If I was somebody living far away from Palo Alto
and coming to Palo Alto every day for would, would I be really excited that
Page Mill got expanded by a couple of lanes, that weren't dedicated for HOV?
Maybe. Maybe not because I'd be still stuck in traffic on 85. I'd still be
stuck in traffic on 280. I'd probably be much more excited if my employer
told me, "Because of help from the County, we're now able to buy you a
Caltrain pass. We've got a shuttle that runs from Caltrain to our office in
Stanford Research Park. Or we're going to give you a bonus if you carpool."
Those things would be much more enticing to me if I were commuting to
Palo Alto. I would encourage us all to look for those solutions, rather than
expanding the lanes. Among the comments that were mentioned, I do
appreciate the comments and concerns about bike safety and convenience.
I hope you'll take those under serious consideration.

Council Member Burt: I want to express appreciation for the County staff for
treating this as a collaboration with the City. For my colleagues who didn't
have this presentation last year or weren't present at it, hearing that the
consideration of adding lanes between Foothill and El Camino has been
pulled back is a good concept. The entire expression of the approach that
the County staff is taking makes me feel that this is something that they're
collaborating with us on. Thank you. We look forward to doing that going
forward. I want to acknowledge the validity of your comment that the
County isn't responsible for cities' land use decisions, whether it's Palo Alto
or other cities. We own those. Over the last year since you last visited us,
we've moved further in the direction of seeing our future transportation in
the City centered around Transportation Demand Management.               We've
begun a Transportation Management Authority, but we're also looking at a
comprehensive set of measures. Stanford Research Park was excluded at
this time from our office development cap under an understanding that they
are going to be expanding the Transportation Demand Management within
                                                                          Page 18 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
