                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Could I propose if we remove "large scale" and
just said "suggest approaches Council can use to specify that certain
commercial operations develop, manufacturing, etc., is not suitable for
Downtown." "Certain types."

Council Member Kniss: If it's that loosey-goosey, then I can probably go
with it. I want to make sure that we don't keep companies that are anxious
to get started here ...

Council Member DuBois: I agree. It specifically calls out ...

Council Member Kniss: ... and then they grow and we say, "You're out."

Council Member DuBois: In Downtown and the CD districts, it specifically
calls out prototyping, kind of captures the start-up. What happens when
you're no longer prototyping? It's not clear.

Council Member Kniss: If we're clear on that. Now that we don't keep
Minutes anymore, we're never going to know what we really meant by it.
Right ?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, “large scale” with
“certain types.”

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Holman, Staff does have a question about "B" as well,
when it's appropriate.

Mayor Holman: Actually, I have a question for the maker of the motion.
Can we have "evaluate modern job definitions for our commercial zoning
districts, suggest approaches Council can use to specify what types of
commercial operations, development, manufacturing are suitable for
Downtown and California Avenue." I think it's clearer and it's more positive.

Council Member Kniss: That's better.

Council Member DuBois: That's fine. I think Staff gets the intent rather
than wordsmith it to death. I think that's a good change.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, “certain” with
“what.”

Mayor Holman: Specify what types. I'm trying to get this where it can be
supported by everybody and still get your intention across, Council Member
DuBois. Specify what types of commercial operations, development are
                                                                      Page 76 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
