                         TRANSCRIPT
to my colleagues, so I want to make sure that we're all thinking. I don't
think it's a correct assumption that it's purely the revenue from property tax.
It's the new development that's the problem. It's the existing development
not being reappraised at the same rate that residential is. Then I want to
talk about this issue of conflicts in the Comprehensive Plan between different
sections and the wording that's there.          Having some frameworks for
discussion are helpful. Maybe there's a way to even put them within the
Comp Plan. Overall we need to look at the wording of these different Visions
and Goals and reconcile the wording. That's what the task is before us.
Whether it be in the example of the Business section versus the Land Use
section and some degree of a contradiction, because the emphasis in Land
Use is a balance between residents and business interests with an assurance
that we wouldn't be degrading the residential component and the business
component doesn't have that. We can fix that with words. We need to look
at those words and tackle those issues. I also wanted to make sure that
there's an understanding, Council Member Filseth said, for instance, in the
existing Comp Plan that we should have a certain amount of parks according
to the Comp Plan. That's not what the Comp Plan intended when it
established goals. I know this because I had this argument 17 years ago
when that Comp Plan was being adopted on what it should mean. It was
explained in detail at the time that these are goals and not mandates. If we
want to establish something as a mandate, then we need to have that
clarity. We also should have clarity on what we mean by a Goal. I do think
it's overly ambiguous that different people understand the intention of a
Goal differently. We don't do a very good job of explaining what we actually
mean. That alone, a definition of what's a Goal, what's the consequence of a
Goal, is something that's missing from our Comp Plan and leads to
confusion. It's happened a number of times at recent Council meetings
about jobs-housing. This document talks about a jobs-housing ratio. Is
jobs-housing normally spoken of in terms of number of jobs versus number
of housing units?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Council Member Burt. There are
two ways to look at it. One way is to look simply at housing and jobs. A
more refined way that I'm used to seeing it is a comparison between jobs
and employed residents.

Council Member Burt: That's my understanding, the way that I've always
seen it used. We have to be careful with nomenclature. If we take from one
area an intention that is meaning something, and then we turn it into
something else and compare the two, that's not a proper comparison. Once
again, clarity in our words and in our definitions is critical. Otherwise, we
can move things all different directions. I'll leave it there for right now.
Sorry. I'm going to check a couple more notes. At a broader level, tonight
                                                                          Page 30 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
