                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to add to the Motion Part C,” give preference to projects that have a
jobs/housing ratio of 2.3:1 or less” after “at that point.”

Council Member Kniss: That's more complicated than I want to get on this
one. Maybe we can take it up in another one. If there's a second to that,
then we'll go on with it.

Mayor Holman: The original motion was made by Council Member Kniss.
She did not accept that. Do we have a second to this motion? Seeing none
at this time, we return to the main motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Burt: We do yet need to address criteria. Staff had made
recommendations on page 13. It is cleaner for us to deal with process first,
then criteria, even though one of Staff's bullet points listed process and
criteria together. Second, briefly so we can bear this in mind when we get
to that. It's appropriate for us to say within the different criteria which
might have the heaviest weighting. I'm not sure that we should get into
trying to define exact ratio tonight on where we trigger it. It would be
perhaps a combination of values. We might see something at 2.2:1 that has
full traffic and parking mitigation, and something at 2.3 that has crappy
traffic and parking mitigation. I want to put that out there, so that we don't
spend unnecessary time when we get to criteria.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we should vote. We are going to vote on
establishing a procedure by which applications are accepted and processed
as they currently are, except no applications received after July 1 or the
effective date of the ordinance would be approved until after March 31 of the
following year.     At that point, if the square footage proposed by all
applications combined would exceed the annual limit, completed applications
that have been recommended for approval by an appropriate advisory body
would be ranked based on scoring criteria and provided to the City Council
for evaluation and action. If the square footage proposed by all applications
combined would not exceed the annual limit, the completed applications that
have been recommended for approval would be acted upon using the usual
process. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 7-1 vote with Vice
Mayor Schmid voting no, Council Member DuBois not participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Schmid no, DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: We now go to the criteria for administering a competitive
annual limit.

                                                                       Page 77 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
