                          TRANSCRIPT
good argument for why they should have it, but the City Manager's approach
is reasonable, which is let's drill down as to whether we need to add what is
an expensive benefited position which will have long-term costs in the
future. One of the things we do need to move towards is a more sustainable
organization. Right now we're in a boom time. Our costs are going up a lot,
but those costs will continue to go up the way they're embedded in the
system in the downturns. It's how do we come to something that we don't
have what we had in 2009 which was painful for the organization. It was
painful for the employees.         It was painful for us, when you have a
substantial drop in revenues like that, and you have to look at cutting
substantial amounts out of the budget. I forget how much we cut, but it was
like 13, 14 million. I don't know if you remember, Lalo.

Mr. Perez: Thirteen from the fixed part.

Council Member Scharff: For people that weren't there, our City Manager
and Lalo did community workshops explaining where we were, what we
needed to cut. A whole bunch of different things were put on the table. You
would hope you wouldn't have to go through that much. The other thing, I
do want to have that discussion with the single-story overlay. Do you need
to walk out of the room or are we going to handle that separately?

Mayor Holman: We'll handle it separately, and we can handle it whenever.

Council Member Scharff: I don't know if other people want to talk, but I'd
like to handle that soon. I'd like to give the Finance perspective of what we
did and what we were thinking and all of that. If that's all right with you. I
don't mind if I do it now or if I do it later, but I want to figure out how to do
that.

Mayor Holman: Why don't you make any other questions or comments that
you have.

Council Member Scharff: That's my last comment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, Vice Mayor Schmid, there is
interest in taking this topic up currently. You need to make your statement.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be recusing myself from the discussion of the
single-story overlay because I live in the Royal Manor area within the Palo
Verde neighborhood, which is an area that's considering it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I live in the Palo Verde neighborhood as well.



                                                                          Page 45 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
