                          TRANSCRIPT

toward resolving issues and is closer to consensus and that will withstand
the test of time over 15 years. Otherwise, it's really going to be harmful to
the community if we just have something that a new group comes in a
majority on the Council and they want to redo the Comp Plan suddenly.
That doesn't work. That's not what we had in the past Plan. That doesn't
mean it's a perfect Plan. You still have some things that have tension. I've
worked over a long period of time on diverse stakeholder groups that started
with greater diversity of perspective than what we have in this community
right now and what we have on this Committee. You work through it. It's
surprising the degree to which opinions can move toward a consensus and
then bridge that difference through a compromise even if they don't see
things identically. That's what we really did with the '98 Comp Plan as well.
It wasn't all Kumbaya. We may have more tension today on some of these
topics than we did then, but I think this is the goal. How do you do that?
Right now we have it set up as a design that each section of the Plan would
have one meeting that is essentially a brainstorming meeting and then a
second meeting that is a decision on recommendations. I don't understand
where in that process you have these other essential elements which are the
people who are addressing those issues have a deep dive and obtain a
deeper knowledge on the subjects then discourse. That discourse means
they're listening to each other, they're debating amongst each other. Then
moving toward a consensus. Those are struggling process steps. I think
that has to be part of the process. I also don't think that you can do that
effectively with a group of 20 people, what's more 25 people. What all this
leads toward is that I think that to be effective the group will need to have
subcommittees, like our last Comp Plan used very effectively in
subcommittees, to work through these various sections and have different
people volunteer to essentially specialize and spend more time on a given
section.    They can have additional meetings in between the monthly
meetings of the full Committee. They'd be reducing the amount of work that
would be done as a full Committee. I've gone into this in a bit more detail,
because I think it's crucial to the success of the Plan to get the process right.
I'm glad that, I think, Staff heard from several people that what we were
trying out on the first section of Community Services was being viewed as a
trial to look and see what adjustments need to be made. I think these are
really important adjustments that need to be made to move down this path.
Finally, we frankly gave direction and the Staff placed in their criteria to
have diversity including an important element that was stated was
neighborhood diversity. We didn't really quite achieve that well enough. In
particular, we didn't achieve it with having south Palo Alto neighborhoods
represented well enough. I think that's a very important adjustment. We

                                                                        Page 118 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
