                          TRANSCRIPT
as I understand, to empower the Mayor to send two letters having to do with
the climate conference in Paris and the Mayor's initiative on September 15th.
I think housing and building housing close to transit is one of the best ways
that you can further the goals that you all unanimously set in terms of
sustainability. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Asher Kohn to be followed by Elaine Uang

Asher Kohn: Thank you. Good evening, everybody. I just want to say my
name is Asher Kohn. I'm a journalist. Me, I'm from Chicago; my wife's from
Chicago. We just moved here from Turkey. We're already looking to find a
way to move back to Turkey because we just can't afford to live around
here, we found out. She's a student at Stanford. We just kind of realized if
we want to start a family, we can't afford to stay here. None of our friends
or colleagues, any of the humanities really can't either. We're all looking for
a way to leave. We do scrimp and save. We don't have a car; we bike
everywhere. I can give you tons of lentil recipes if any of you guys want
any. Yeah, we still know that we're just going to be renting for an incredibly
long time if we're going to be here. It just doesn't make sense; and it's
frustrating. We all want to be part of the community. We want to be able to
be a part of things, be a part of what this great City seems to have, but we
just can't do it. We don't see a future where we can unless we have more
housing. I just really hope that you can find a way to get more housing
especially, as mentioned, near the Caltrain stops. It makes it really easy for
folks like us. We live around Cal. Avenue. Yeah, we'd just love to stick
around. Love to get to meet everyone and have a chance for you all to meet
us before we have to head out. That's it. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Elaine Uang to be followed by Phyllis Cassel.
Again a reminder for people. If they could come down to the front when you
hear your name called, it's helpful. Thank you.

Elaine Uang: Good evening. I am a CAC member, and I am very glad that
you are taking up this discussion tonight. It is an enormous responsibility,
the land use vision for the next 15 years. I'm speaking to you obviously as
an individual. In addition to a lot of the great things that we've heard
tonight, which I'm very impressed by, I wanted to just ask you to consider
this. The Land Use Element we often think of as governing the physical
environment and the physical character of our City. I think that ultimately
it's going to guide the social character of our community. To this end, I'm
going to ask for more housing. I just want to underscore this. I think no
matter what land use vision you create, as a CAC member, I welcome that
input and will definitely honor that. I'm pretty certain that no matter what
vision we create, we can continue to create a great physical environment.

                                                                        Page 38 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
