                             MINUTES
a different scope.    The Council was exceeding the provisions of the
Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff requested an explanation of how the Council was
exceeding the Ordinance.

Ms. Nanda indicated the Council was changing the terms of the Ordinance
and the terms of the appraisal. Furthermore, the Council was providing a
procedure, which was not contained in the Ordinance, for residents to
individually contest to the amount of those appraisals. The Motion stated
the Hearing Officer made the determination. That was not included in the
Ordinance. If the park owner had not amended the RIR, updated appraisals
would not be an issue, because the Ordinance did not provide for updated
appraisals. The Hearing Officer stated in his decision that he did not have
further jurisdiction.

Council Member Burt requested the City Attorney comment.

Ms. Stump reported there was some discussion amongst the parties before
the Hearing Officer regarding the possibility of him retaining some limited
jurisdiction to resolve any specific issues that might remain later in the
process.    From reading the record, she understood both parties were
amenable to the Hearing Officer retaining some type of limited jurisdiction.
She believed the park owner and his attorney requested the Hearing Officer
retain jurisdiction for six months. In his decision, the Hearing Officer
indicated he did not have that authority under the Ordinance.             She
suggested the Hearing Officer believed the Council could craft a limited
delegation of jurisdiction. That was proposed to respond to the concern that
supplemental updates to the market survey and the appraisals had no
further process or check. It was intended to be a limited delegation with
bounded authority on that particular issue. If the parties felt the procedure
was not consistent with State law, the Council should consider providing an
opportunity for the parties to put their legal arguments in writing. The
Motion was silent as to the Council's view of when the park owner's closure
application would be accepted. She believed, based upon her initial reading
of State law, that the Council could have discretion to make that final
approval decision on May 4 or at some point later in the limited return of
jurisdiction to the Hearing Officer. If Ms. Nanda did not believe that was
consistent with State law, she would like to understand specifically the basis
for Ms. Nanda's belief so that the Council could be fully apprised before
making a final decision.




                                                                        Page 32 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
