                          TRANSCRIPT
suggests to modify the recommendation. The reason for that is that we
realized that our title was not as complete as it really needed to be. What
we're recommending is a different wording of the motion. I'm just going to
read it. We'll get back to it, but to avoid confusion let me just start with
that. Staff is recommending that Council consider and provide direction
regarding the proposed ordinance—this is our Plastic Foam Ordinance
revision—amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter 5.30, Plastic Foam and
Non-Recyclable Food Service Containers and Packing Items, Attachment A;
and direct Staff to return to Council on the Consent Calendar as soon as
practical for adoption of the ordinance. In other words, we need to go back
out with a new title that more completely describes the ordinance. We're
not suggesting that you actually adopt the ordinance tonight, but rather get
your questions out and give us direction, if you agree with it, to bring it back
to you for its first reading on the Consent Calendar, as soon as we can, the
actual adoption ordinance. Of course, there would be another trip back to
you for the second reading of the ordinance. That's our recommendation.
I'm going to turn it over to Julie Weiss of our Staff to give you the details of
what we're proposing.

Julie Weiss: Thank you. Good evening. Again, my name is Julie Weiss; I
work in our Public Works Watershed Protection Group. Tonight we are here
to discuss with you our proposal to expand our current Plastic Foam
Ordinance. We currently have an ordinance that pertains to restaurants and
other food service establishments and prohibits them from using plastic
foam take-out food ware. We are proposing that we expand that to include
the retail sale of foam food ware and also certain packaging products.
Plastic foam can be made from a number of different types of plastic, not
just polystyrene. You usually see it in these forms that you've seen all
around town, ice chests, foam food cups, egg cartons, certain types of
packing boxes and materials. We care about this because, although you
hear about a lot of our projects and our programs, really at the end of the
day we just have one goal and that's to keep pollution out of our creeks and
Bay. It's going to be really hard for us to achieve a number of our goals if
we don't address plastic foam that we're seeing in our creeks. We are
guided by several permits and also previous direction from Council. Our
storm water permit tells us that we need to reduce litter in our creeks to no
adverse impact by 2022; that's really just around the corner. We have
previous direction to meet our goals of zero waste by 2021. Plastic is going
to be a problem for us to achieve both of those goals if we don't do
something about it. Currently, we know that plastic represents about 60
percent of the litter that we see in our creeks. When we look at litter on our
streets, plastic foam itself represents about 6 percent of what we find. We
also see it in our creeks. What you're seeing here on the screen are two
hotspots where we do our creek cleanups annually. This spring we counted
                                                                            Page 52 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
