                         TRANSCRIPT
letter from Dr. David Stonestrum that's on the public record about this issue,
in sort of questioning in a very common sense sort of way if we have to
dewater to this magnitude, is this something we really want to do to leave
people open to the flooding and molds, perhaps. Good luck to the Council as
they ask for additional information and put the onus on some of these
developers to more adequately characterize what they're going to do and
warn neighbors of how they can plan for that. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. There's a question for the speaker.
Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.       I wonder if the speaker could provide some
citations for the Council.

Ms. Rogers: Citations, you mean ...

Vice Mayor Schmid:     You can send them in to the Clerk, but citations to
research.

Ms. Rogers: Certainly. What I was using for my calculations was the Darcy
equation, a pretty standard calculation for draw-downs. Is that what you
mean for something like—sure, I can certainly do that.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.     Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Keith
Bennett.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Last
week when you discussed the wireless to the home, I didn't say anything
because I'm a technological nincompoop.          I really have nothing to
contribute, I thought. When you started talking about public benefit, I do
have something to say. There is nothing more important as a public benefit
than better communication. Only two weeks ago, I missed out on tabling at
a health fair because I didn't know about it. When I did know about it and
called in, I had to send my credentials in by email, but my email was not
working. I went down to the Mitchell Park, but Mitchell Park Library was
closed down. At any rate, better communication is always better. You can
always assume that the private company is in it to make money. Why
shouldn't they? That's their business. It is not the business of the Council
to allow the company to make money at the expense of less communication
amongst the citizens. It would be better for the City to bear the cost,
prudently of course, and then share it out amongst all the citizens so as to
get better government from better advice. I have a couple more things to
communicate. Number one, about the veterans. Why can't the 659 mayors
demand of the Federal government that they house those veterans? House
them well or even house them badly. Offer them some kind of housing. The
                                                                       Page 23 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
