                          TRANSCRIPT
improvement to have long lines of traffic in this corridor, to have long waits
to get through impacted intersections, to have difficulty making left-hand
turns onto or off of Arastradero Road, to have more cut-through traffic in the
neighborhood north of Arastradero? There is more cut-through traffic going
by my house on Georgia Avenue. How is it an improvement to reduce
capacity on Arastradero and yet expect an increase in traffic volumes of up
to 55 percent? It doesn't make sense to me; maybe it'll make sense to you.
I have trouble dealing with that. Merged lanes going from two to one
everywhere on this corridor create huge backups and create a decrease in
capacity on this corridor. That's as you come off the El Camino intersection
westbound on Arastradero by Able. It happens on the east side of Alma
after the railroad tracks as you get onto Charleston. These reduce capacity
at a time when you expect and the Staff Report says highway increased
traffic volumes. Are those improvements?

Mayor Holman: Thank you all to all the speakers who came this evening.
Council Members, the public has set a very good example on being very
concise, so let's try to follow that example. If you could put lights on if you
have questions at this time, that would be great. We'll do a two-minute
lightning round of questions. If we could, let's try that. Council Member
Burt to be followed by DuBois and Kniss.

Council Member Burt: I was going to make a motion, so I'll wait until
colleagues have had their opportunity to ask questions, unless we're ready
for a motion. I'm seeing some nodding heads.

Council Member Kniss: I'd be delighted to hear your motion (inaudible).

Council Member Scharff: Me too.

Mayor Holman: If we're ready for a motion, so go right ahead.

Council Member Burt: I would like to move the Staff recommendation that
the Council approve the proposed Concept Plan Line for the Charleston-
Arastradero Corridor, which will lead to a final design and implementation of
landscape medians, bulb-outs and other pedestrian and bicycle
improvements consistent with the existing striping which was approved for
permanent retention in 2008 and 2012.

Council Member Kniss: I would second that.



                                                                        Page 93 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
