                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: The selection of individuals we would be, yes. This is
what I was asking about the work around. If you're meaning that "form"
means that Council Members would still be allowed to—this is my wording—
campaign to the City Manager on who ought to be selected, I go back to my
original point that that might work great for the people that I want to have
selected. It's highly politicized as...

Mayor Holman: It's 10:38, and I’m not going to argue over one word that
doesn't make any difference.

Council Member Burt: It is substantial in the difference. If you mean that
the City Manager would be selecting based upon recommendations from the
Council, that's different from the City Manager would be selecting based on
his own best judgment and Staff's. That is a difference. Let's be clear on
which it is, and then we can agree or disagree. Let's not use a word that
has ambiguity.

Mayor Holman: Let's look at "Direct City Manager and Staff to form a
working group of diverse stakeholders created from an application process."
That's too formal.

Council Member Burt: I want to eliminate the ambiguity of "form." I'm
concerned that putting this in here is intended to mean something different
from "selecting." Selecting is clearer.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “to form a” to “to select a.”
Council Member Burt: Okay.

Mayor Holman: "From applications received ..."

Council Member Burt: "From an open application process."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add “created from an open application process”
between “stakeholders” and “to work.”


Mayor Holman: Now, are we there? I still have two more lights, folks.

CALL THE QUESTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to call the question.
Council Member Burt: This is on whether to call the motion. We first vote
on whether we're going to vote.
                                                                       Page 55 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Trasncript: 04/27/2015
