                          TRANSCRIPT
least on the EIR for these two projects. That doesn't count our time. If we
started counting our time into this, we'd be talking numbers well up into the
600,000s. That's our commitment. These projects that we've put forward,
when we put them forward, we did it with the idea of following what the
public had been telling the Council up to that point in time. What they had
been saying was, "Let's make these developers develop according to zone."
These projects are entirely according to existing zone. The real point that I
want to get to is that it's simply unfair to say to some developers who have
made no more commitment than we have on a financial basis—after all,
that's the commitment that developers make—yes, you can go forward and
to say to us 2 1/2 months later, in other words you've backdated your—
June 15 is when we first knew that there was inkling that we couldn't go
forward. We were approved almost—not approved but application complete
some 2 1/2 months before. That's making a distinction between us and
other developers without a difference. It's arbitrary. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Next speaker is Steve Pierce. I don't see him.
The next speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be followed by Peter Stone.

Stephanie Munoz:        Last time.     Good evening, Council Members.        For
goodness sakes, don't hire another consultant. I've listened and, even
though it took a long time, it seems to me that the comments of the Council
Members were very well thought out and very complete. If you have any
reservations that something might not have been included, you could
certainly say what the intent of the Council is, a little preamble-like thing.
We're much in favor of ground-floor retail. We don't want to lose it, but we
want to protect other businesses that are already there. I think it's going to
work out really well. I think Mr. Moss' comment was well taken that a cap
on development ought to be Citywide. I think the Stanford Industrial Park in
spite of its name could have a few houses too. I wouldn't say single-family
houses, but they could be compatible. I also have only one worry that the
cap is not to go on forever. You have to realize that at some point the City
will be full. Every single piece of property will have five stories with a
garden roof. Then you'll have to look around and, my goodness, you've got
to fill up this office space and put some more places in all the open space.
There has to be realization that at some point, maybe not for a long time,
maybe in the year 2060, but at some point the town will be full and you've
got to stop. I would say that wherever someone wants to put more offices
than are already there, that you insist that the extra space not go to offices
but go to housing of whatever quality or whatever income level. The
developers can still make money on housing, you know, just not quite as
much. Good luck. You're really thinking hard, and I admire the thought that
you're putting into it over all this time. I think you're going to get a product
that you really like and that will do everything that you want. Good luck
                                                                        Page 101 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
