                          TRANSCRIPT
that they're feasible. That's why I want to continue to look at options on
using the Matadero Creek right-of-way. There are people in the community
who will find something like that preferable, and others who aren't
comfortable with competing with cars on streets. This is a real great
alternative for families with young kids or people who just are less
comfortable riding or, frankly, people who would really enjoy a walk along
even a channelized creek. I think it's worth pursuing.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, I believe you were the seconder.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. Yes, I concur with what Council
Member Burt said. I think it's a little too early to give up on this. I think it's
a great opportunity. Other people have pointed out that Sevens Creek has
been moving forward. I do think we can work out a lot of this with the
Water District. With that said, I also do want us to really study the Loma
Verde option. I also really want to make sure that we move forward at
some point with Meadow. Clearly, if we're going to build the bike bridge
there, I really think we want to make a commitment as a Council, if possible,
to do a Class 4 trail there if it makes sense. If it doesn't make sense, it
doesn't make sense. I'd like to see us move in that direction. The other
thing is you've indicated you don't have enough money. We have a Council
Contingency of, like, $300,000, if I recall. I think that's the right number.
It's the end of the year and we haven't used it; we're not going to use it for
anything else that I can think of. I think we should go ahead and suggest
that we use some of the Council Contingency so we have enough money to
study the hybrid alternative and one of the other ones. I just was wondering
how much money you'd need to study it, do you think, or should it be open-
ended or whatever.

Mr. Mello: I would need to check with our consultant and see what the cost
estimate would be for that additional work.

Council Member Scharff: Council Member Burt, would you support adding
some money from Council Contingency as needed?

Council Member Burt: Yes, I would. I would add to it that I'm not sure that
even the amount we have will get expended in this budgetary year.
Whether it's Council Contingency Fund or next year's budget, either of those
pots I would support.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to use Council Contingency
Funds to continue the Feasibility Study on the hybrid alternative.”


                                                                              Page 42 of 71
                                                               City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/9/15
