                          TRANSCRIPT
left to right the existing four-story Palo Alto Central Condominiums, a two-
story building adjacent to the project, the project site itself, and then further
to the right the four-story condominiums, and then just off the page another
four-story office building. This is a Park Boulevard elevation image of what
was recommended for approval by the Architectural Review Board. You will
notice on the top is a large tensile structure. This is the element that
necessitated the DEE for the project. In the approval, the Architectural
Review Board required that the tensile structure size be reduced by
approximately one-third. Prior to the Council meeting, the applicant has
submitted a revised version of the rooftop canopy in a series of umbrellas
that are hanging over the site.         This version was approved by the
subcommittee of the Architectural Review Board just prior to the packet
going out. These images are in your packet. This is a version of the Grant
Avenue elevation. You can see those hanging canopy umbrellas at the top.
In the ARB review, there's a number of findings, a total of 16 findings,
required for ARB review approval. A couple of them are highlighted for you
in this slide. In addition to those are the context-based design findings
which are also provided in the Record of Land Use Action provided in
Attachment A.      For the Design Enhancement Exception, the ARB did
recommend approval of that. The purpose of that Design Enhancement
Exception is to enhance the design of the project. A few of the findings are
highlighted here. In red you can see the elements of the project that
necessitated the exceptions, the two stair towers and the canopy structures.
In addition, one of the stair towers includes the elevator over-run which you
see on the left on the upper image. It does not require the exception, but
the stair towers are 10 feet taller than the 37-foot height limit, and the
canopy structures are 13 feet taller, for a total of 50 feet.             In the
environmental review document, there were a total of three items that the
environmental review document focused on. This was a focused EIR. Those
key items were traffic and circulation, hazards and hazardous materials and
cultural resources. There were no impacts identified under traffic and
circulation. There were impacts identified under hazards and hazardous
materials, because the project site is located over the California-Olive-
Emerson Groundwater Plume.            There are some standard mitigation
measures including a vapor barrier, active ventilation and annual testing in
order to mitigate those impacts. Under cultural resources, the demolition of
the historic building cannot be mitigated; therefore, the Statement of
Overriding Considerations is required. For the Statement of Overriding
Considerations, the Council has to adopt a series of findings. The City must
find that the 2555 Park Boulevard project meets the following stated project
objectives, which have substantial social, economic, policy and other public
benefits justifying its approval and implementation. Those are listed in
Attachment D. There are a number of public comments associated with the
project. You had a number of comments listed at places as well as
                                                                         Page 33 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
