                              MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman explained that the total amount on packet page 359 pertained
to the nine planning areas, dating to 1989. Data presented on packet page
357 pertained to the City as a whole, dating to 2001.

Herb Borock felt information regarding the nine planning areas would be
useful should the Council wish to take action in relation to particular areas of
the City. Information in the at-places memorandum counted Stanford
campus employment as employment in the City of Palo Alto. If the Council
wished to include Stanford University employment, then it had to consider
secondary effects.

Dan Garber indicated real estate consultants were recommending office
space rental rates increase because of Council discussions. An office cap
would increase rental rates, make attracting employees more difficult, and
increase the cost of working in Palo Alto.

Hamilton Hitchings suggested the Council reduce the estimated square feet
per worker to 100 square feet per worker; adopt Palo Alto Forward's
suggestion of a Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Program;
implement an annual cap of 20,000 square feet for office space; and
implement an office space selection process.

Frank Ingle endorsed imposition of a cap in combination with an application
selection process. The Business Registry should be useful in determining the
source of the Downtown parking problem. Perhaps the Council could apply
parking fees per employee to mitigate parking problems.

Jerry Schwarz supported Palo Alto Forward's suggestions to address traffic
and parking problems. The main problem for Downtown residents was the
type of retail.

David Bena, Watercourse Way, felt a development cap would increase rents
and cause businesses to leave Palo Alto.

Ben Lerner supported a cap on new office development, but preferred a
moratorium. Unrestricted office growth threatened the quality of life in Palo
Alto. The jobs/housing imbalance pressured the City to approve higher
density housing.

Stephen Levy stated the fiscal study was critical to understanding the
impacts of development. In considering a cap, the Council should think
about pipeline projects, when a cap would end, and the legality of a cap.

Judy Kleinberg, Chamber of Commerce, urged the City to engage in a
strategic examination of facts and surveys before imposing an annual or

03/02/2015                                                               117- 37
