                          TRANSCRIPT
care. If we can't make it happen, if we don't make it happen, who are we?
Please help Supervisor Joe Simitian achieve his mission of saving Buena
Vista and affordable housing. Your critical leadership and action now will
help drive a needed and impactful resolution. We want Palo Alto to be part
of the solution.

Lynn Huidekoper: Good evening, I'm Lynn Huidekoper, a member of Stop
the Ban Coalition, who supports this effort. This is a fabulous turnout. It is
a prime example of grassroots organizing, which is all about what the
democratic process is about. You can see the supporters in this room. Palo
Alto apparently has eight billionaires, so I know the City Council is going to
do the right thing to maintain the diversity both economically, culturally, etc.
I know you're going to do the right thing tonight. I'm very honored to be
part of this grassroots effort. Thank you.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members. Like many other issues,
if you're going to be doing what people are requesting you to do, you should
do it only if it's done right. I have provided you a letter that was sent
electronically, and it's at your places this evening. I have indicated seven
items that you need to get appropriate answers to before you commit funds
to Buena Vista. I'll add an eighth item. There were two typographical errors
in the letter that I noticed. At the top of the second page, Item No. 5 has
the word "home" in the second line which should be the word "how." On the
third page near the top, the first reference to the Commercial Housing In-
Lieu Fund says page 8 when it should be page 6. I hope those of you who
have accessed the links to those have been able to find them. In addition to
the seven items in my letter, the eighth item you should request is an
update to the annual report on development impact fees for the Commercial
and Residential Housing In-Lieu funds. The report that you received and
accepted on January 12th shows the net funds available at the end of last
fiscal year and the unspent balance at the next funding date, which is an
estimate based on expected transactions. I would suggest you get from
Staff an up-to-date amendment to that that shows transactions that have
occurred so far in this fiscal year, both increasing and decreasing, for those
two funds including any accrued interest and whether it's the same
prediction for the unexpended balance at the end of the year or a different
one, that you get the line items of expected increases and decrease
identified by projects so that you can have something that is verifiable on
those numbers and you know where those numbers came from. The
proposal by Caritas is a development project like any other. Before the City
Council is going to commit funds to a development project like this, it needs
to have all the information to enable you to make an appropriate decision.
I've tried to outline the information that I believe you need, and you may
need other information. I'm not suggesting in any of this request for
                                                                          Page 14 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/29/15
