                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Council Member Filseth, if you offered as a
substitute to the other motion on the floor, if you offered what I proposed
earlier plus your changes, then that would be the substitute to the motion to
continue.

Council Member Filseth: That's my intent. I look to the Mayor, what's the
procedural way to do this?

Mayor Holman: I'm looking to see what it is. I'm not sure it's clear. I'm
looking to the City Attorney. I'm not sure this is clear.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: There was a procedural motion to continue, and
there was a new motion on the merits, on the substance. That is a
substitute motion. You're looking for a second.

Mayor Holman: So far I do not see one.

Council Member Kniss: Could I do a clarification on this? It would seem as
though you just cancel whatever it is out. That says any coordinated area
plan is subject to the 50,000 square feet limitation. It just reads in a
different direction.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt is correct. Any coordinated area plan
would be counted as part of the 50,000 square feet. Any extra or leftover
square feet what be what's left over. Is there a second?

Council Member Wolbach:        I'll second it if you'll consider a friendly
amendment.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:          Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by
Council Member Wolbach to use the precise boundaries as outlined in the
Potential Office/R&D Cap Boundaries as proposed by Staff; and the
Development Cap will not apply to Office Space approved as part of a
Coordinated Area Plan or Specific Plan, with the exception of SOFAII. Staff
will return with information pertaining to the impacts of excluding SOFAII
from the Development Cap; and any coordinated area plan which allows net
new square footage of Office/R&D Space, the 50,000 square foot
Development Cap will be reduced by that amount.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer a friendly amendment. At the very end,
change it to reduced by one-half of that amount. We don't ever have to
approve a specific plan. The whole thing is specific plans will still come to
the community, it'll come to the Council. We still have to approve them.

                                                                     Page 103 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
