                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. We will not forget you.             Staff, you have a
presentation? Jim, do you have some comments?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes. Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council
Members. We're here in a Special Meeting tonight for two reasons, two
drivers at least. One, of course, last month you heard from the Silicon
Valley Leadership Group which was sort of in the lead role along with VTA on
exploring what could comprise the 2016 sales tax ballot measure to be used
for transportation. Pretty much concurrent with that in September, as the
Staff Report indicates, we were all surprised to sort of see High Speed Rail
sort of burst back upon the scene. Working with the Mayor and Council's
interests overall thought there was some urgency and timeliness to us
putting together a Special Session on this so that the Council could not only
discuss these issues, but begin to express yourself in the various forums.
That's why we're here. I think it'll be clear when the Staff makes its
presentation that through both of those matters, both the High Speed Rail
issue, of course Caltrain itself, and then your clear interest on any ballot
measure and transportation improvements needing to go towards Caltrain
that the question of grade separation sort of sits at the center of all of those.
It was a good opportunity to do this. I'm going to turn it over to Staff. I
think you obviously know Richard and Ed Shikada. I did want to just
formally again introduce Joshua Mello who is the City's new Chief
Transportation Official. I know he's been out and about as it relates to the
Arastradero Project. This is the first specific item and the sole work session
on this, and Josh will have a key part in this, so we want to welcome him
formally and happily to the City family. Thank you. I'll turn it over to Ed.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Very good. Thank you, Jim. Once
again, Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager. I and Josh Mello will do the
primary upfront briefing for the Council, hopefully not giving any signals that
two of your newest Staff members are providing the briefing on an issue
that has been around for a few years and clearly has both complexities to it
as well as some extensive issues. We will provide that upfront briefing
while, obviously, being simply representative of a deeper team as well as,
quite frankly, also representing between the two of us decades of experience
relating to transportation projects and regional issues. That said, I will
provide a brief intro and perhaps set a foundation for the Council's
discussion this evening. On our first slide, simply to provide an overview.
As was noted, it's one agenda item. We've split it into three specific topics.
We'll cover all of them in this presentation, then give the Council an
opportunity to discuss perhaps the first two before moving on to the third.
The first being Palo Alto's response to the renewed activity on California High
Speed Rail Authority's plans to proceed with the segment between San
Francisco and San Jose. Second, to seek Council's feedback on next steps
                                                                            Page 4 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
