                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: That's a great policy conversation for the Council. We could
explore with the applicant what other options might be available in terms of
enhancing that component of the project, if that was felt necessary, if the
benefits that we've identified are not sufficient and the overall policy of the
City of how we address older buildings. If this is one that is valuable and
worth retaining in some way, there needs to be some effort to go about
putting it on our inventory as that mechanism or vehicle exists. I would
imagine the property owner might be a little bit unclear if we're not taking
the proactive effort of listing it, yet we also don't want to issue a Statement
of Overriding Considerations to get rid of it. We're trying to figure out how
to balance those two issues. One thing I'm hearing is there might be some
other public considerations that could be considered as well.

Mayor Holman: Quickly, just as a response to your point. If we're not
listing, but listing it has not never come forward. We've never had the
opportunity to list it. It was taken to the HRB as a discussion item, not as
an action they could take. We've never had the opportunity to list it.

Mr. Lait: I would want to look to the Code to see who has the authority to
list. Certainly the property owner can initiate, and perhaps the City Council
could initiate a designation onto the inventory as a Category 3 or 4.

Mayor Holman: HRB can recommend to Council or Council can initiate.
We've not had that opportunity. I don't want to take any more time.

Council Member Scharff: Council Member Filseth made the motion. I
wanted to make a comment briefly. I've been sitting here thinking, and it's
getting late. I'm probably going to say things I'll regret later. Council
Member Burt said something that struck me. He also likes the rooftop
aspect to this, but it's not in our Code. I'm thinking historical since I've
been on the Council. We've tended to use or allow things like these DEEs to
go through. Now that we've decided we are all fundamentalists and our
Code is our bible—that was the part I was going to regret later. I'm most
interested in letting the development community and the business
community know what they can expect up here and to have some
consistency. Right now we're going through a transition in the way we're
thinking about it. We'll get there. One of the things about it, if we're all
fundamentalists, is we need to go through our Code and then have all these
discussions. Do we want to have policy where we allow rooftop terraces?
We do Downtown. In the past, what we've done is said if it's better for the
community, we go ahead and approve and ignore the process question as
much. Now we've decided that the process question trumps what's better
for the community. That means we're going to get a lot of things that are
worse for the community, because we're going to tie ourselves up in

                                                                        Page 86 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
