                         TRANSCRIPT
somebody out of their current space. Right now I'm not making a motion or
anything, just kind of putting out there for clarification from Staff and also
letting my colleagues know where I'm thinking right now.

Mr. Lait: If a property owner is concerned that Cambridge cannot support
more retail or to the retail depth of the lots that are there, there could be
some apprehension about redeveloping the parcels. If we were to consider
the approach that has been discussed in some contexts, where the rear half
or the rear portion, whatever that percentage is, is allowed to be a non-retail
use, that would at least create an opportunity for the dentist or whatever the
use is to potentially stay.     It may be less discouraging for some to
discourage redevelopment of a site.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just wanted to follow up on a question that
Council Member, or a thread that Council Member Scharff pursued a minute
ago, the discussion of a conditional use permit versus legal nonconforming.
What's the difference in practice? What does it imply?

Mr. Lait: The legal nonconforming use would be a use that was established
at a time it met the Codes, and then the Codes change. It was legally
established, but now it's nonconforming for lack of something. In this case,
lack of a CUP. That's what the legal nonconforming status ...

Council Member Filseth: If we give that person a CUP, does—what are the
constraints on these? It prevents you from remodeling or ... Which is
better?

Mr. Lait: Let's say we're the Counter restaurant, chain store. I wanted to
continue operation. This ordinance goes into effect. To continue operation,
nothing is required. To remodel, nothing is required. To expand, now you
need a CUP.

Council Member Filseth: I see.

Mr. Lait: To tear it down and rebuild it, now you need a CUP.

Council Member Filseth: Got it. Could you clarify one thing in here? It says
that if you have a barbershop or a nail salon on Cambridge Avenue, you can
still keep that. Right?

Mr. Lait: Yes. Again, just to reiterate, there's nothing about this ordinance
that kicks any existing tenant out of any tenant space.

Council Member Filseth: You could put a new one in if you wanted?
                                                                        Page 50 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
