                         TRANSCRIPT
I'm going to recuse myself from this item. The FPPC has not yet had a
chance to rule on this. Molly has said that she will pursue this. In the
meantime, given the proximity I am going to recuse myself tonight.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 7:29 P.M.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council. Jonathan Lait, Assistant
Director for the Planning and Community Environment Department. For the
last several meetings, the City Council has had a conversation about retail
preservation. Tonight's conversation is more focused on California Avenue
and some of the adjacent streets in that area. You may recall last year that
the City Council had expressed an interest in looking at retail preservation
on California Avenue as well as wanted to consider the possibility of
regulations for formula retail or chain stores on California Avenue and the
possibility of regulating the number of restaurants permitted in that area.
Also included on this slide are some of the other actions that the City Council
has taken to date with respect to retail preservation Citywide. This map is
an excerpt that is taken from the Staff Report.             The shaded portion
surrounds California Avenue which is in the middle. California Avenue has a
zoning designation of CC(2)(R)(P). This is the R Combining District. The
permitted uses in that shaded area are retail, personal services and eating
and drinking. Those are the only permitted uses permitted by right on the
ground floor. The surrounding area, shown in hatched markings, is the
CC(2) designation. These uses are also permitted in this area, but so are
financial institutions and limited office spaces.         This is a chart that
summarizes the types of businesses that exist on California Avenue,
Sherman Avenue and Cambridge Avenue. We can come back to this chart
and focus this in a little more detail, if desired. It gives you a breakdown of
the types of uses that we see. I'll just highlight that about 30 percent of the
uses on California Avenue are eating and drinking establishments, 25
percent are retail, 21 percent are personal service, with the balance being
other land uses. Staff has done some preliminary outreach in advance of
the Council's discussion. As noted in the report, we did a questionnaire on
SurveyMonkey and we had a presence at the farmers' market, I believe,
over two weekends. We also held two community meetings in the area,
which were attended by property owners, businesses and residents in the
area. What we heard were some of the concerns that are shown on this
slide, on the left-hand side. There is a concern about the potential loss of
neighborhood character; the loss of independent retailers, the mom and pop
shops that we've been hearing about; and how perhaps the formula retail
uses that are establishing on California Avenue and the perceived increase of
restaurants in the area are affecting that neighborhood character, but also
serving more of a daytime population with the office development that we're
                                                                         Page 35 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
