                          TRANSCRIPT
our own to get that kind of a study and plan done. It needs to be done.
VTA said, "We just don't have time." For something that's going to be in
place for not only decades but decades upon decades, there's not time not to
do it. That's one. We can look at what the right time is to start that, but we
probably shouldn't tarry too long. I did want to respond to something that
Council Member Wolbach said. In terms of prioritizing safety, costs and
cosmetics, aesthetics, I really would not prioritize them. Of course, safety is
the number one. Of course, that one's a no brainer. The others I would not
put them in a hierarchical fashion because they're all equally important.
That's why CEQA, for instance, requires them all to be studied, evaluated
and mitigated, if not eliminated. I really wouldn't put them, duly respected,
I wouldn't put them in that kind of an order in case that happens to catch on
with any other colleagues. I think that may be—I think I can stop there.
Council Member Burt, you have a motion.

Council Member Burt: Yes. First, before the specific points in my motion, I
did want to say that regardless of whether High Speed Rail does or doesn't
come to the Peninsula, the nearer term, longer term, ever, we're going to
see a need for a greater number of trains on the Peninsula. The challenges
remain whether they're coming or not. It really behooves us to re-engage
on this and begin trying to take the bull by the horns ourselves, so that we
really are moving as much as possible away from a reactive mode. One of
the ways that we were engaging this in a real significant way before was our
Rail Committee. We've wanted to try to minimize ad hoc committees or
even standing committees in this case as much as possible. I think it's
pretty clear that we need to reappoint and re-engage our City Council Rail
Committee.      My first component of the motion is to have the Mayor
reappoint the City Council Rail Committee. Second, for the Council to direct
Staff to return in the near future with a preliminary plan for a Context
Sensitive Solutions process, long term and near term for Palo Alto, to
address rail impacts and the future of rail in Palo Alto. For Staff to also
return with a recommendation for a first phase circulation study. I'll just say
as an aside, not part of the motion, that I don't think this is an iterative
process. Just like what we did over a year ago on the grade separation
analysis, it's not the end all, it's not the full design, but we need to get
going. Returning to the motion, in addition for the Council to direct Staff
and our Mayor representing us to convey clearly to both the High Speed Rail
Authority and to Caltrain the following: the full Context Sensitive Solutions
should be retained as the process for High Speed Rail on the Peninsula; the
timeline for the High Speed Rail EIR on the Peninsula should be adjusted for
adequate timing for the EIR and for full integration with the CSS process.

Council Member DuBois: I would second.

                                                                         Page 33 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
