                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: The language on "I" which is housing supply for
diverse family sizes, ages, ability levels and income levels. That's like
everybody, right?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: What does it say?

Council Member Wolbach: That says that we're pro housing just like the old
Comp Plan.

Council Member Filseth: For everybody, right?

Council Member Wolbach: Yep.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any further lights, so it looks like we are actually
ready for a vote on this. I won't read through all of it. Pardon me, for
anybody who's watching from home. Council Members, vote on the board
please. That actually passes unanimously on an 8-0 vote, Council Member
Kniss absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: Now, can we get to Policy L-8 please? Council Members?
Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Back to L-8. Trying to make the case that this is an
important indicator of Council intent on direction, size, scale of movement.
The interesting thing about L-8, it is not just another policy in our Comp
Plan. It's actually part of a 50-year long process. It's interesting if you look
at the history of Silicon Valley, starting with Moore's Law which declared that
information prices would be falling dramatically every 18 months. At the
same time, Palo Alto governance started a long series of movements saying,
"We don't want big corporate headquarters in our town." There's a string of
events either by voters in Palo Alto or by City Councils. In the '60s, they
turned down an 18-story hospital in SOFA. They turned down two 15-story
buildings on University Avenue. The imposed a 50-foot height limit. They
protected both the Baylands and the Foothills against development. In the
'80s, they set a two-year moratorium on Downtown office growth. They
imposed parking requirements for new commercial buildings and imposed
fees on them. In the 1990s, they downsized major commercial areas
throughout town and put in Program L-8. L-8 was a manifestation not of an
apparition but of a choice that Palo Alto has made consistently through that
growth period of Silicon Valley. It had a big impact. As Council Member
Scharff said earlier, a lot of companies started here with Fairchild. Ideas
                                                                        Page 100 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
