                          TRANSCRIPT
trains which we need, we've got to get that grade separation. Council
Member Filseth is right, this is an existential crisis for us. In order to make
sure that our economy and our community keeps working, we're going to
need to do that in a big way. I appreciate all of the support that we can get
from you. I suppose BART is as far as we can take it, but we also need to
make sure we have the balance up here, so we have a really cohesive
system, a cohesive community and a cohesive economy, which I'm sure you
understand.

Mr. Guardino: Council Member, you're singing to the choir, of course. As
you know, I bike commute almost every day, 17 miles each way each day.
The bike-ped improvements are not only smart transportation policy for a
systems wide approach, but I have some enlightened self-interest in that as
well, as well as safety improvements especially near schools for bike-ped
improvements. Thank you for your thoughtful feedback on that. Both you
and Council Member Kniss spoke up about when it comes to grade
separations, there may be a need for local communities also to come up with
some self-help and some self-funding. That's wise. We've been hearing
that more and more. It goes back to what Council Member Filseth said
about when you have these county-wide funds, do you attract other dollars.
I had emphasized the regional, State and Federal, but there is also the local
match that you too mentioned as well.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Good evening.

Mr. Guardino: Good evening.

Council Member Burt: I just want to dive into some follow-ups to what some
of my colleagues have raised.          First, one point on the informative
demographics. It's also that Palo Alto basically has about 10 percent of the
jobs of Santa Clara County. That's important to those who live elsewhere in
the county and work in Palo Alto. Looking at transportation is not just about
what we want for our residents; it's what is needed for those who work here.
It needs to be that hybrid. I don't think that recognition is common enough.
It's an important consideration in my mind. I want to talk briefly about the
measure. One is that I think many of us think of Caltrain as really the
transportation, certainly the transit, backbone of Silicon Valley. In the core
of it—I think it's broader than this—from the San Jose area to San Francisco,
it runs right down the center. I agreed with the bulk of what Council
Member Filseth sad, but actually I would disagree in terms of whether the
cities along the Peninsula and the Caltrain corridor are some poor design.
They were built around a transit line, and they are historically and

                                                                        Page 79 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
