                          TRANSCRIPT
Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director Public Works: Jim spoke to what got us
started on designing in this way, to change the names. There's a number of
locations throughout the garages where we use the "A," "B," "C"
designation. What we were trying to do here was have consistent graphics
and signage throughout the garage to reflect the new "P1," "P2" and "P3."
It would also match up and be in alignment with the other types of signage
within the garages that are being proposed that don't relate to that. That's
what I would have to add. Council Member Burt, to the second half of your
question. I tried to go through our bid package line items and look at just
the garage-related items that specifically relate to the "A," "B: and "C." For
instance, if we did not make that change, then we probably wouldn't need to
repaint all the columns in the garage. There's 200 columns that have the
"A," "B," "C" information. There's also elevator core areas and stairwell core
areas. If we were to remove all that work with this with the associated 10
percent contingency, it's just over $100,000. That would include leaving
some new signage for the garage that wasn't directly related to the "A," "B,"
"C" change.

Council Member Burt: You alluded to it, but I'm assuming that if we didn't
change these designations for the garage floors, there's still some ways that
we could provide better clarity than we have right now as to Level 1 being
lobby and these levels being clearly parking, things that are on the margins
but would improve that communication without having to redo everything,
I'm guessing.

Mr. Shikada: That's certainly possible to a point. I would acknowledge that
there's been an accumulation of different types of messages along the years
on the levels. As a result, part of this is simply painting over some of that.
To a certain extent, we'd want to acknowledge there would still be some
expenses but perhaps significantly less without the re-designation.

Council Member Burt: I have a procedural question amongst us. I'm
inclined to support deleting the expenditures for re-designating the parking
level descriptions but not necessarily to do so on the other signage that's the
other half of the Motion. Since those two things are lumped together, I'm
not quite sure how we proceed. Unless we separate the Motion, we'd have
to defeat the initial Motion and then entertain a second one, I'm guessing.

Mayor Holman: We could split "a" and "b" from "c," but first let's hear from
other Council Members.

Vice Mayor Schmid: A question on the parking garage levels. The change to
the easier measuring system also is, I assume, helpful for our whole
Downtown parking permit program, that you can identify sites and where

                                                                         Page 22 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
