                          TRANSCRIPT
and about comprehensive planning. In the past, it was a City Council Rail
Committee. I'm wondering if this point in time it really should be a City
Council Rail and Circulation Committee. I want to ask Staff that, because is
that going to be so big that it's going to be unwieldy for the Committee. I
think of the housing committee. We didn't deal with just affordable housing;
we dealt with all manner of housing having to do with the State mandate.
I'd actually like Staff's opinion first. These things are so interrelated, and I
don't want the Committee's hands to be tied by not talking about a variety
of things that you can imagine might come up.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Madam Mayor. It's a good point. One, I would be
concerned that rail and circulation could be confusing; somebody might think
that its charge was circulation beyond just the rail issue.           Secondly,
anticipating your other point, I'm assuming that at some point these
questions about either a deeper dive in circulation or these engineering
analyses or the financing plan strategies would be also things that would be
in the wheelhouse of the reconstituted Rail Committee. I don't think you're
going to move things ahead with just the circulation component. That's
going to be used to inform those next stages, unless I'm not seeing it
correctly. That's the way I would see it. I would think you would not want
to be trying to limit what you mean when you say you're reconstituting the
Rail Committee. I think clearly your motion here already anticipates some of
the first work we'll be doing will be on circulation as it informs rail matters,
Caltrain matters.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for the input. That's why I wanted to ask Staff
first. With that, the motion on the floor is A, have the Mayor reappoint the
City Council Rail committee; B, direct Staff to return in the near future with
a preliminary plan for a Context Sensitive Solution to address rail impacts
and the future of rail in Palo Alto and the mid-Peninsula; C, direct Staff to
return with a first phase circulation study; D, in two parts, direct Staff and
Mayor representing the Council to convey clearly to both the High Speed Rail
Authority and Caltrain that (1) the full Context Sensitive Solution should be
retained for the process of High Speed Rail along the Peninsula, and (2) the
timeline for the EIR along the Peninsula should be adjusted for adequate
timing for the EIR and adjusted for time needed to fully integrate CSS in the
process; and finally E, direct Staff to pursue interim grade crossing safety
measures through Section 130 and through other means. With that, vote on
the board please. That passes unanimously with Council Member Kniss
absent and Council Member Filseth not participating.

MOTION AS       AMENDED       PASSED:       7-0   Kniss   absent,    Filseth       not
participating


                                                                            Page 39 of 70
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/13/15
