                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: For the language to be clear on the intention of what you're
proposing here, would the language not be that the projects in Section C
would be first in line to be selected under the cap and not subject to the
weighted criteria?

Council Member Scharff: That would be correct.

Mayor Holman: That's what I think you're intending, but that's not what this
says.

Council Member Scharff: That is what I'm intending. We can add that in.
That's fine. I accept that.

Mayor Holman: You have that "and not subject to the weighted criteria."
Council Member Kniss, is that what you ...

Ms Gitelman: Wouldn't they be subject to the weighted criteria ...

Council Member Scharff: Your right. It would be ...

Ms. Gitelman: ... after? They were first in line, but they would still have to
be weighted because they're more than 50,000 square feet.

Council Member Scharff: They would be weighted, against each other
because there's more than 50,000 in the first year. It would be weighted in
the first year amongst each other.

Mayor Holman: Amongst each other, okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment, “first in line to be
chosen under the Office/R&D Development Annual Limit” with “selected first
and weighted amongst each other.”

Council Member Scharff: I think Staff has the understanding of the Motion.
Am I wrong?

Mayor Holman: Last question here, to make sure that we're understanding
this. One of these projects was reduced. It's less than what was on this
chart. Is that right?

Council Member Scharff: That's still up in the air.

Mayor Holman: Let's pretend that that's the case. Which project was it that
was less square footage than what was indicated, net increase?


                                                                      Page 130 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
