                          TRANSCRIPT
had three meetings before the Planning and Transportation Commission, not
counting the introductory meeting that we had, as well as three meetings
before the Architectural Review Board to discuss in detail the ARB findings or
the AR findings that we were proposing to amend. What is before you then
this evening is an ordinance that reflects the input from all those bodies.
They are, in essence, the Tier 1 list. We want to draw the Council's
attention to that ordinance, but also Attachment E in your packet.
Attachment E includes a number of almost Tier 1 items. We've developed
some language for them that could be plugged into the ordinance if the
Council felt that that was appropriate to do. If those Attachment E items do
not get put into the ordinance, they will get added to the Tier 2 list for a
future conversation. We believe that if this process so far has gone fairly
well, we anticipate it being a recurring activity that we do. What we'd like to
do is have a conversation with the City Council on the Tier 2 items at a
future date next year as we begin the second annual effort to talk about
what that might look like, so we can get on the same page earlier than we
did this time around. The presentation that we have before you to sort of
make it a little bit easier to digest is grouped into these six different
categories. The first dealing with signs. The second has to do with
definitions and interpretations and some other standards related to single-
family homes. The third group is about multifamily zoning and State Density
Bonus Law. The fourth group about commercial zoning. Group 5 is the
California Environmental Quality Act. Group 6 is the Architectural Review
Board findings and some other procedural items. What I was going to do
was highlight a couple of items from Attachment E that we think are
important for consideration even if they don't get moved forward on the
proposed ordinance. The first group then is Group 1. Again, I'm not going
to cover the administrative items. Half of the amendments that we're
proposing are administrative.         They're missing words or outmoded
references. We're just trying to clarify all that. This presentation is not
going to address any of those administrative changes, but we're happy to
answer any questions that you may have about them. The more substantive
changes in this group relate to wall signs and projecting or blade signs.
What we're trying to do here is streamline an existing process that we have.
To do the types of signs that you see illustrated on the slide and included in
your packet, an applicant would have to apply for a sign—a signage
estimate?

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: A sign exception.

Mr. Lait: A sign exception. That's fine. It's a process. As we're beginning
to look more closely at the findings for DEEs or variances or even sign
exceptions, we're finding it more difficult to support these types of signs
based on the findings that are contained in those provisions of the Code.
                                                                        Page 29 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
