                         TRANSCRIPT
sustainability. For instance, I lead the implementation of the Local Solar
Plan which was adopted by Council on Earth Day of last year, including the
development of a community solar program which would allow anyone within
the community to go solar even those that may have a roof that doesn't face
the right direction, live in a historic building, rent, maybe they live in a
condo or maybe their roof is shaded by our beautiful urban tree canopy
here. If you're a member of the Finance Committee, I'll be speaking to you
all December 1st on a couple of solar items, specifically a recommendation
for PV partners and then also some design guidelines for net energy
metering, specifically the successor tariff program. The other half of my
work is mainly emerging technologies and sustainability. For instance, I run
the program for emerging technologies which is a program to help launch
pilot projects for innovative products and services that will better use and
manage energy, water and fiber optic services. Also, I perform some
strategic analyses, for instance, related to cost effectiveness of residential
fuel switching. That analysis underpinned part of the work plan that was
presented on electrification recently. Those are just a few examples of what
resource planners do. I think that these services are really kind of important
for the community, specifically for helping the community meet the very
aggressive sustainability goals that it sets for itself.     This community
embodies the value of embracing innovation. I love my job. I'm very happy
to work here. We ask you, the elected leaders, to support your frontline
workers by investing in quality public services and a fair contract that will
help achieve that. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Amy Christel to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Amy Christel: Hello, and thank you for the opportunity to speak tonight. I
also thank all of the amazing people who keep the City running like a fine-
tuned machine. Tonight I would like to speak to the obligations of this
Council and the City as owners of Palo Alto Airport. The benefits of that
airport are many, but they come with costs, very real costs. Noise pollution,
the need for financial support in the way of maintenance. None of these
costs can or should be ignored. I ask this Council, number one, to install
noise monitors in the neighborhoods of this community. We need data to
monitor the very real impacts of air traffic, both jets and general aviation
traffic that is generated inside our neighborhoods, not just over the Bay or
the airport. Number two, I would respectfully request the City to stop taking
FAA airport improvement grants. Those AIP grants cost us any control over
operations at Palo Alto Airport well into the future. By accepting those
grants today, you are handcuffing future leaders and future residents of this
community.       The impacts of aviation activities involve impacts on the
environment as well as enjoyment of life as you've heard tonight. Number
three, I would like the City to really address the costs of maintaining the
                                                                           Page 28 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
