                             MINUTES
NOMINATION: Council Member Filseth nominated Council Member Burt for
Vice Mayor for 2015.

Council Member Filseth remarked that Council Member Burt was an
exceptional public servant with a strong grasp of policy, long experience with
City issues, deep ties to the community, and the energy and passion to be
an outstanding Vice Mayor.

Vice Mayor Kniss would support Council Member Schmid for Vice Mayor.
Council Member Schmid had a deep background in the community.

Council Member Berman would support Council Member Schmid for Vice
Mayor. Council Member Schmid was capable and deserving of a leadership
role.

Mayor Holman held the highest regard for Council Member Schmid's
intellect, integrity, and ability to analyze data. However, she had strong
allegiances to Council Member Burt. Council Member Burt's experience with
the South of Forest Avenue (SOFA) 1 and 2 groups, on the Planning and
Transportation Commission, and in leadership roles on Council Committees
would serve the Council well in the coming year. She would support Council
Member Burt as Vice Mayor.

Council Member Schmid advised that elected officials were responsible for
policy decisions. The role of Council officials was to facilitate the process.
That was best done by placing important policy decisions on the Council's
action calendar; making sure appropriate data was available for discussion;
welcoming active, public participation; and assuring discussions were open
and transparent.

Council Member Burt commented that there was a great need to build
consensus after a contentious election period. The Council achieved a great
deal of positive action, a sense of accomplishment, and a great deal of
consensus building during his term on the Council and as Mayor. The Vice
Mayor's role was to support the Mayor and the new City Council and to work
constructively and collaboratively with Staff and the community.

Sea Reddy supported Council Member Schmid for Vice Mayor.            The City
needed Council Member Schmid as Vice Mayor.

Beth Minor, Acting City Clerk, read the vote results.

NOMINATION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER SCHMID FOR VICE MAYOR
PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach yes



01/05/2015                                                             216- 286
