                          TRANSCRIPT
would ultimately be contingent upon there being a satisfactory approval of
the project in some form going forward. The recommendations we had did
not speak explicitly to that, but the Council could look at crafting the
message any way that you might want to, to do that tonight. You could
either leave it as we did or whether or not you would find that other piece
helpful or just decide this in the future when we go down the road. I would
also add we weren't explicitly recommending that the Council again have to
include in the motion the funding sources for the commitment at this time.
We have identified that there are available funding sources. As I said
earlier, I think the fact that we've got two future Budget years in which the
funding would have to be put out. There's more than adequate time for the
City Council to make those choices.

Council Member DuBois: I know my time limit is up. I think I heard two
different answers. If you could help me clarify in terms of whether the
project is segmented or related.

Ms. Stump: We think that it's permissible at this stage for the Council to
take this action this evening to set aside these $5 million to fund the seismic
and rehab work on the existing building. That will be acceptable.

Mr. Keene: I would also go ahead and point out that the Council already
made an earlier decision this year when you extended the lease for another
50 years. That was explicitly acknowledged that one of the rationales for
that was they were going to need to be looking at making improvements for
the long-term viability of the project, and not having a long-term lease
would not be effective in being able to do that. I think we already have a
record of supporting at least the opportunity to kind of explore going
forward. That's really what's happening here.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid. Again three minutes.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I just want to enthusiastically support the motion
tonight. I think the case has been made the demographics of the City are
changing dramatically. There would be more seniors. Two, I think what
we've heard tonight about expanded services, tech centers, wellness, art,
stories, a whole range of activities going on there that are important and
vital to a city. I think the historic property is really what we're talking about
tonight. It is one of the outstanding examples of old Palo Alto in town. It
belongs to the City, and to invest money in maintaining and upgrading
makes a lot of sense. Fourth, I think the case has been made that it's a
great joint venture, public-private, working together for the community. I
want to state two qualifications. TDRs is not going to go very far. I
                                                                         Page 78 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
