                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I don't see a Motion from anybody. I would propose a
Motion that, Council Member Filseth it was yours. Would you care to make a
Motion?

Council Member Filseth: I was going to bring up the issue of the date of
effectiveness again. If we're going to reconsider the automotive service
issue, it seems like we ought to get everything else out of the way first and
into the Motion and then add that.

Council Member Scharff: On the automotive services issue, I thought we'd
agreed to operate under that. Yes, I will vote against the main Motion if that
gets in there.

Council Member Filseth: Can I make an observation here? It seems at
some level like an academic thing anyway. If we put everything in the main
Motion including the controversial Amendment, and the main Motion goes
down, isn't the next thing we're going to do is pull out the controversial
Amendment and vote on it again?

Mayor Holman: Absolutely.

Council Member Filseth: It seems like an academic thing.

Mayor Holman: The reason to do that, speaking of straw votes. Can I see a
straw vote of who would support the main Motion with automotive services
included in it?

Council Member Filseth: A show of hands?

Mayor Holman: Yes, please. It is at 7-2.

Council Member Burt: Two things. I'll have a separate Amendment. The
clarification that we would be able to reconsider the main Motion if it failed
as a result of adding this Amendment, it does render moot the approach that
I was advocating of including something that passed 7-2. I'm disappointed
that two colleagues would vote against the main retail Motion in order to
block that, but I see how that tactic would prevail. I want to let that go at
this time. There is one other Amendment that I want to bring forward. It's
regarding the issue of conversion of basements and mezzanines that have
been retail to other uses such as office.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
add to the Motion, “add to Municipal Code Section 18.85.102, prohibit the
elimination of basement or mezzanine space currently in retail use or in
retail supporting use to be converted to another use.”

                                                                         Page 55 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
