                          TRANSCRIPT
this. It seems appropriate and adequate to provide a limited period of time
to make any further comments.

Council Member DuBois: The process has taken a long time. My concern is
people aren't going to see their updated appraisal and then have a very
short period of time to respond. You're saying they could prepare materials
based on the past appraisal. I have a concern that 10 days is too short,
because people are working two jobs and have to pull things together. I
want to make sure I understand this other part correctly. There was a lot of
discussion in the record about including schools as part of the definition of a
comparable mobile home park. My understanding is that the Hearing Officer
decided that schools was not in there, and the appraisals were done. Then
the City Council disagreed with the Hearing Officer and said that we wanted
schools to be included. Then the appraiser came back and said that the
appraisals already included schools. There seems to be a little bit of a
disconnect there in that there was a huge argument about whether they
should be included or not. That argument went one way, and then we were
told the appraisals actually included schools anyways. To me, there seems
to be a disconnect there. I don't know if you can talk to that.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. The confusion arises from
the different elements that our Ordinance describes as potential mitigations.
One of them involves first-year start-up costs for housing in comparable
communities. The park owner has proposed that all of the residents will not
need to income qualify as low-income, but they'll be provided with that
differential rent between the rent they pay for their Buena Vista site and the
rent for an apartment, one bedroom or this Council has said in some cases
two bedrooms, in comparable communities. There was quite a bit of
discussion about how schools should be considered in terms of the selection
of the comparable communities. That was not an item that the Council
provided any direction on, in the April hearings, that was any different from
what the Hearing Officer did. Rather, the Council focused on the appraisals.
It's just like when you have your home appraised or a potential home that
you might want to purchase appraised. You're asking what is the market
rate that is fair and appropriate for that property without actually selling it
and finding through a transaction what the market will bear. The appraisal
process in attempting to answer that question uses various methods that
incorporate all of the elements of value, elements that increase value as well
as elements that decrease value. That is the context in which, as I
understood the Council's concern, you were asking did the Beccaria
appraisals accurately, fully capture some of the quite special and
extraordinary things about this community. The Council focused on safety
and schools. Mr. Beccaria made some comments that there might be a way
to double check that. He then went and vetted that with his professional
                                                                        Page 21 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
