                         TRANSCRIPT
capture retail uses that may not necessarily be permitted use, but also
include actual retail uses that are there existing as perhaps legal non-
conforming uses. From a practical standpoint, the easiest, most efficient
way to document those uses are if they are existing as of a particular date.

Council Member Burt: Our issue here is that if somebody shut down a retail
use but doesn't have authorization for converting it to office, under this
language they wouldn't be captured.

Ms. Silver: That's correct. That is the downside that we've identified.

Council Member Burt: Is there any problem if we wanted to change this
language to reflect that its current permitted use is what we're looking at
and locking that in the Interim Ordinance? Would that be a legal problem?

Ms. Silver: I think you would want to capture both permitted use or actual
use. That's the broadest.

Council Member Burt: But that would not be a problem?

Ms. Silver: It might be an enforcement problem.

Ms. Gitelman: If we're tackling this section too, I think we should say March
2nd or thereafter to capture the eventuality that one of you mentioned
earlier, where a new retail use comes in, could it then be displaced by
another use. Rather than making it that it has to be there on March 2nd, we
could say "or thereafter."

Mayor Holman:     I'm looking for where this language would be.           Council
Member Burt?

Council Member Burt: I'm not sure, but the City Attorney can figure out the
location. Do we have an Amendment on the floor?

Mayor Holman: We do not. We do not. I heard Council Member Scharff
say, without being asked, without seeing the language, that he would accept
that. We need to get that language drafted and in place.

Council Member Burt: Let me see if I can capture the language that ...

Mayor Holman: If the City Attorney can help with this, that would be great
too.

Ms. Silver: It would be in 18.85.102.



                                                                         Page 51 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
