                         TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Fong: Yeah, it's a fairly cumbersome billing system. We don't have that
capability. Although, I think we do have for residential customers—what do
you call it? The home water report. They do get some information that's
more individualized.

Council Member DuBois: I just think if there was a way to do that, if you
showed their high water use and you said, "With all the increases, this is
what you would be paying. Your conservation efforts are paying off, even
though your bill might have gone up slightly."

Ms. Fong: Our billing system isn't that flexible. We are talking 20,000
customers or so. It's not going to be doable manually.

Council Member DuBois: Again, we can see if there's much outrage from the
community. Even if you did it outside of the billing system, maybe one time
as a mailing. I just think it would be compelling to show people that they're
actually saving money.

Ms. Fong: 20,000 customers doing individualized bills manually might pretty
much use all our resources. That would be the only ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm not suggesting manually. I'm suggesting an
export into another system that can do that. That's just an idea. I think
you're hearing from us our concern about how people react to this.

Mayor Holman: Ms. Ratchye had joined us, so you were acknowledged
earlier. At this time, I'd like to ask for a motion to approve Staff
recommendation to adopt the water rates.

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman:      Vice Mayor Schmid moved, and seconded by Council
Member Kniss.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.   Adopt a Resolution amending Rate Schedules: W-1 (General
     Residential Water Service), W-2 (Water Service from Fire Hydrants),
     W-3 (Fire Service Connections), W-4 (Residential Master-Metered and
     General Non-Residential Water Service), and W-7 (Non-Residential
                                                                      Page 46 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
