                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you good with that?

Council Member Scharff: I'm good with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part F, “Number 26, add at
the end ‘All trees proposed on the plans shall be maintained for the life of
the project.’”

Mayor Holman: Packet page 1008, Number 50, basement shoring. Shoring
for the basement excavation including tiebacks must not extend into
adjacent private property or into the City right-of-way without having—this
is Number 50 again—first obtained written permission from the private
property owners and/or an encroachment permit from Public Works. I've
been assured many times that we don't allow that. Why is that in the
conditions of approval and why would we allow it? Certainly not without
getting some kind of compensation if we were to allow it.

Ms. Silver: I'm not aware of this. I think there have been situations where
we have allowed it. It's fine to strike that last clause, if you want.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I don't know if it's fine to strike that clause.

Mayor Holman: Public Works has assured verbally several times that it
wouldn't be happening.

Council Member Scharff: If that's true, then they won't do it.

Mayor Holman: Then why is it here?

Council Member Scharff: I'm not convinced that Public Works doesn't do
that. I'm not convinced that there aren't times when you won't be able to
shore otherwise. I don't know enough about construction. This is a
technical issue. I'd rather have the flexibility that the City does what they
normally do. 1:00 at night, you're asking me a technical question about
shoring of construction sites.

Mayor Holman: It's not a technical question.

Ms. Stump: If I could suggest that you leave that to Staff to look into it and
make a decision. We understand the interest. We do need to follow up with
engineers on that one. Just as a process question. In the future, that these
kinds of things come in a little bit earlier, so we have an opportunity to vet
them with the professional Staff.
                                                                       Page 143 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
