                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I'm still not comfortable with the 1.7 not including
the Med Center.

Council Member Scharff: I won't offer that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, we're not going to get there with
Council Member Filseth on this, unless we are on a going-backwards basis. I
would ...

Council Member Scharff: Why don't we go with this motion. If we want to
do after this, we can split the motion and have a separate motion on the L-8
stuff. I just want to get the growth metering done.

Mayor Holman: We're almost there. We've already ... I have one quick
little fix to hopefully satisfy Council Member DuBois here. To add "office,
medical office and R&D." Adding "medical office.

Council Member Scharff: That's fine with me.

INCORP INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “medical office” after “for office.”

Mayor Holman: That's acceptable. I see no other lights. If anybody else
wants to speak to this ... Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We're playing around with an important piece of the
Comp Plan. It's been pointed out, clear definitions are important. Let me
just make one historic point. The Comp Plan refers to the map in the 1989
study. If you look at that map and compare it to L-6, they are dramatically
different. There's no non-monitored areas in this map. Two, it's a little bit
more extensive than this map. I don't know where this comes from. There
is no word, sentence in the Comp Plan that says where L-6 came from. The
reference is to this map.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. I thought that the Map L-6 was a result of the
Council's amendment to the Comprehensive Plan in 2011 that explicitly
excluded the hospital and adjusted the boundaries on that map. I would
have to go back and research and actually find the motion, but that was my
understanding.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's where L-6 comes from?

Male: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, it's in the Comp Plan.
                                                                     Page 117 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
