                         TRANSCRIPT

      Irrigation Water Service) to increase rates 4 percent and add drought
      surcharges effective September 1, 2015; and

B.    Adopt a Resolution activating the drought surcharges at the 20 percent
      reduction level effective September 1, 2015.

Council Member Kniss: I would only add to that I hear the frustration of
many of my Council Members. I know how hard it is to think that if I use
less it's going to cost more and why. That's a difficult concept for many
reasons. I think Tom made some good suggestions as to perhaps you could
label slightly differently, maybe we could explain it somewhat differently. I
know it's a puzzle, and I know everyone of us who happens to get one of
those bills saying "You're the bad, bad neighbor. Everybody else in your
area is just fine, but you're not very good." I think it's great that we keep
people on their toes and understanding that. Maybe as Tom said, some
more explanation might help. Water is precious. Having the water that we
have is an absolute gift. Other parts of the country and the world do not
have the water that we have. We're lucky to have it, but at the same time
we have come to take it somewhat for granted.

Ms. Fong: Can I just quickly say? Jon and I did a quick caucus for both
Council Members Burt and DuBois. We agree that we could do some
representative examples of what usage might be and what the bill might
look like under different scenarios. We'll work on that.

Mayor Holman: The one comment that I will make is along the lines of
what's been discussed. There's a basic tenet in public relations that don't
ever let somebody else tell your story. I think communication on this and
the clarity of it is really critical. You've heard the comments by colleagues,
and I think those comments and concerns are shared by many of us. Shall
we vote on the board to approve the Staff recommendation to adopt the
water rates? That passes unanimously with an 8-0 vote with Council
Member Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, just real quickly. Thanks to our
Utilities Staff on this. I did want to give a shout out to Molly Stump, City
Attorney, and her Staff for helping our folks kind of navigate through these
rate issues. Thank you.

24.   Proposed Response to the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
      Authority’s (VTA’s) “Call for Projects” for Inclusion in the Countywide
                                                                       Page 47 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
