                             MINUTES
Sarah McDermott, Unite Here Local 19, was concerned about short-term
rentals that replaced long-term rental units. She cautioned against utilizing
a hosted versus unhosted model as it was nearly impossible to monitor. The
San Luis Obispo Ordinance seemed to better fit Palo Alto's situation.

Bob Moss remarked that unregulated short-term rentals created a number of
problems including commercialization of residential zones, lack of safety
inspections, and fewer tax receipts. He suggested Staff review websites to
determine which residents were offering short-term rentals.

Stephanie Munoz felt absentee owners rented their properties in order to
retain ownership. She was unsure whether making short-term rentals illegal
would be popular.

Rita Tetzlaff believed the Council should first discuss whether Palo Alto
should continue to thrive or whether Palo Alto should convert to a transient
living environment. A Zoning Officer told her he would not enforce the
current Code if the homeowner rented space while remaining in the home.
The City should enforce Zoning Codes.

Marvin Weinstein concurred with Ms. Tetzlaff's comments. He shared his
experience with an Airbnb rental of a neighboring home. The City should
require homeowners to be in residence when renting space in their homes.

E. Segre related her experience with an adjacent home being a short-term
rental. The Council should prohibit short-term rentals of homes.

Wynn Grcich suggested the Council remember that many homeowners
rented space in their homes in order to pay their mortgages. Those rentals
also provided housing for low-income workers.

Katherine Glassey felt guilty for occupying a large home when the City was
experiencing a housing crisis. She was considering short-term rentals
through a website in order to have company, to obtain background checks
on renters, and to help alleviate the housing situation.

Council Member Burt believed the Council should not make policy decisions
based upon TOT revenue that could come to the City as a result of those
policy decisions. The Council also referred use of homes as offices for staff
to investigate; however, he found nothing in the Staff report about that.

Ms. Gitelman reported the City had received approximately ten complaints
related to home occupations in the past year. Most of those had been
located in the Downtown area. The complaints involved overuse of a
residence for an office-type use.

03/09/2015                                                             117- 62
