                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: If you think it does, then you're the maker.

Mayor Holman: I did provide language that is more specific. I don't know if
Council wants to ...

Council Member Burt: We're good.

Council Member Berman: You are.

Mayor Holman:    We may be good because it's late, but when we get this
back again ...

Council Member Scharff: What was your language, Karen?

Mayor Holman: I had "the elements of the proposed project are not
responsive to the more fine-grained elements of the adjacent and nearby
buildings since University Avenue is predominantly comprised of buildings
with 25-foot wide facades with appropriately scaled openings, entries and
narrow vertical upper windows where they exist, and they are differentiated
from building to building. Whereas, the proposed building has large spans of
street-level windows and a repeat pattern over approximately 75 feet of the
project." In my opinion, that identifies, from my perspective again, why the
building isn't responsive to the rhythm on the street. I don't know if the
maker and seconder want to put anything like that ...

Council Member Burt: I don't.

Mayor Holman: Seconder? Neither one of them do.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I'll just put out there I'm not going to be
supporting the Motion, because it calls for redesign when I think it's
premature for us to be doing that. We need more information before we can
make that demand of the Applicant. I will just point out to the Maker and
the Seconder something that Council Member Berman picked up on. If you
compare the phrasing under the ARB section of "a” to the phrasing of "c,"
it's extremely confusing and inconsistent. If you are going to proceed with
this Motion, I would recommend finding a way to clean those up so that
they're consistent.

Council Member Burt: I see what's meant there. One is phrased in terms of
what is not compatible. The other assumes that there's an overview
statement saying it's not compatible. These are all about what we want
them to do. I'd change "a," isn't it? I would say, "the design shall be
compatible" instead of "is not." I think the rest are consistent, worded
correctly.

                                                                    Page 100 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/04/15
