                         TRANSCRIPT

in particular, "This is so important for Palo Alto. It's time we all stop and
remember to have some fun. We've forgotten how to do this with all the
stress and living in the area." The biggest comment of all though is "Where
will Perry go after this project is finished?" In the end, Palo Alto Perry
brought the community together in no other way possible. As he wandered
down the streets, people would shout out, "Is that Palo Alto Perry? Can I
take a photo with him?" Residents submitted notes describing what they
loved most about Palo Alto. Of those, 37 were community spirit, 24 were for
Perry, 21 for the schools, 19 for the neighborhoods, 8 for the City
overseeing the Palo Alto Airport, 17 for the environmental programs, 26 for
the parks, 10 for small independent business, 8 for safety and security and 7
for Avenidas. The trees were mentioned almost every time I asked what
people loved. These comments represent only a fraction of the feedback
that I received. The people who signed up to take Perry deserve the credit
for this venture as they showed him all that they loved. They have provided
this community joy and laughter as is evident from these photos and videos.
I'd like to thank Mayor Holman and City Manager Keene for having the vision
to champion this campaign and allow Perry to be sworn in to his official
duties. I would also like to personally thank all the wonderful ambassadors
that have taken him around town. Finally, Perry would like to thank
everyone for their generosity and encourage everyone of you to visit his
real-life counterparts in Barron Park. Thank you. [video presentation]

Council Member Filseth read the Proclamation into the record.

Ms. Williams: Staff has a question. Where is he going?

Council Member Burt: You're not going to put him out to pasture are you?

Ms. Williams: Not the glue factory either.

Mayor Holman: Enough can't be said about Ali Williams who's idea this was.
Peter Kageyama inspires this kind of work in communities because of his
book, For the Love of Cities. It was really Ali's idea that sparked this and
has brought so much joy and so much fun. Seeing people, not just kids but
seeing adults just holding onto Perry and hugging him and loving him was
really wonderful to see. Do Council Members have any further questions for
Palo Alto Perry? Other than where he is going. Maybe there could be a
response from either Palo Alto Perry or from Ali about where he's going.
He's in semi-retirement.



                                                                      Page 26 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
