                          TRANSCRIPT
will aid the efficient implementation of this Chapter. What it does is it takes
the application requirements out of the Code, puts them into the application,
and it gives the City more flexibility in asking for what we need to ask for.

Council Member DuBois: The second question kind of related to this. I think
you also deleted what would happen if the application expired. Was there a
reason for that? Let me find it here. Yeah, I guess failure to meet the
development schedule, 18.38.140, was struck.

Mr. Lait: I think what we did was we moved it above to 130. Instead of
having all this, we just referred it to the existing provisions that exist in the
Code. Again, we tried to streamline where we could and got rid of some
extraneous references where we didn't need them. No substantive change
occurred; it was cleanup.

Council Member DuBois: In 18.77.090, it basically said the same thing, but
that wasn't part of this. Is that what you're saying?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. 18.38.170?

Council Member DuBois: If you look in 18.38.130, it says that policies and
procedures set forth somewhere else in 18.77.090.

Mr. Lait: Yes. That's an existing provision in the Code that is unaltered by
this Ordinance.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Why don't we do this? If you have questions, fine. It didn't
seem like much of anybody had questions. Why don't we try to do this,
because I have a feeling we're going to have most of our comments, most of
our time, spent around any motion, is my sense of things. Why don't we try
to do questions and comments in three-minute round, and then we'll spend
most of the time, I think, around a motion. Questions or comments?

Council Member Berman: I was hoping to make a motion to just kind of kick
the conversation off in some sort of direction.

Mayor Holman: Why don't we see where we go?

Council Member Berman: Can I tack that on? My comments won't really
make sense without following it up with a motion. They can. When it comes
time to making motions. I don't want to throw the baby out with the bath
water. I think that there are a lot of times where the PC process has been
abused. I think clearly the public has lost a lot of faith in a lot of PC projects
that have been approved. Looking back—of course, now I've closed my
                                                                            Page 60 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/24/15
