                          TRANSCRIPT
this instance, there are three elements of that that sort of leap out at me,
two of which Council Member Wolbach mentioned. One is the traffic at that
intersection which is already the worst in town. The second is that a project
that produces a lot more jobs than housing drives up the jobs/housing ratio
which is also a negative to residents. Third, I think there's an issue of public
confidence here as well. The fact is this proposal is still a PC. We're not
using that language, but what we're talking about is granting a spot
upzoning in exchange for a benefit, in this case the use of a piece of land
and some other things. That's a PC. The community has consistently voiced
its distrust of such horse trading. There are a lot of reasons for the distrust
of these trades, and I have a huge list here but I think I won't go into it. I'll
just say that whatever the reason, the fact is that these PC deals have a lot
of skepticism in Palo Alto and we told residents we're not going to do them.
Impairing public confidence is also a negative to the community. There is a
fourth element here related to the PF zone. The population of Palo Alto has
grown significantly over the last decade. Everybody wants public services.
Now, obviously there's not a 1:1 correlation between PF zoning and public
services. The reality is we don't really have very much PF zoned land
around town. It's hard to imagine we're ever going to get anymore. I mean
it's inconceivable that the City would ever be allowed to go find a CN parcel
and downzone it to PF. I don't mean to say that we should never change PF
zones, just that we ought to take some care about it, because they won't
come back. I think what we do here needs to be guided by a compelling
benefit to the community, whatever we do here. In my opinion and a couple
of the speakers touched on this, any rezoning of this parcel, if there is one—
it's not obvious to me that there's a compelling reason to do one—it ought to
be done as part of a larger plan, not in response to a parcel-specific
proposal. That could mean an area specific plan, possibly the Cal. Ave. plan,
or the Comprehensive Plan. Whatever we do, the land is going to be here a
long time. Any zoning change we do ought to be done very deliberately and
in context.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to share where I am. What is the Council's big
focus at the moment? We're doing an update of our Comprehensive Plan
with the big focus over the next few months on transportation, land use and
business and the intersections of these things. Driving force of it is the
Citizens Survey that is taken each year in Palo Alto. We hear very clearly in
the survey that the concerns of the majority of the citizens are around
traffic, parking and land use. Those are the issues we've got to deal with in
working in the Comp Plan. Yet, as part of our activities, we have a series of
applications that come in. Just over the last couple of months, we've had
one at 441 El Camino, 2555 Park Avenue, and the intersection of 280 and
                                                                         Page 56 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
