                             MINUTES
Ms. Cassel explained that the Stephenson House Board worked to ensure
that did not happen. The turnover required a long time period, because the
Board wanted to provide benefits to employees.

Council Member Burt asked if retained employees would have benefits
comparable to those in the past.

Ms. Cassel answered yes.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Board could demonstrate that
when the Council discussed the loan in April.

Ms. Cassel presumed so. The Stephenson House Board would continue to
provide the same services.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Stephenson House would have the
same type and mix of affordable housing.

Ms. Cassel indicated Stephenson House would provide housing for lower
income individuals. Future residents would be limited to income at 50
percent of the median income. A significant number of current residents
were very low-income.

Council Member Filseth stated introduction of the management company and
a cost-cutting regimen appeared to happen simultaneously which raised
concerns. He inquired whether the management change was an aggressive
cost-cutting regimen.

Ms. Cassel advised the change occurred for other reasons. Once the
rehabilitation project was complete, fewer staff members would be needed.

Ted Marston, Stephenson House Treasurer, reported Stephenson House was
writing investment policy statements and gift acceptance policies in order to
obtain funding. Residents were providing positive feedback regarding the
management company.

Stephanie Munoz remarked that Stephenson House was important to the
community.   The Council should ask questions and obtain additional
information.

Vice Mayor Schmid commented that low-income senior housing was valuable
to the City. A for-profit organization was needed to obtain tax credits.
Unfortunately, the for-profit organization held 99 percent of control. A 2009
agreement contained a clause stating the property would be used solely for
the operation of senior rental housing subject to affordability requirements.
That was the wording the Council sought. The Council needed to determine
03/09/2015                                                             117- 76
