                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Thanks. In the interest of time, I'll just dive into a
couple of thoughts. The first was around the meaning of meaningful
congestion relief throughout the county. As I was thinking about it, we in
Palo Alto and probably also in Mountain View have our existing congestion,
but perhaps that's not our greatest threat. We've been dwelling on the
future impact of significantly more trains, potentially doubling the number of
trains on our tracks, and without grade separations, the potential for
gridlock. From our standpoint, we're probably thinking about meaningful
avoidance of future gridlock as opposed to present congestion relief;
although, we certainly do have present congestion problems. I just wanted
to make sure the framing of it was not defined around the present
congestion problems, but the ones we are fearing the most which are
anticipated future ones. Is that copacetic?

Supervisor Simitian: I'm right there with you. I got it, and I'm right there
with you.

Council Member Burt: Good. One thing that came up this last year is we've
been struggling to locate sites for our new police building, and one of the
areas was parking lots in the California Avenue area. We had a brief
discussion around the County Courthouse land. I think the perception is to
some degree it's underutilized. The question was, was there any potential
for a shared use of that land without trying to define what that is. Maybe it
would be the City build a parking structure that would supply parking for
both the County and the City on that land, or something along those lines.
The response at the time was that that was kind of a non-starter in
discussions. I wanted to ask whether there may be opportunities to explore
more effective creative use of our adjacent lands and public lands and at
least exploring opportunities.

Supervisor Simitian: I don't want to over-commit, shooting from the hip
here. I'm happy to say, "Sure, happy to talk." I will say that I think as you
have been on a decade-long search for a public safety site, you may have
discovered what I have discovered, which is that one person's underutilized
site is not necessarily underutilized in the view of the people who currently
occupy it. We've got a particular challenge in the Courthouse area because
of the relationship now between the courts and the State of California which
is a little bit different than it was, say, 15 or 20 years ago. There are some
challenges there that are real. The last thing I would say is we haven't
talked about it a lot. We probably actually will talk about it a little bit more
in the next six months. The offices that are directly across from the
Courthouse, just off California Avenue, have been remodeled and are now

                                                                         Page 18 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
