                             MINUTES
the policy and present them for Council review. Those incremental steps
over the next three years would allow the Council to discuss fees.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff would present the policy
contained in Attachment F with revisions for Council adoption.

Mr. Rossmann indicated Staff would present the policy to the Council for
adoption and implement it thereafter.

Council Member Berman believed Staff presented a good draft policy.
Different elements of the policy could conflict. The Council could prioritize
fees based on the total amount of fees paid each year or based on the
change Staff proposed. He would support a policy allowing the City Manager
to waive certain planning fees if the City Manager reported to the Council
after the fact regarding time sensitive issues.

Mr. Rossmann wanted to include that provision within the policy if the
Council concurred. For FY 2016, Staff would outline fees proposed for
deletion, new fees, and any fee which would increase more than 3.6 percent.

Council Member Berman inquired whether Staff had a multiyear plan to align
fees with the proper recovery levels.

Mr. Rossmann responded yes. The City should not be charging all the fees,
but a discussion of which fees to eliminate would be lengthy.

Council Member Berman asked if some fees would be adjusted more than
3.6 percent in the FY 2016 Proposed Budget.

Mr. Rossmann answered yes.      Some fees would be new and some would
have a higher change.

Council Member Berman encouraged Staff to present in the FY 2016
Proposed Budget any fees that obviously needed changing.

Mayor Holman recalled that Staff assured the Council in 2014 that some fees
would be addressed in the FY 2016 Proposed Budget. One was the Alma
Plaza Community Room, and the other was the return of low-income
community garden fees. She did not find either one of those fees on the list.
She hoped they would be addressed in the FY 2016 Proposed Budget.

Mr. Rossmann explained that the issue of the Alma Plaza Community Room
was presented to the Policy and Services Committee. The Finance
Committee could propose a subsidy for community gardeners.

Mayor Holman requested clarification of the Alma Plaza Community Room.

04/06/2015                                                            117- 163
