                          TRASNCRIPT
Marianne Wu. I'm not sure yet who I'll vote for on that. For me, it's those
top two.

Council Member Burt: I just want to echo that these are great candidates,
and we really want to see these candidates continue to ask to be considered
for future openings on the Utilities Commission, but also for other
community involvement. It's great when we see especially some people that
we haven't known at all before, and say, "Wow. What capable people," and
that they're interested in engaging the community. We have to figure out
ways to take advantage of that. I also found Mark Harris very capable,
Bhusan Gupta. I was very impressed with both Marianne Wu and Arne
Ballantine, as well as Hilary Gans. Tim Gray brings accounting experience,
and Jim Baer brought a wealth of commitment to sustainability in our
community. I was torn between a wealth of great candidates, but I found
Arne Ballantine to be really intriguing in bringing some exceptional
capabilities. He'll be my first choice.

Council Member Filseth: Like everybody else here, this was a really, really
hard thing for me, because we had a plethora of very, very qualified
candidates. I mean, we had 11 or something like that. Most of them would
be a valuable add to the UAC as it is. That said, my top four, I had a very
hard time choosing between—it was the same as Council Member Scharff's.
Ultimately, my leaning is toward Mr. Ballantine who's system view and grasp
of the future of the energy business, I thought, were extremely compelling.

Mayor Holman: I appreciate my colleagues participating in this, which is not
what our usual process is, and appreciate the public's indulgence with us
taking a little bit more time. I just want to specifically emphasize that we
could pretty much double the size of the UAC with the quality of candidates
that we had in this application period. It's remarkable; it is stunning; and it
is so appreciated. It is a reflection of our community, the interest in
engagement and also the expertise that members of this community bring
forward. I had four, five, maybe six people that I really found very
interesting. On this particular occasion, my comments actually go with
Council Member Wolbach just because there were so many that were so
qualified and stated their cases so well and articulated their interest and
expertise in the area of utilities. I will be voting for Marianne Wu. With
that, please fill out your ballots and put them up for the Clerk, please. While
the Clerk is calculating those votes, we'll move to Agenda Changes,
Additions and Deletions.

First Round of voting for one position on the Utilities Advisory Commission
with a term ending April 30, 2018:


                                                                        Page 35 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
