                          TRANSCRIPT
when it's really cold and you go out of the house, just take a minute and be
cold. Ask yourself what it feels like. It's quite disagreeable. I think that we
could manage. These are not mentally ill people. They are not criminals.
They are people who simply have been priced out of the market. I think we
can do something about it. Another change that's happened is the Council
has been a little bit more determined to keep their aesthetic ideals of what
makes a nice-looking, little town and not to have gigantic buildings. I would
like to suggest that when a person does come in with his gigantic,
humongous project that's clearly not suitable even though he was at one
time given the impression that it would do, no, don't agree that it should be
done just because somebody else once said he could do it. Take an attitude
a little bit more humble and a little bit more helpful. Say to that person,
"We know that you thought you could do this. We're sorry, but you can't do
it. How can we help you? Can we send somebody over? Can we shorten
your times? How can we help you make something that is agreeable and
suits the aesthetics of the town?" Thanks very much. Bye-bye. Happy New
Year.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have one more speaker under Oral
Communications, Richard Brand.

Richard Brand: Good evening all. Richard Brand, 281 Addison. I thought
that the commentary about the Council is well put, but I think I also want to
say Staff. I've had the pleasure of working with Staff this year, with Jim and
his group and some of the people via phone calls. Poor Mike Sartor; I've
called and said, "I've got to have my street cleaned." That's just some of
the response that we get here. I'd also like to say that our City Staff does a
wonderful job. I think they deserve a round of applause too because it's a
tough job. You're never right as we said. Thank you, guys. The other thing
too, my buddy up there in the booth, Vince Larkin, KZSU does a wonderful
job of donating their airtime for this. I've got my Rose Bowl hat on.
Wisconsin 4 years ago—we've had 3 out of 4 years of Stanford going to the
Rose Bowl, our local team. I love amateur football; I'm not a big fan of
professional. I think we're lucky to have that included. I really want to
thank Vince and the group for doing the broadcasts.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That concludes Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

3.    Approval of Action Minutes for the November 30, 2015 Council
      Meeting.

Mayor Holman: With that, we move to Approval of Minutes. Those would be
the Minutes of November 30. Looking for a Motion please.
                                                                       Page 16 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
