                          TRANSCRIPT
Mary Kear: Hello, Council Members. Hello, Mayor Holman. I'm Mary Kear.
I'm the vice president of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Residents
Association. Thank you for your interest in taking the next step to preserve
Buena Vista. We are very grateful. I kindly request that you please match
the County's set aside of $14.5 million in funds for Buena Vista. The
residents of the park are ingrained in the Palo Alto community. Our kids
attend the schools. We work in the area businesses. Preserving the park for
its current residents and for affordable housing will forever keep Palo Alto a
place of inclusion and diversity and economic prosperity. It is not only the
children, but it is Palo Alto's blue collar work force. Hundreds and hundreds
of Palo Altans support preserving the park. They've written letters, attended
rallies and spoken to you before. You can rest assured you are doing this
with the community's backing. Will all those supporting the Council vote to
match the funds set aside by the County please rise? Thank you. Thank
you for listening. We appreciate it.

Gail Price: Good evening. I'm Gail Price, and I'm a member of the
Community Working Group Board. Joining me are many members of the
Board.      We are an organization behind the Opportunity Center, Alma
Gardens and 801 Alma, all offering affordable housing to families and
individuals in Palo Alto who would otherwise be at risk of homelessness. We
are community leaders, including former elected officials, professors,
community activists, business and nonprofit leaders, architects, community
planners and clergy. In Palo Alto and the region, there is a documented
shortage of low and very low income housing. Housing and services enable
community members to have safe, productive and meaningful lives with
dignity and hope. We urge you to adopt the Staff recommendation to direct
the City Manager to identify and set aside a total of $14.5 million in
affordable housing funds to match the County funds designated for the
preservation of affordable housing at Buena Vista.          Help facilitate the
purchase and upgrade of the site. We believe that this action is the only
alternative to achieve this goal. Your actions will help assure that the Buena
Vista residents can remain in Palo Alto. You have been elected to make a
difference and to be responsible and thoughtful stewards of our community,
stressing fairness, social and economic opportunity and inclusion.            A
significant number of community members and over 40 current and former
Palo Alto elected officials and many organizations including but not limited to
Community Working Group, Palo Alto Forward, Palo Altans for Sensible
Zoning, the Palo Alto Weekly and the San Jose Mercury News have
demonstrated their support. In all my years as a Palo Alto elected official, I
have never seen the kind of unanimity of support on any issue, the
protection and preservation of affordable housing and support for Buena
Vista residents. It is not only the right thing to do but it also has the least
political risk of any issue I can remember. It demonstrates that Palo Altans
                                                                         Page 13 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
