                          TRANSCRIPT
argue both ways. You could argue either way. In both cases it protects
you, protects you from rain and wind and cold. It might also protect you
from harming yourself when you're not capable of making rational choices.
There could be an argument for wanting to have very inflexible Zoning
Codes with no exceptions at all. We do have other options as were
mentioned before, so I won't go into those. Another key issue, who's in
charge? Are developers in charge or is the community in charge or at least
the community's representatives, the Council?           If we do consider
reintroducing PCs, I absolutely feel that intrinsic benefits are a must and
extrinsic or cash benefits just won't fly. I'm intrigued by Council Member
Burt's idea of an ad hoc committee that would come back with either specific
reforms or perhaps a recommendation to eliminate in, say, six months or a
year. That might actually dovetail to what Council Member Berman was
discussing. I'll try and wrap up here pretty quick. On the question of Staff/
Council/PTC interaction, there's been a lot talked about that this evening.
There's been a lot talked about that in the press. I think it's really
important. I am grateful to see, I believe, the two newest and, I think, also
the youngest members of the PTC both here, staying through this
conversation. You've taken a lot of heat. Some of it I think is fair, some of
it I'm not so sure. I appreciate you being here. I appreciate the work that
you put in. I strongly disagree with the recommendations that came from
the PTC. I don't think they match where this Council's at. I think you've
heard that. My question's actually for Staff. When is our next joint session
with the PTC? If we don't have one scheduled real soon, I think it might be
good to schedule one coming up soon, so that we can recalibrate our
relationship with the PTC. We've heard the representative from the PTC
tonight, Commissioner Fine, talk about how useful this has been and how
he'll take our comments back to the PTC. I want to continue to build upon
that, so we can kind of restore the trust between our groups.

Mr. Lait: There is no joint session currently scheduled.

Council Member Wolbach: I think we should think about getting one
scheduled pretty soon. I think that would be very useful for everybody. At
the same time, I don't have a problem with the PTC coming up with
recommendations that are different from where we stand. I think it's useful
to get devil's advocacy. I think it's very useful. As I said, I don't agree with
what the devil advocated this time.

Council Member Filseth: I think the one thing that's really clear from this
whole process has been that the push to bring back PCs and in some ways
expand them, the push for this hasn't come from the community. I think
one of the speakers said PCs were divisive. If anything, it looks to me like
they're more of a unifying kind of thing. If there are divisions over them,
                                                                          Page 66 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
