                          TRANSCRIPT
hopefully we're done, or 6 or whatever it is. I'm glad Karen mentioned the
letter from the public on the grade crossings. The other mention there was
on TMA and if we are going to start to fund shuttles or other infrastructure
even non-infrastructure. I think we need to get more active leadership in
the TMA if that comes about. That was it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: This kind of leads me back to where I started
with this question of project management.           Again, I don't want to
micromanage from the dais. I'm certainly not in a position to say you should
hire this person, you should that person, you should create these spots or
not, here's how to change the culture. Again, we're setting the direction.
We set priorities. We occasionally make selections based on choices that
you give us when it rises to that level, and we provide a level of oversight. I
think that's true for everything we do on Council. Clearly, this is a priority
for us. Again, as I mentioned before, we look to you on Staff to tell us what
you think is the right approach to what you need to make sure it happens, to
fulfill our priority. I think you've heard that making sure that our project—
not that we've done a bad job in the past. Because it's so important and we
are biting off so much over the next few years, it is a huge priority. This is
just adding on to that, adding some color to the priority that we had this
past year and that I expect will continue in the coming year. We're just
looking to you to tell us what you think in your professional expertise. Jim,
bringing your experience from Berkeley, and Ed, your experience from San
Jose, to tell us what you think is the best way to ensure that we have
everything we need, including reminding us when we need to do a better job
in our culture up here to be more decisive and to be more supportive when
appropriate.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: The Mayor triggered a couple of thoughts in my
head. The first one was about Byxbee Park. I also wanted to support the
notion that Byxbee Park has been promised to the public for—I don't know—
30 years, eventually? I would like to see us move forward on Byxbee Park.
I recognize there are Staff constraints on resources. Then again, if there are
ways to deal with that, I think Byxbee Park would be something that would
be nice to move forward earlier. On the other hand, I also would like to
see—I was going to ask you if you were going to do this. Are you going to
bring forward to us an updated plan? Has Parks and Rec gone through and
updated the plan for Byxbee Park? Are you going to bring us to that? This
is a significant—this is maybe the biggest significant new park that we're
going to be building and probably will build in Palo Alto's history on an

                                                                         Page 29 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
