                            MINUTES
Ms. Stump reported the language would be sufficient if the Council enacted a
permanent ordinance before the legal entitlement was granted.

Mayor Holman inquired whether the correct language was pipeline projects
that did not have applications for planning entitlements on file.

Ms. French responded yes.

Council Member Wolbach believed the Council was discussing three separate
things:   an urgency ordinance, an interim ordinance, and permanent
changes. He inquired whether there was a distinction between urgency and
interim.

Ms. Stump explained that the Council intended to utilize the urgency
procedure to enact a short-term change for 45 days and then, if necessary,
22 months.

Council Member Wolbach understood an urgency ordinance was different
from an interim ordinance.

Ms. Stump advised it was. The first part of the Motion was to follow it up
with an identical ordinance using regular ordinance procedures, which
Council Member Wolbach referred to as an interim ordinance. The Motion
accomplished the interim ordinance and zoning changes in one ordinance,
which was acceptable for the purposes of Council direction.

Council Member Wolbach suggested bifurcating the Motion or separating the
text of the Motion into two paragraphs.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the word “interim” be changed to “urgency”
in the first sentence.

Council Member Wolbach suggested language regarding pipeline projects be
moved to the first paragraph.

Council Member Scharff disagreed, because that language would be utilized
in the second ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach explained that an interim or urgency ordinance
was expected to be effective for one or two years while the Council
developed more complex and nuanced plans for expansion and protection of
retail throughout Palo Alto. Pipeline projects were related to more urgent
issues. He suggested moving language regarding pipeline projects to the
first portion of the Motion.


04/06/2015                                                           117- 198
