                         TRANSCRIPT
this which is much appreciated—would have to do with what's best for our
region as well in this review. I just want to make sure that that's inclusive
of the Context Sensitive Solutions, and that was the intention of some of
that comment.

Mr. Gordon: I happen to think that's the right approach. Whether we can
continue to maintain a commitment and guarantee that High Speed Rail
does that, I can't guarantee you at the moment. That's certainly something
that I believe is a best approach.

Mayor Holman: Thank you also on your work to try to get grade separations
included in the funding. Last area that I wanted to ask about is kind of two-
fold. It has to do with the Housing Element revisions and the policy
committee that's been set up, the Policy and Practices Advisory Group.
What's the best approach to advocating with that group, what's the best
inroad? There are things that you've heard me talk about for a number of
years, how we lose housing units, we don't get credit for trying to save
housing units by rezoning or extending affordability covenants, that sort of
thing. Thank you again for your work on getting the mixed-use housing
units included. What's the best way to approach and advocate with that
entity and really push that this is for housing units? It's not just about
creation of new housing units.       What's the best approach from your
perspective?

Mr. Gordon: Let me take this opportunity to introduce my new district
director, Andrew Berthelsen. What I want to do is get Andrew connected
with you and with City Staff as to exactly how to get input into that
commission and how the City and you could have some impact on that.

Mayor Holman: Thank you with that. The related part of this is I was
actually rather surprised recently to learn that Santa Clara County has the
highest number of unhoused veterans of any county in the nation. I was
really very shocked to learn that. Part of that has to do with housing units,
and part of it has to do with social services. There's a lot of veterans maybe
especially but the unhoused community as a whole suffers from not having
funding for social services. Our State has been low in that regard for many
years, decades actually. Is there any opportunity to try to increase funding
that we could employ or deploy actually to help with the unhoused
populations?

Mr. Gordon: Historically the State has taken the position that veterans
issues are Federal; therefore, we coordinate with the Federal government,
but we don't get that involved.      I think that there's a difference in
perspective on that now in Sacramento, partially due to just the huge

                                                                       Page 19 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
