                         TRANSCRIPT
backyards are a private extension of our indoor living space. This is
achieved through a one-story design with floor-to-ceiling glass windows and
doors facing our yards. The intense development pressures facing Palo Alto
put these aspects of our mid-century modern neighborhoods at risk. When
Eichlers are replaced, it's often with a larger, two-story home in an
incompatible architectural style that looks down on the indoor/outdoor living
spaces of neighboring Eichler homes, diminishing greatly valued privacy.
Some of us owners of Eichler and other mid-century modern homes are
looking for ways to protect our neighborhoods from these development
pressures. We'd like to ask the City of Palo Alto to recognize that there is a
community value in preserving the City's mid-century modern heritage.
Where a neighborhood is willing and interested, please work with us to
achieve that protection. The only provision that Palo Alto has today to
protect neighborhoods like these is the single-story overlay zone. Several
Eichler neighborhoods are currently preparing petitions to the City to apply
for this zoning change which would prevent two-story houses. The process
involves a lot of volunteer time and legwork as we talk to neighbors to
explain the issues and ask for their support. In addition, the City charges
fairly high fees to apply for this zoning change, starting at around $8,000 or
more I hear. These fees are a significant impediment to neighborhoods who
want single-story protection. As our mid-century modern neighborhoods are
an important part of our City's heritage, preserving them is in the City's
interest. Thus, we would like to ask the City to either waive or significantly
reduce the fees charged for a single-story overlay application.             In
considering this request, please also consider that due to the intense
development pressure the City is facing, we see this as an emergency
response, not unlike the recent ruling to protect ground-floor retail. Thank
you for your consideration, and we hope to gain your support.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members. Last month you took an
action regarding your meetings minutes. In the past you had sense minutes
which were then placed on the Council's agenda for approval. One of the
arguments made was that you had action minutes being prepared while the
meeting's going on. In fact, I believe you may actually receive action
minutes of meetings. Since that time, there's been no minutes approval on
your agenda; although, I don't recall any changes being made to your
procedures removing minutes approval.         Some of the information you
received at that time were that other legislative bodies only produced action
minutes. I had some time this afternoon to look at the internet sites for the
various bodies in this County that were easy to access in terms of their
agendas. They all approve their minutes on their agendas. They don't have
them just disappear or just be sent to Council Members. I would hope that
you would correct this. What happens when you approve minutes at a
meeting which are then verified and attested to by the presiding officer and
                                                                       Page 29 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
