                         TRANSCRIPT
was intended, what was unintended and gather additional data basically to
inform us on that, and finally to give greater opportunity to look at where
we want to align with other cities on both timing of steps and elements of
the program.        Also, just to clarify, what we ended up doing is
recommending the long-term $15 goal by 2018 as a goal, not at this time
as a plan. We'll be going into those additional discussions to really flesh
out what would be a well-thought out plan going forward. I would say that
the other thing, if Council Members tonight want to provide any input to the
Committee for our next meeting on this as we begin to look at these
additional considerations, we would welcome that input. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Do you (inaudible) public (inaudible)?

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. Yes, I have ten speakers from the public.
Thank you. Looks like I have 11 speakers from the public.

Paul George: Good evening. My name is Paul George. I'm Director of
Peninsula Peace and Justice Center which has been based here in Palo Alto
for 34 years this month. Back in February when you committed yourselves
to raising the minimum wage in Palo Alto, when you voted unanimously to
proceed on this issue, we thank you for that. In the meantime, no doubt
you've heard many alarming predictions about what might happen if you
did that. Jobs will be lost; workers will get fewer hours; small businesses
will have to close. Those dire predictions are wrong as has been testified
before the Committee and this Council. We have actually an excellent real-
life example from our neighbors to the south in San Jose, which raised its
minimum wage by 25 percent over two years ago. In San Jose's leisure
and hospitality industries, which is the sector where the greatest number of
low wage workers toil, the labor force increased by 3 percent in 2013 and
by 4.1 percent in 2014. Far from hurting businesses, the number of
downtown restaurants expanded by 20 percent since the increase went into
effect. Another interesting effect, the number of people seeking emergency
help from private charities has plummeted since the increase went into
effect. Now, I think you know all this, and I hope that you will indeed raise
Palo Alto's wage to $11 an hour this evening. I would really like to urge
you to give your full attention and commitment to developing the Policy and
Service Committee's proposal to continue increasing the wage until it is at
least $15 an hour by no later than 2018. As mentioned, other local city
councils have expressed a willingness to work cooperatively to raise rates in
many cities at the same time and at the same pace. We think this is a
smart way to go. It is fair to employers. It is fair to low wage workers,
and it gives local residents confidence that their city is not being used for
some kind of mad social experiment. You know what they say about good
intentions, this 15 by '18. It has been ten months since Mountain View
                                                                         Page 19 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
