                          TRANSCRIPT
said enough how much we appreciate all the hard work. Council Member
Burt mentioned earlier the importance of being ready to answer and
proactively putting out information, preemptively even, around questions
that people in the public will have, especially those who have come to this
issue late. People like myself. As an example of that issue, I'll probably ask
a couple of question which my more experienced colleagues probably
already have the answers to. This is a Study Session. If my colleagues
have thoughts on these as well, please feel free to jump in. On Cubberley,
we don't need to spend a lot of time. I'm not a huge fan of it, because of
the location being at the periphery of the City. I like that it's in my end of
town, but there are probably better things we can do with that site. We got
a pretty good answer from the City Manager before, but the Staff Report did
say that the lease renewal essentially got in the way. I was curious on that
specific aspect. What about the lease renewal got in the way of it? Policy-
wise, I'm not sure it's the best site either. I was hoping I could get a little
bit more clarity on that.

Mr. Keene: I don't know if that's a historical artifact or something else. Do
you guys know?

Council Member Wolbach: As you mentioned before, it is still a possibility,
but maybe not ideal for a variety of reasons. The Cal. Ave. region, you look
at the map of Palo Alto and you're looking at centrally located. That's
important. Obviously we have police out in the field and we have fire
stations around the City, but I do like the idea of something being not
terribly far from Cal. Ave., not terribly far from the crossroads in the middle
of Palo Alto at El Camino and Page Mill. That also brings up some of the
sites that Council Member DuBois alluded to earlier. At the risk of rehashing
these, I want to make sure I'm comfortable that we've thought more about
these; 20, 21 and 22 on the list. I'm not very familiar with this site, the
2390 El Camino Real, on the edge of College Terrace. Palo Alto Square
again, and also 2600 El Camino Real. We talked a little bit more about Palo
Alto Square. The 2390 El Camino Real and 2600 El Camino Real, how
outside the realm of possibility are those?

Mr. Eggleston: For the fact that it didn't seem to be for sale; 2390 El
Camino Real I'm talking about now. Although we hadn't set up a hard and
fast rule and said we wouldn't look at anything below a certain size, 0.8 acre
did seem to be too small. The other question was 2600 El Camino Real.
That was a location that wasn't on our original list. We had an interested
citizen put forward the idea that it might be a suitable site. It got added to
the list. In the end, because it's another Stanford-owned site, we didn't
seriously pursue it. It's an existing 1950s era building that would probably


                                                                         Page 47 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
