                             MINUTES
Council Member DuBois requested his Colleagues propose an Amendment to
capture the concerns along El Camino Way. He expressed concern about
reducing the width and limiting parking.

Mayor Holman referenced the statement in the Staff Report regarding time-
of-day parking restrictions on Maybell Avenue with additional outreach to
affected residents, and asked if that addressed Council Member DuBois'
concerns.

Council Member DuBois was concerned about El Camino Way. He inquired
about options should the community oppose that proposal.

Mr. Rodriguez was not proposing an immediate implementation of parking
restrictions on El Camino Way. Staff recommended striping changes. In the
design phase, Staff could determine whether the community was interested
in a trial period for time-of-day parking restrictions. He confirmed there were
no recommendations to remove the parking on El Camino Way.

Council Member Berman suggested an Amendment to add sharrows on the
Maybell Avenue Project from El Camino Real to Amaranta Avenue going
west. He believed the community requested having sharrows going in both
directions.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified that public comment was to extend sharrows from El
Camino Real to Donald Drive.

Council Member Berman noted sharrows were already proposed from
Amaranta Avenue to Donald Drive.

Mr. Rodriguez explained those were sharrows without textured or colored
asphalt for pedestrians.

Council Member Berman wanted sharrows in both directions from El Camino
Real to Donald Drive in addition to the shared pathway.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add consideration for sharrows going in both
directions on Maybell Avenue from El Camino Real to Donald Drive.

Council Member Burt would support the Motion. Over the last 20 years, the
City had had a significant increase in the percentage of students who biked
to school, and a significant decrease in the percentage of students who
drove to school.

Vice Mayor Schmid proposed an Amendment


01/20/2015                                                             216- 351
