                          TRANSCRIPT
participate, watch the videos and answer the questions that were involved in
the breakout sessions by going to the website paloaltocompplan.org, where
we'll have all that information posted for the next few days. Once again, we
are accepting applications until June 15th for the Comp Plan Citizen Advisory
Committee who will assist with the completion of the Comp Plan and assist
the Council as we move to the next phase. The applications are also
available online at that Comp Plan website. In the spirit of great visits
related to Sister Cities, last week in a very quickly assembled trip we had a
visit from Oaxaca's Fire Chief Manuel Maza who met with some Members of
the Council and the Mayor in what sounded like a whirlwind, several-day
visit to our area. Our Staff had sent a letter to Chief Maza about a fire
engine and ambulance that were being taken out of service and were
available as surplus vehicles for our Sister City community of Oaxaca. In a
tradition started by Neighbors Abroad, over the years we have sent nine
vehicles from Palo Alto to Oaxaca over the past decade and last year
together celebrated our 50th anniversary as Sister Cities. In the past, we've
done private fundraising to cover the cost of transferring the vehicles and
getting them down to Oaxaca. This year in record time Neighbors Abroad
organized a fundraising event at Tacolicious Friday evening with initial funds
of $4,000 coming in to help with getting that rescue vehicle to Oaxaca. Bob
Wenslaw and Marian Mandel from Neighbors Abroad did a great job
organizing the event with very little time. We certainly appreciate their
efforts on behalf of our Sister City Oaxaca. A Business Registry update. As
of this afternoon, we have 1,466 businesses who have completed online
Business Registry, accounting for approximately 32,000 employees. We
have made some revisions to our estimates of the number of businesses and
think at this point this represents about 30 percent of the estimated number
of companies in Palo Alto subject to the Registry. Staff is preparing an
information report to Council regarding our efforts during the first 90 days.
It will be available in the packet this Thursday for your meeting that will be
held on Monday, June 15th.         Our City is participating with 12 other
communities to offer our residents a new solar group-buy program,
Peninsula SunShares, which pools the buying power of participants who
volunteer allowing the solar industry to offer more competitive pricing for
those wanting to install solar. Enrollment is available for a limited time only,
but the deadline was recently extended to the end of July. We are pleased
to announce that Palo Alto is leading the region in the number of
enrollments, 187 households so far, accounting for 45 percent of the total
participation in this program in the region. For more information on the
program, interested residents can go to the City's website at
cityofpaloalto.org/solar. Two other notices. Last Thursday with the Mayor's
assistance, we accepted Acterra's prestigious Sustainability Award on behalf
of the City Council, Staff and our community. As you recall, the City of Palo
Alto is recognized for our large number of leading-edge programs on the
                                                                         Page 25 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
