                         TRANSCRIPT
solutions. I know the HRC has done some great things with the problems of
homeless. I know that they've been involved in that.

Council Member Burt: As a comment, unlike most of our other Boards and
Commissions, the HRC actually has some broad latitude to take their own
initiatives. Just for reference.

Council Member DuBois: There was a question on the application that said if
you're appointed, what specific goals would you have. You asked a bunch of
questions back. You didn't state any goals. Do you have some goals you'd
like to...

Ms. Smith: I don't have a preexisting agenda, to be frank.

Council Member DuBois: You asked the question should we advocate for
Buena Vista residents. Do you have an answer?

Ms. Smith: Yes. I think definitely. I was late to the Policy and Services
Committee where unanimously you all agreed to go for $10 an hour for an
increase in the minimum wage. I'm not sure that that came out of the
Human Relations Commission. In fact, I'm pretty sure it didn't. A living
wage in the City of Palo Alto is something which I would have been
advocating for. It seems to me it's very difficult to live in Palo Alto or to
work in Palo Alto if you have to commute out of Palo Alto. If you're a low
income person who happens to have a job, you're going to spend all your
money on car fare or bus fare to get home. There's not enough money at
$10, and there's not enough money at $15. I would like to have heard a
discussion of the living wage. I think you guys have done a great step one,
but I would be a pressure point because I think we have to look carefully at
who lives in Palo Alto and who has an opportunity to perhaps help others
who contribute to Palo Alto but not necessarily live in Palo Alto.

Mayor Holman: I have one question. Thank you for applying. I have one
question which is around our social service organizations. We have a broad
spectrum of those organizations, and I don't know if you've watched the
Budget process and how the HRC goes through that budgeting process and
Budget allocations for those organizations. Is there any that you think, for
instance, that the HRC is not recommending over another or should be?

Ms. Smith: I can't answer that question, because I don't know. I know that
in some instances I have been asked by members of the Human Relations
Commission in the past, can you give to Catholic Social Services, for
example, when certain values might not be equally shared. I happen to
think that Catholic Social Services is one of the most amazing organizations
in the county. I'm deeply involved in Assembly Bill AB 109 and the prison
                                                                        Page 3 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
