                          TRANSCRIPT
minimalist community. We have five libraries. We have remarkable parks
and open spaces.       We have the Junior Museum and Zoo.          We have
Cubberley, which is home to artists and nonprofits, and itself needs
renovation. That's a different topic for a different night. This is a prime
example of the need for investment in a resource that thousands of people
have benefited from over the past 40, 38, 39 years, and clearly thousands
more will benefit from moving forward. You guys know much better than I
do that the space doesn't fit our community, and it doesn't fit our needs.
I've heard and it's been said that a budget and how we spend our resources
is a reflection of our values. I think it must be clear that we say tonight
unequivocally that we value our senior population, we value our not-quite-
senior population that will be seniors throughout the life of this asset of
Avenidas and the fantastic improvements that you guys are planning. I
support it unequivocally. We used different funding mechanisms in the past
for the Palo Alto History Museum. I see no reason why we wouldn't do the
same here. No offense to that project, but this project is better and more
deserving and will impact more residents on a daily basis. I'm glad it's come
before us tonight. Thank you all for showing up. I look forward to
supporting it, and I hope it's a unanimous approval. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I also enthusiastically support this proposal for a
lot of the reasons Council Member Berman said.                Investing in our
infrastructure like this is one of the best things we can do in our community.
We spend so much money on other things. Here's a tangible response that
you all say that will benefit so many members of our community. If we
don't invest, things like Avenidas actually fade away. You starting seeing
people dropping away and not joining. People may say you only have so
many members, etc. If you do this, you'll see so many more members. I
actually am reminded a little bit of the JCC. When it was up where Terman
was, they had so many members. Now with this new facility, look how
many members and how successful and what they add to the community. I
don't think there's a better use of funds we could do than support this. I
think I want to address two other points. First is I want to address the City
Manager's comment that we're over-collecting and under-billing. I strongly
agree with that, but I think it's a huge mistake to think that we actually have
additional money. Since 2013 in which we did the Infrastructure Plan,
construction costs have gone up over 30 percent. We actually probably have
a 30-percent shortfall, because we didn't build in a contingency when we did
the Infrastructure Plan. When we go to build that Public Safety Building, I
think you're going to be shocked at how much it actually costs. I don't
perceive that we have all this money to do that. Now, the other thing I want
to say is on the issue of TDRs. As a Council, I believe we fully supported
                                                                       Page 81 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
