                         TRANSCRIPT
shortly to indicate that that money was available again. This is the same
category of money that we're talking about tonight. If the two of you, the
maker and the seconder, would accept this, I would add a "C" which would
say—if you need it. I'm going to look at you, Jim, and ask if it's needed—to
reach out to the Board of Supervisors through Sylvia and ask when this will
be available. It is available now, and it will be a question of how soon is it
available to us. If you want that in the motion, that's fine. Otherwise, you
can simply ask Staff to go forth.

Council Member Burt: I don't think we need it in the motion.

Mayor Holman: Josh.

Mr. Mello: I just need a little bit of clarity on "B." Are we now saying that
East Meadow is the preferred alternative?

Council Member Burt: No.

Council Member Scharff: No.

Mayor Holman: Can we do one thing? Let's stick with "C" right at the
moment. We can go back to "B" if you want.

Council Member Burt: Council Member Kniss, I don't think it needs to be in
the motion. I think you're right that our Staff should engage and find out
those answers. I don't think we have to put it in a motion.

Council Member Kniss: I don't care if it's in the motion, but I really want us
to find out.

Council Member Burt: "C" doesn't have to be there. Agreed. Josh had a
question on the intent of "B." I think actually what we're looking for—maybe
we put this up above in ... Maybe the clearest way to do it is we're wanting
you to look at three different scenarios. Up above in the main motion, after
the word "evaluate" maybe a semi-colon and delete the word "both," and
then "a hybrid" becomes the new "A," and the others become "B" and "C."
The word "both" will be dropped. Josh, to answer you. We're interested in
evaluating all three and potentially supporting two, maybe more. Who
knows? Council Member Wolbach is pointing out that under the "A" where it
says "and in parallel," drop the "C." I'm sorry, wait a minute. I was getting
all confused. Cory's right. After the "usable," we should drop that down and
that becomes "B." Drop the word "and" and also even "in parallel."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “in parallel.”

                                                                           Page 45 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
