                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: My whole question is for the maker of the motion
that we've now been at for quite an hour and 10 minutes. I'm looking at the
page that ends with a signature from Jon Foster. On that page in the
middle, it says direct Staff to evaluate the option of offering a City-owned
FTTP network to all households and businesses as a public benefit. Is that
what "A" means to you? Is it the same thing?

Council Member DuBois: Not precisely.

Council Member Kniss:       Do you want the word "adoption" in there rather
than Staff to look at it?

Council Member DuBois: I think not precisely. I kind of meant what I said.
I think "A" and "G" together get to a lot of what Jon was saying in that
letter. I think "A," a preferred alternative of the City owning the fiber and
reaching nearly all residents, is a big part of what he's saying. "G,"
exploring the muni-owned model with contractors (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss:     You see these as not dissimilar, correct?
Somewhere in there—although it says we adopt this, somebody at the Staff
has to do this.

Council Member DuBois: I guess the main difference—again, I think it was
said earlier what is meant by a public benefit. I didn't address that. I don't
think I incorporated it.

Council Member Kniss: I would like to see that in there. I think one of the
better arguments made was by Jim Fleming who said that they want to look
at this as being able to contrast the public benefit with the public cost.

Mayor Holman:       Council Member Kniss, do you have an amendment
potential?

Council Member Kniss: Pardon me?

Mayor Holman: Do you have an amendment to offer?

Council Member Kniss: I don't know as I'd offer an amendment. I want to
make sure there's clarity in this, because we've now done too many
amendments and too many word changes.                 If you see that that's a
possibility of putting the public benefit in there as well, I would add that.

                                                                       Page 75 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
