                          TRANSCRIPT
and how it can be more effective by working together as a network. I would
love to see bus service improved not just as a low-end version, where buses
are a low-end product and a train is a high-end product, but as part of a
transportation network that works altogether for all people to provide
excellent, climate friendly transportation. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. You've all become very good at timing your
comments. Bringing it back to Council, Council Member Filseth. Let's try to
do three minutes apiece as well.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Can I ask a question? On the
last two measures, A and B, looks to me like they raised about 4.6 billion or
something like that. Between 4 and 5 billion, right?

Mr. Guardino: There are four measures. The 1984 measure raised locally
about 1.4 billion. The 1996 measure raised locally about 1.9 billion. The
2000 measure started in 2006, and it'll run through 2036. It's estimated
that it'll raise about 7 billion.

Council Member Filseth: Were you guys able to get sort of supplemental
money from the Feds and the State for those?

Mr. Guardino: First, bless you to whomever that was. Yes, we attracted or
are in the process of attracting 3-4 billion in regional, State and Federal
funds by having the local match.

Council Member Filseth:       Got it.   Like, another 25 or 30 percent or
something like that, right?

Mr. Guardino: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to try to be, like, really high level, over
simplified, big picture. We're talking 30, 40 years here, so it's long-term
stuff. First of all, I mean it clearly makes sense to expand BART in San Jose.
When you look at transportation infrastructure in the region, San Jose, you
guys have Amtrak, you've got light rail, you've got Caltrain, and you've got
BART. Here on the Peninsula, we've got just Caltrain and it's full. If you
believe that concentrating economic growth where there's transportation,
then it's obvious that you ought to invest in the South Bay. That's a no
brainer. The challenge we've got on the Peninsula is that we're a narrow
corridor here that's 40 miles long and 2 miles wide, with the Bay on one side
and the Foothills on the other. It's a crappy layout to build a city around,
but that's what it is. There's only one way to do mass transit here, which is
to run a train straight up the spine. That's exactly what Caltrain does. Basic
geometry tells you the Peninsula's going to be dependent on Caltrain for
                                                                       Page 72 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
