                         TRANSCRIPT
total subject less of just under 2,900 have registered for the Business
Registry. The complete list of those registered will be available soon on our
Open Data page which is data.cityofpaloalto.org. As I started to mention
earlier, Staff will be returning to Policy and Services Committee on
December 15th to discuss next steps on the Business Registry as we gear up
for Year 2 which will begin officially in March 2016. An update on the
Transportation Management Association initiative directed by Council. The
Transportation Management Association Steering Committee—TMA consists
primarily of local employers—including the City has been busy this year
working on the formation of a Downtown TMA with a goal of reducing single
occupant vehicle use in the Downtown. In addition to the commute survey
undertaken in May, the group has discussed potential funding sources, a
variety of rideshare pilot programs and a preferred structure for formation of
the TMA. The group voted in November to incorporate as a 501(c)(3) and to
have the Silicon Valley Community Foundation act as a fiscal sponsor to
collect monies on behalf of the organization. At the December meeting, the
Steering Committee will be considering the Board Member structure for the
TMA and potential funding sources. Several Downtown employers have
already unofficially committed funds to support programs that will provide
transportation alternatives for employees, particularly lower-wage
employees. Our City Staff will be reviewing the proposed Bylaws and
Articles of Incorporation for the TMA and will be requesting that the TMA
submit an annual report to the City each fiscal year. The TMA will be official
essentially upon filing the Articles of Incorporation with the State. Currently
our Staff anticipates this will happen in January or February of the new year.
In the first quarter of 2016, we'll be returning to City Council with an update
on the TMA's formation activities and with actions related to use of funds
budgeted in FY '16 for TMA pilots and other potential directives from the
Council as it applies directly to the City. The Council has received a lot of
correspondence of late after the tragic accident at I280 and Page Mill
interchange area. I did want to report that on November 16th, our Staff
attended a meeting hosted by the County of Santa Clara Roads and Airports
Department to discuss interim and long-range plans for safety and
operational improvements at 280 at Page Mill interchange. The meeting was
also attended by staff from CalTrans and the town of Los Altos Hills. The
group reviewed the long-range plan which is in the project development
phase and a set of interim signing and striping improvements which the
County is looking at installing within the next year. Since that meeting, our
Staff has reviewed plans for those interim improvements and has put
together a set of comments for submittal to the County. Once a final
concept or a draft final concept is developed, it's anticipated the County may
seek small financial contribution from potentially our City and Los Altos Hills
in order to make interim improvements in a timely fashion. I'm not
obligating us by mentioning that. I did want to let you know that was just
                                                                           Page 68 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
