                         TRANSCRIPT
in-place value of mobile homes with the community amenities. The case
from Southern California which explicitly rejected the idea that "any
placement value arises from the value of the land and consequently belongs
entirely to the park owner." That's been rejected. You should also reject
that idea. The park owner also attacks the Ordinance in general as illegal.
The Ordinance was adopted in 2001 and has not been amended since. The
statute of limitations to challenge that has run sometime ago. If there were
any alleged spot zoning, the statute of limitations on that was 6 months. A
challenge to the Ordinance as a whole, which is called a facial challenge to
the Ordinance, the statute of limitations on that was 2 years. Those have
both run sometime ago. In any event, a facial challenge to this Ordinance is
unlikely to succeed. The park owner cites some general takings cases in
their brief, but no cases standing for the idea that this Ordinance would be
unconstitutional. In fact, there are multiple courts in Southern California
which have found such laws constitutional and said they do advance a
legitimate public purpose, which is the standard for a land-use ordinance like
this. There's one from Carson and one from Malibu. Another point, this
Council should not and cannot defer to Mr. Labadie's conclusions. The
standard of review here is de novo, which is one of these legalisms we
lawyers like so much. It simply means, looking at a legal dictionary, that
the decision maker "is deciding the issues without reference to the legal
conclusions or assumptions made by the previous court to hear the case."
This Council cannot abdicate its role in deciding these important issues by
deferring to Mr. Labadie as the park owner suggests. In conclusion, a new
appraisal is obviously needed, whether by starting afresh, as we believe
should be done, or through the peer review process suggested by Staff.
We've expressed our view that the methodology was faulty and Council
agreed. To have this critical job done with the confidence of the Council and
the community, we need a new appraiser. Even in the much lower stakes of
a single-family home deal, it's common for a seller or buyer to ask for a
second opinion when evaluation seems off. Surely in this context, this is
warranted. It's critical that Council not green light the closure until it
actually knows what it is approving. Since the processes discussed above
may take several months, the park owner should not be allowed to issue a
6-month closure notice until after they are concluded. Thus, Council should
not approve the closure even conditionally tonight. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: We move now to the park owner's representative. To
clarify, there is no rebuttal this evening. Just the 10-minute presentations
by each party.

Margaret Nanda, Attorney for Jisser Family: Good evening, Mayor Holman
and Council. I'm Margaret Nanda on behalf of the park owner who is the
Jisser family. The City Attorney's Office has already received the park
                                                                       Page 13 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/26/15
