                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: No, we're talking about that now.

Ms. Figone: (crosstalk) our recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Pardon?

Ms. Figone: It's our recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Your recommendation?

Ms. Egan: Yeah. The process was loosely defined in the—in fact, very
loosely defined in the Request for Proposal (RFP). We were going to go
through the process year one on a trial basis and then customize it on years
going forward. That's what we're trying to do today. I did speak with the
former consultant at length. As you may know, we're the only group that
responded to the RFP; she did not respond. She felt that that process was
really time consuming and cumbersome and not as productive as it could be.
It took just a lot of her time. There were a lot of cancellations, and it took
forever. I think if we rolled it into this process, it would be really—it would
be more expensive. It's just weighing the depth of those responses with the
efficiency of an online system. That's why we—we go with that with all of
our clients instead of in-person evaluations. The time that we do go in and
do in-person, honestly is when a Council is contemplating a transition with
their chief executive, and there are serious problems that they know about,
and they've asked us to go in as investigators in that sort of role and probe
in areas that they need to know to validate their decision to transition their
chief executive. That's the only cases that I've gone in and done these face-
to-face, in-person, probing interviews. Otherwise, it does get confusing for
the subordinate Staff to give you direction, because that is their boss. Those
conversations can be kind of awkward for the Staff. What we've tried to do
is kind of take the middle ground, so that we can get themes and give you
the information you need about the health of your organization. As Deb
mentioned, a really great best practice is to do these cultural assessment
surveys, where you test the whole organization and see the health of the
organization and the vitality.       It helps with succession planning and
development. You have a really great new Human Resources Director
coming, who does these kind of things. That might be another option to test
the health of the organization as a whole instead of just in bits and pieces as
they point to the chief executive.

Council Member Berman: Do you know any communities that—that's very
helpful. I've said in other contexts that Palo Alto is special but not that
special. We don't need to have that elevated of a process. If a direct report
wanted to give feedback in person, is there merit in adding a "check box
here if you'd like to speak to the consultant in person"?
                                                                                     Page 8 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
