                          TRASNCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, it does.

Council Member Burt: I'm not disagreeing with you on the value of the
implementation section, but I don't put them in the same category.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Burt, I think maybe Mr. Garber ...

Council Member Burt: Dan, did something come back to you?

Mr. Garber: It's a little late for things to be coming back to me. I actually
do not have a memory of taking it out. I do have a memory of discussing
it—this is now six years ago—and making recommendations with other
members of the PTC at that time. If it has been taken out, it's been done, I
think, since my time. My recollection is that was a fairly important piece;
although, it's significantly smaller. It's much more succinct and to the point
and gets into the actual implementation and use of the Plan.

Council Member Burt: Good. It sounds like it may have just been an
inadvertent omission from the Plan. The other kind of higher-level comment
I have is about the hierarchy. I do find a value in having something along
the lines of what is proposed here. I want to make sure that a hierarchy is—
I don't know. I don't think I'd describe it at a values level, but it's
something in that neighborhood. I don't want it to be confused with a
prioritization schedule where someone says, "We don't do anything on public
transit or bike infrastructure or new services until we've done absolutely
everything in safety and electricity, for instance." I think that would be real
misguided. We have to work on what we mean by this hierarchy. I think of
it as—I don't know whether it's hierarchy of importance, but certainly not a
sequence or immediacy or a trumping of everything else. I think we have to
work on the context for the hierarchy; otherwise, it can subsequently be
misconstrued.

Council Member DuBois: If I can just ask a point of process, I guess. This is
a really big area, and we have—the proposed motion is different sections.
Could we maybe go through some short rounds and knock off pieces?
Council Member Burt started with the organization of the elements. Could
we just finish that topic before we move on and maybe vote on that as a
sub-motion?

Mayor Holman: Is that agreeable to Staff? Makes sense.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if everybody has this handout at
places, but then we could tick off each of these in turn. Talk about
transportation, talk about ...

                                                                        Page 89 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
