                          TRANSCRIPT
mobile service, travel outside the boundaries of Palo Alto. To pay the City of
Palo Alto for a wireless service in the City boundaries but still have to buy a
wireless service for outside the City would mean, we think, that there is a
very small market for a paid service along these lines. Certainly, not a
market or a revenue stream that would justify the very considerable capital
and operating costs on a ubiquitous Citywide network. Finally, frankly this is
an area in which we see significant emerging competition in terms of the
mobile market. We know that there are already mobile providers in this
market including Verizon Wireless, AT&T Wireless and so on. The cable
industry is deploying wireless as an overlay to its cable footprint with the
very clear intention of competing with carrier cellular services, AT&T, Verizon
and so on. Even companies like Google are getting into the mobile business
as something called a mobile virtual network operator where Google will be
reselling Sprint and T-Mobile services on a nationwide basis. In markets
where it actually builds, it will then supplement that with Wi-Fi. The mobile
market is the most arguably competitive among communications markets in
the United States. I know that's not saying all that much, because we do
not have extraordinarily robust communications markets. To the extent that
that market is somewhat more addressed by the private sector, we would
urge extreme caution in proceeding with what would be a very costly and
high risk strategy. That is the end of the presentation.

Mayor Holman: I thank you for that. I have but two members of the public
who wish to speak to this item; although, I see some familiar faces at the
back of the room. At this point in time, we have Herb Borock, to be followed
by Bob Moss. If anybody else cares to speak to this item, please come
forward and submit a card. Herb Borock.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Good evening, Council Members.
I've submitted some correspondence to you that you have at places. I
guess I'd like to start with saying what I don't believe you should do. I don't
think you should have wireless in City parks. A survey we've had of the
public, only 10 percent want that and 45 percent did not. The ones who
wanted it are City Staff, and you have a list of all the parks that they want to
put wireless in. Another thing that you should not do is to give the Citizens
Advisory Committee oversight over whatever future reports or modifications
the consultant makes. If the report is not something that we want in the
first place, having it vetted again by a committee not chosen by the Council
I don't think is useful at all. I don't think you should do a partnership
model. What should be done is for the City to hire contractors, not have
partners. I believe the best use of the dark fiber funds and the ability to
spend future revenue through bonding capacity is to build out the dark fiber
network throughout the community to support a fiber to the premises and
                                                                         Page 19 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
