                          TRANSCRIPT
and has told me so, but I will publicly call out Jay Thorwaldson with all of his
series of articles that he did in 1971 and 1972 about the really poor state of
the ambulance services that served up and down the Peninsula. His articles
inspired a second community member Joe Carlton who took it upon himself
to pester, cajole, lobby, whatever you want to call it, the City Council. In
1974, the Council made the decision to fund a program and to send 12
paramedics under the direction of Stanford Hospital to this brand new
paramedic program. Stanford Hospital in conjunction with the City of Palo
Alto and the Fire Department, that was the first paramedic program in
northern California. It truly was a call to action. If you haven't had a
chance to look at some of the news articles that Jay has provided us, it was
shocking the deplorable state of medical care in the community. At the time
the ambulance technicians were only required to get a basic first aid card.
They had 90 days from the time of employment to get that card. What
happened was at about day 89 they would end their employment with one
ambulance company and start work at another ambulance company right
next door and the 90-day clock would start all over again. Literally, you had
these technicians that had little to no training, and they would race
oftentimes to get to calls. There was a tragic case in Sunnyvale where the
train struck and destroyed one of the ambulances that was rushing to a call.
They would compete to see who got to the call first. It was the wild west
days in the early '70s.        This next slide shows three of our original
paramedics that took the leap of faith, as I said earlier. Here's another
article that Jay had done, "Pay, Working Conditions and Training Hamper
Ambulance Service Upgrading." "Critics Say Palo Alto Needs Additional
Paramedics." These were the headlines of the day in the 1970s. As you can
see here, the community needs have changed dramatically. The incidents of
fire have gone down significantly; it represents about one to two percent of
the total call volume at the Fire Department. Whereas, Emergency Medical
Services and the needs and the future needs represent 60 percent or more
of our services. As you've probably heard me say before, these services are
disproportionately used by the seniors in our community. Seniors represent
aged 65 and over 17 percent of the total population of Palo Alto, but
represent almost 50 percent of our ambulance transports. That number will
continue to increase as our silver tsunami ages into this high-risk group.
Just in the last ten years, our Emergency Medical Services calls have
increased by 31 percent. The bottom line is that the Fire Department is
innovative; it's one of our core principles; and we will continue to change to
meet the changing needs of the community. Here's the future. Here's
where we're going. Here's some of the exciting things that are happening in
the world of paramedicine and community paramedicine. Our goal is to
eliminate or mitigate the emergencies before they ever occur.             We're
currently partnering with Avenidas and Stanford Hospital to identify some
common partnerships and areas that we can minimize the risk of our seniors
                                                                          Page 2 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
