                         TRANSCRIPT
members I recall expressing some concern about the building and its
compatibility. With respect to the alley and the wall that you would see on
the western elevation, those would be artifacts of the design as proposed.
There wasn't a lot of opportunity in the conversation with the applicant and
the ARB to develop that design scheme further. It was a one-time meeting.
The applicant's response to the Council is reflected in the plans that you
have before you. There wasn't really this give and take of design analysis.

Council Member Burt: In addressing and reducing the impacts on University
and Kipling, did the project exacerbate them on the alley?

Mr. Lait: Some of the mass of the building was pushed more toward the
corner. The overall setback and height remain the same from the alley. Let
me just glance over to my colleague if that's a correct statement. Yeah,
okay.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.         If any other Council Members have
questions or comments ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm concerned with the Council making decisions on
architectural review to issues of a special attention or context and
compatibility. A quick review of our Comp Plan. Our Comp Plan that was
approved in 1998 has a lot of terminology in there about consistency and
compatibility. I found three explicit mentions of the characterization of this.
Downtown buildings of two to three stories was the goal and setting of the
defining characteristic of the Downtown. Under the existing conditions
report we got of the Downtown, the FAR of that area is actually 1:1. It's
only through bonuses and incentives, discretion of the Council, that greater
density can arise. I think the issues brought up of massing and scale are
important to look at and to be compatible with our Comp Plan, that two to
three stories statement in the Land Use Element are very strong. Parking
has been identified by many people as an issue. This proposal states that
37 places are grandfathered.       If you look at the Downtown Parking
Assessment District, you do find the 37 places. The assessments were made
to build parking garages that added about 700 parking spaces. The total
number of grandfathered assessments are 9,000. Parking is a real problem.
Where do they park? Traffic flow is another issue. We've had three recent
traffic studies, and each one have come out by saying the cumulative model
shows on some of our key intersections grades of "F."            I think it is
appropriate that we look clearly at the intersections surrounding the
Downtown and see what the current flow of traffic is and what we're facing.
I would note that the first building of Stanford Medical Center opens this
week.


                                                                           Page 22 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
