                             MINUTES
data to determine whether the City was successfully addressing the issue or
whether programs were inclusive or discriminatory.

Mr. De Geus advised that any family who qualified for the PAUSD low-
income meal program automatically qualified for the City's low-income fee
reduction program.

Council Member Burt inquired whether families were notified of that.

Mr. De Geus answered yes.

Council Member Burt felt a survey to determine whether families were
participating to the extent they wished or whether other families were not
being captured would be worthwhile. Families who did not qualify for the
PAUSD low-income meal program might not be able to afford participation in
City programs. He requested colleagues comment on whether they would
like to have better data in order to make decisions.

Vice Mayor Schmid questioned whether the draft policy was applicable to
other areas, specifically overflow parking. The parking issue definitely
favored employers in Downtown, and it brought a cost to the neighborhood.
City policies provided maintenance of a barrier between office-centered and
residential areas. Offering free parking in the neighborhoods created more
demand. He inquired whether a user fee could be utilized to pay for parking
programs.

Mr. Rossmann reported the draft policy addressed all kinds of fees. He
understood Vice Mayor Schmid was suggesting the City charge for on-street
parking. Staff could use the policy as a starting point and return to the
Council with a suggestion of charging a fee under certain policy
considerations. As part of the FY 2016 Proposed Budget, Staff was including
a request for funding to study fees for street parking.

Vice Mayor Schmid believed it could be worthwhile to consider using the
same criteria for assessing costs on the parking issue as in other fees. This
might be a more effective way of raising funds for mitigation measures.

James Keene, City Manager, explained that the concept of the Residential
Parking Permit (RPP) Program in the Downtown area was comprised of two
phases. The first was a trial phase for six months with no cost for residents.
Once Staff obtained a sense of parking infiltration under some sort of
program, then the Council could determine costs for the RPP Program. That
discussion would be related to the Council having better information about
the impacts of costs after a pilot program.


04/06/2015                                                             117- 161
