                          TRANSCRIPT
Member supposed to choose between one versus the other if the Director of
Planning tells me they can't make a decision, it means nothing. That's fine.
Maybe it means nothing. Maybe it's irrelevant. I don't care. What does it
mean?

Ms. Gitelman: Just to clarify. It's unusual that we would like at a goal in
isolation. In general, decision makers, Planning Director and Council, will
look at the Comprehensive Plan as a whole when trying to analyze an
individual project or a proposal. A wording difference in one specific goal in
one specific element of the Comprehensive Plan is unlikely to have a
material difference on a whole slew of decisions. We don't see a major
difference between these two. It's really Council's preference. We're here
to ask tonight which is your preference, the old version or the new version.

Council Member Scharff: Putting aside Policy C-28 for the moment, because
that actually seems to be somewhat of a policy choice that we might want to
discuss. Would there be any difference—I'm not suggesting I'm going to do
this—if I said I like the current proposed PTC organization and the current
PTC goals? What would be the actual effect of that or would there be no
effect? Is it just a random choice? I mean, now you're looking at all of
those together. What policy decision am I making?

Ms. Gitelman: If you look on packet page 154, you'll see the note at the
bottom of the summary table there. We indicate that we really think that
either organizational structure will work, but the PTC's emphasis on
community health is something that really wasn't in the current version.
That's something that should be addressed either by using the PTC's version
or by adding that to the ...

Council Member Scharff: Council Member DuBois is adding that.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. He's addressing that by blending the two.

Council Member Scharff: What I'm asking you is with Council Member
DuBois' motion, is there any policy choice that we're making that's different
than what was in the way it was structured previously or is there no
difference from a policy perspective?

Ms. Gitelman: I really believe it's substantially similar. It's really a question
of preference. We're here to ask the Council (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: Can you think of a single policy choice that would
be different? I feel like I'm now playing attorney.



                                                                         Page 62 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
