                         TRANSCRIPT
would be good to have Policy and Services look at that issue before
exempting.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm also really worried about kicking the can
down the road a little too much. I would like to see us make some decisions
this evening. I think I will probably be supporting this amendment. Real
quick, I guess we might talk more about it on—actually I'll save my
comments on Airbnb in case that comes.

Mayor Holman: Please. That is not part of this amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: I will hold my comments on that for now.
Honestly, I'm tempted to just say let's scratch this Motion, just go with the
Staff recommendation except where it says return ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, that would be yet a different
Motion. We're addressing the amendment at this point. I'm sorry but ...

Council Member Wolbach: My question for colleagues, including the maker
of this amendment, is why not just scratch the whole—the Motion and this
amendment. What do they have that the original Motion didn't have if you
just change return to Council with return to Policy and Services for Phase 3?

Council Member Scharff: The answer is that I would be fine ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I would be fine with doing that, but what this does
is it sends some other things to Policy and Services. That's effectively what
it does. I had no real—if they want to talk about it at Policy and Services,
it's ...

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine. I'll support the amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, you've addressed this, but do you
have something else to say?

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to speak to the amendment. We're talking
about three things, very small businesses which as I understand it could be
any sole proprietorship with a owner and an unlimited number of
contractors, as Vice Mayor Schmid said. It could be a fairly substantial
business. It could also—I believe it covers the Airbnb case which would be a
sole proprietor with no employees. That would just fall in there and not
require a separate amendment. It also includes this third type, the religious
                                                                       Page 36 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
