                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff had heard community concerns about the pace of
development along California Avenue and in Downtown. He asked if Staff
had heard concerns about other parts of the City.

Ms. Gitelman had heard concerns about Downtown, California Avenue, and
the El Camino Real corridor.

Mayor Holman requested Council Member Scharff ask his most pressing
questions as other Council Members were waiting to speak.

Council Member Burt remarked that this was the first time the Council was
presented with the idea that increases in impact fees might be significant
enough to alter the pace of new development. He inquired about the basis
for that idea.

Ms. Gitelman believed it would be possible to construct a nexus that would
allow the City to increase impact fees by quite a bit. Until Staff conducted
the study, they could not test that idea with any specificity. Developing a
nexus for a much higher rate than could be politically accommodated was
typical in preparing a nexus study. It would not be surprising to conduct a
nexus study and learn a higher fee could be charged.

Council Member Burt recalled in the latter part of 2014 the Council received
an update regarding impact fees. At that time, the consultant did not
indicate that the Council had a great deal of latitude with respect to
increasing fees.

Ms. Gitelman understood the scope of work for that consultant was limited to
anticipated infrastructure improvements.      In the Comprehensive Plan
Update, there was an opportunity to identify additional capital improvements
that possibly could be funded through impact fees. In addition, Staff was
currently reviewing housing impact fees. As a result of that, there could be
an opportunity to increase those fees such that they would affect the cost of
development.

Council Member Burt asked how the Council could obtain information about
the amount of fee increases that would affect the pace of development in
order to make a policy decision.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe the Council would make a decision on any one
mechanism at the current time. Staff was interested in which mechanisms
the Council felt would be worthy of further exploration.




02/09/2015                                                            116- 466
