                         TRANSCRIPT
a presentation at a Barron Park Association in 1989, talking about the
desperate need for a good Public Safety Building. We all agreed and we sent
a letter to the City Council which, of course, was ignored because we haven't
built the building. It's time we moved. Just a couple of general comments.
First of all, the location should be in an area where after a disaster it's not
cutoff from the rest of the City. When we have El Grande, there's a high
probability that overpasses and bridges are going to be damaged. If you put
the site on Bayshore or near the airport, there's a high probability that
they'll be locked in there and not be able to get into the City when we have
the big earthquake. For that reason plus the fact that I think we'll have a
problem with ground shaking, both the proposed site on Bayshore and the
one on San Antonio should be taken off the table. There are a couple of
other sites we could look at. They have problems, but they're vacant. You
might want to consider them, give them a review. There are three of them
on El Camino. One of them is listed in the Staff Report. It's Site 11, 3600 El
Camino. It's only 1 acre. The problem is that the woman who owns it is
asking for a ridiculous amount of money. The Staff Report says $10 million.
I think she probably asked for more than that. It's a small site and fairly
expensive. There's the Thane property which is 4046, which is only about
3/4 acre. You can probably get that a lot more reasonably, but I don't know
that it's big enough. The third one, which is pretty small by itself, is what I
call Coombs Auto, which is 3495 El Camino. It's been vacant for like 35 or
40 years. It should be available. The only way sites on El Camino would
work is if you not only bought the vacant land, but you'd have to buy and
condemn some of the office buildings or retail buildings along side. That
might be too expensive and it might be too disruptive. That leaves us with
the Sherman Avenue site which has its own problems. The ones that are
available, that probably is the best way to go right now. At the very least,
take a look at the sites on El Camino, talk to the property owners, talk to the
people at the adjacent properties, and see if you can get them there. The
location, in terms of accessibility and ability to serve the community, is
pretty good. Whatever we do, let's do it quickly.

Herb Borock: This project has been going on for so long that the project as
described by Staff is what it was originally, which is to have all the various
Public Safety functions, the Police, Fire and Communications. At one point,
it was reduced to just the Police without the Fire and Communications. For
public relations purposes, the Police function was rebranded as Public Safety,
because it sounded better and would probably get more public support.
We're back to the original idea, which was to combine all of the Public Safety
functions. I agree with the previous speakers that the sites on Bayshore and
the Los Altos Treatment Plant are not good sites for this function. I believe
that the site on Sherman may be too small. We do own a large site. We
have 8 acres at Cubberley. With a site that large, it's possible to provide
                                                                         Page 28 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
