                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I want to know if I can withdraw my consent to the
incorporated into the Motion with the consent of the maker to the "approved
by the Director" language?

Mayor Holman: I think Attorney Silver had a solution to this which was the
square footage. Do you not?

Ms. Stump: I heard some concern about that. I thought that the direction
the Council was going is to simply reconsider this new line that you've
drawn, which is approved by the Director. If the maker of that Amendment
and the seconder wish to withdraw it ...

Council Member Scharff: There was no seconder. I said okay, so I guess
I'm the de facto seconder. I would withdraw my consent.

Ms. Stump: I think that's fine.

Mayor Holman: We would need to keep this language though. This is the
only way we're saving the El Camino site. I know it's reference to a specific
project, but it would apply to that project.

Council Member Scharff: Mayor Holman, they said that that site would stay
retail. It would just be 2,500 square feet of less retail, and it's a large site,
if you remember going to Compadre's. You'd still have ground-floor retail.

Council Member Kniss: I have an entirely different question. Instead of at
this level, I'd like to go way back up again. We potentially are doing this
with a two-year timeframe, correct? If in that period of time, one of these
sites which is labeled retail cannot find an operator, do we have anything
that's built into this that says after six months, after a year, after a year and
a half, whatever that might, that this can revert to something that actually
makes money for the owner? I've asked that somewhat as a big overall.
We're in good times right now, but there were a lot of times when there
were many empty spaces Downtown just as recently as five or six years ago.
Without anything built into this, that would say that somebody's property
could stay vacant for months and months.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. There's not currently an
automatic provision like if it's vacant for a certain amount of time, that you
can fill it with another use. There is this section on economic hardship in
18.85.104(a). An applicant may request that requirements of the Ordinance
be adjusted or waived if they can show that requirements would effectuate
an unconstitutional taking of property or have an unconstitutional application
to the property.      The applicant would have to make a case, provide
evidence. It would require an action by the City Council.
                                                                           Page 63 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/11/15
