                          TRANSCRIPT
going over each department and our capital funds with close attention. I'd
like to thank my Colleagues, Liz Kniss, Greg Scharff and Eric Filseth, for their
close attention. We had with us volumes, where people said the hardest job
of all was carrying those volumes around from meeting to meeting. That is
the work of the Office of Management and Budget, that prepared for us, so
we could be prepared for these meetings, detailed numbers. Where each
dollar came from, where it's going and the options available for spending it.
During the course of the meetings, there was a constant dialog between the
Council Members on the Finance Committee and the OMB members or
representatives of the various departments who were able to get up and
answer each question, pointing to details in the documents which shed light
on the questions that came up. If the data was not immediately available,
we got a written report at the next meeting answering the questions. I want
to say that it was a great process and enjoyed every moment of it and the
results are contained in what's coming to the Council tonight. I want to
thank each member of the Staff who participated in that process. The
budget itself, it was a pleasure to work for. In my seven years on the
Council, there have been a number of budgets where the revenues were
falling short of expenditures, and you had to go through looking for places to
cut. This was a year where revenues were up a projected 8.3 percent and
allowed expenditures to increase as well. The most notable part of the
budget process was the capital investment in infrastructure. As was pointed
out in the Staff slides, we have spent as much in this budget as we have
over the last five years on capital expenditures. We are following the trend
of reinvesting in ourselves for the long run. That's a notable triumph. One
clear issue came up through our discussions, and that was the question is
this budget sustainable. A lot of the revenue increase that we had this year,
about $10 million of it, was either dedicated funding, the new TOT tax
dedicated to infrastructure, or jumps in sales tax or documentary transfer
tax which might be a one-time event. The question continually was raised
that if we do something, will our revenue stream be able to meet it in the
future. One of the striking numbers in the budget is that we were including
our full-time equivalent staff by 13 people. You add together what we did
last year, it's a 22 full-time equivalent increase in Staff. As our Long Term
Finance Forecast tells us, Staff costs money, not just in salaries but in
benefits, both healthcare and retiree costs. As a matter of fact, the long
term forecast says that benefits will be rising 60-70 percent faster than
salaries. Every time we hire someone, we're not just hiring someone for this
year. We are making an investment in the long term, and we have to make
sure that we have revenue streams that can meet those obligations. We
looked very carefully at the 13 additional full-time equivalents and asked the
question will we have revenue streams in the future that can meet the
demands that each new person has. We looked at what was available in the
budget document over the last three years, from the actual 2013 to the
                                                                          Page 19 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
