                            MINUTES
Mr. Hackmann advised that Staff briefly researched the issue; however, it
was difficult to analyze what had not happened.

Council Member Burt assumed data existed for times before and after
installation of changes. In aggregate that would be meaningful.

Mr. Hackmann could provide some data for other locations.

Council Member Burt assumed that such data had been collected at a higher
level.

Mr. Hackmann added that one of the complicating factors was the unique
characteristics of quiet zones. Staff wanted to ensure data was obtained for
corridors with characteristics similar to those in Palo Alto.

Council Member Burt assumed data would pertain to national or international
quiet zones. He asked if Staff discussed with Caltrain the contradiction
between Caltrain's statement regarding liability and the FRA's statement.

Mr. Hackmann requested Caltrain's legal team provide a written statement
of Caltrain's position on quiet zones. Staff had not been able to obtain a
written statement.

Council Member Burt asked if Atherton installed quad gates.

Mr. Hackmann responded yes.

Council Member Burt asked if the City of Atherton established quiet zones
along with installation of quad gates.

Mr. Hackmann answered no.

Council Member Burt inquired about the rationale for train engineers
sounding the horn a second time after the train passed an intersection.

Mr. Hackmann explained that the second blast should sound as the train
traveled through the intersection.     The first blast should sound 15-20
seconds before the train reached the intersection, and the second blast as
the train approached the intersection. Engineers often held the second blast
as the locomotive and a substantial number of cars traveled through the
intersection.

Council Member DuBois was interested in learning the cost of insurance
coverage specifically for quiet zones. He inquired about the timeframe for
the process.


02/09/2015                                                           116- 455
