                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss requested additional comment regarding the
electrification aspect of the blended system and the height of trains and
platforms.

Ms. Lee stated the environmental document did not clear HSR.

Council Member Kniss hoped the press would report that statement.

Ms. Lee reported HSR was funding approximately half of the Project because
HSR could utilize electrification infrastructure. In order for HSR to run that
service, they would have to prepare a separate environmental document.
That process would need to clear all of the added investment that HSR would
need to make in the Corridor. HSR would need to construct HSR stations at
Milbrae and Diridon and passing tracks. HSR would be required to follow a
planning process with all communities and an environmental process to clear
the project. Platforms were not at the same level as the floors of rail cars.
With purchase of new cars, Caltrain could achieve level boarding or Caltrain
could raise platforms to match the floor height of electric trains. Level
boarding was not included in the current project. Because HSR rail cars
were twice the boarding height of Caltrain trains, Caltrain was searching for
a technical solution that did not preclude compatible boarding heights with
HSR.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the role of Caltrain in altering at-grade
crossings in San Mateo.

Ms. Lee explained that Caltrain liked grade separations even though they
were very expensive. Caltrain attempted to partner with cities to accomplish
grade separations. The sales tax measure for San Mateo County dedicated
funding to grade separations. Santa Clara County had no dedicated funding
for grade separations.

Mr. Walters added that the 2014 business plan for HSR called for service
between San Jose and San Francisco to begin in 2026-2027.

Council Member Berman remarked that the City supported Caltrain
electrification; however, it was concerned about some negative impacts.
Caltrain's position was that electrification would have a negative impact on
three at-grade crossings in Palo Alto. He asked if Caltrain would not attempt
to mitigate impacts because full mitigation was cost prohibitive.

Ms. Lee advised that Caltrain was required by CEQA to identify a feasible
mitigation for significant impacts.

Council Member Berman clarified that Caltrain indicated CEQA did not apply.

01/12/2015                                                             116- 299
