                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I guess one question on process for tonight is do
we want to pass a Motion first. Council Member Scharff first offered a
Motion about a Vision Statement. Council Member DuBois thought it was
about goals, and then it became vision and goals. Do we want to actually
split that off and do one Motion about the vision and a second Motion about
the goals?

Council Member Scharff: No, I'd rather do it altogether.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer a friendly amendment then, to adopt the
existing Comprehensive Plan Vision Statement and goals with the Staff to
add language reflecting Council direction as summarized on Page 3 of
Attachment A. I might have some other ...

Mayor Holman:   That would actually be incorporating Council Member
comments on Page 3. Is that accepted by the maker of the Motion?

Council Member Scharff: I guess I don't understand all of them. I think the
five—I'm fine with those five. I guess I didn't under the concept of blends
the—Council felt the PTC's version blends the concepts of parks and open
space together, and there is no mention of conservation in the Vision
Statement.

Council Member Wolbach: That's why we weren't adopting the PTC one.

Council Member Scharff: Right. That's what I was going to say. All your
Motion is doing—I would prefer if your Motion just said Staff will do those
one, two, three, four, five bullet points and make minor revisions to
incorporate that into the Vision Statement. I think that's what you mean.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, you know what? I'm noticing that
wildlife is already in the existing one. That first one is not necessary. Is
conservation in the old one? Actually the first one is redundant, because it's
already in there.

Council Member Scharff: We can add the other four.

Council Member Wolbach: Was restoring in the original? Actually yeah, but
the third one refers to ...

Council Member Scharff: The PTC version.

Council Member Wolbach: ... the PTC version, so we don't need that.                I
guess we really just need to add Bullet Points 2, 4 and 5.


                                                                        Page 41 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
