                          TRANSCRIPT
seen anything go in there, so I don't know what happened to that. What
happened to that?

Ms. DeMarzo: The challenges in the tunnel were pretty great. Between the
lead paint and the low lighting and whatnot, there's still a lot of challenges
to be worked out to implement that project on the limited budget that was
available.

Ms. Halpern: We're trying to look at other options. We haven't given up.

Council Member Scharff: I'm glad you haven't given up. It's not the most
attractive entryway to Palo Alto. When you say a proactive vision, that's
what you're talking about, allocating resources between these different
items. All of them are important. I mean, supporting teens, caring for the
environment, those kind of things are all really important. I don't disagree.
The question is how do we come up with and what do we allocate and what
are the priorities. For me bigger, more iconic—maybe bigger is the wrong
word. Destination pieces that people will actually seek out to see is what I
would prefer. I don't mean this negatively, but I think we all get caught up
in whatever some other city is doing or whatever other people are doing at
the moment. It can be a little faddish in art sometimes. I'm probably not
putting that the right way. That's sort of what I was thinking. Things that
we think will last and people will like long term. Anyway, thank you very
much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I concur with colleagues about the presentation
and really very happy that we're doing this and strong support for that. To
begin with, I guess just off the bat I'll say I concur with everything that Jerry
Hearn said. This does deserve a very specific place in the Comprehensive
Plan and reference in the Comprehensive Plan. The thing with some of our
plans is they do exist and they stand, but they need to be integrated into the
Comprehensive Plan too, that referral, that reference. That's one. You all
know I'm a very strong supporter of art in the alleyways and changing that
experience, so the alleyways are not just, like, you've got to get through
them to get to your destination. That they're an experience themselves.
They make for a safer environment in addition to a more pleasant
environment. The role of art, because you asked that question. Art
Commissioners have heard me say a number of times that I really
appreciate functional art. There's a book that you at the table down there
are probably all aware of called When Art Worked. It's a gorgeous book
that's about WPA art and the role that WPA art played. It's art and
architecture, how it not only provided jobs for people, but it also inspired
people, it created gathering places. It's a wonderful book and really tells a
story about what art can do in those times. I think we can apply some of

                                                                         Page 10 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
