                         TRANSCRIPT
believe in Downtown north it's actually posted. Avoid putting leaves and
yard trimmings in the street. Lastly, rake leaves off of storm drain gates
during rain for our more energetic folks who are able to do that. Last Friday,
the Human Relations Commission hosted a Summit on ending veterans'
homelessness, bringing together local and national leaders to address this
important topic. Following the welcome by Mayor Holman, Colonel Nicole
Malachowski, Director of Joining Forces, the White House initiative on
veterans' issues, and David Wilkinson, Director of the White House Office on
Social Innovation and Civic Participation, addressed over 100 attendees at
our local event. Also present were representatives of the VA and local and
county homeless service agencies. Two veterans shared their stories of the
difficulties after leaving the service and how they managed to overcome
those challenges and move towards recovery and housing thanks to their
own determination with the help of the VA. A highlight of the event was
Mayor Holman's announcement that she will sign the White House Mayor's
Challenge to end veterans' homelessness. Nationwide over 629 mayors and
governors have signed on. Just a reminder that the City will be hosting a
special Veterans Day event on November 9th. We'll have more details in the
coming weeks as we get closer to that event. With fall also, we hosted the
20th anniversary of the Great Glass Pumpkin Patch last week. More than
5,000 people experienced live glass blowing and thousands of glass
pumpkins in a diverse range of colors and shapes. It's the largest glass
pumpkin patch in California and the only one that benefits local artists, the
Palo Alto Art Center Foundation and the Bay Area Glass Institute. A
reminder of a special event this week. The inaugural Meet the Street event
will be held Downtown on Thursday, October 8th, from 5:00 to 9:00 p.m. on
Bryant, Ramona, Emerson and Waverley streets. That would be really
between Hamilton and University for the most part. Is that correct?

Mayor Holman: Emerson will go down to Forest.

Mr. Keene: Emerson will go down to Forest, okay. Pedestrians can shop,
dine or stroll, enjoy music, art and fashion in a fun-filled event that will
highlight and support our businesses, some of whom include longstanding
local businesses such as Bell's Books who will be celebrating their 80th
anniversary that night, the Palo Alto Players who will be celebrating their
85th anniversary, not all of them were part of the original cast, and the
Cardinal Hotel who will be celebrating nine decades in Palo Alto at their
location. They will join in the celebration with many other Downtown
businesses on the side streets. We look forward to seeing all of you there.
For people in particular who often talk about let's have more pedestrian
access or use and closure of the streets, this is a great event to come out
and experience that in the Downtown. For more information, at the City's

                                                                       Page 21 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
