                          TRANSCRIPT
recommended number, which is 10 percent over the peak, went down to 83
spaces. We are still providing 91 undesignated spaces. When we designed
this building, we could have fully parked it, but we choose not to, because
the traffic engineer's parking study showed that our 91 spaces were more
than enough for the shared uses. Again, 83 is the recommended number.
Using Palo Alto's Zoning Ordinance shared parking section meant a TDM was
required. We strongly felt that at this site, so close to transit and near one
of the worst intersections in town, that getting people especially office
workers not to bring their cars in the first place was the most important
solution for this site. Instead of paying to construct even more parking
spaces, we felt a TDM, giving all tenants free transit passes for the lifetime
of the building was the best solution for this site. TDMs also require a yearly
review, so there is a mechanism where it can be adjusted if needed in the
future. We are also providing 52 bike parking spaces, well over the 27
required, to further get people out of their cars. Last but not least, we
preferred not to dig deeper and hit the contaminated groundwater plume.
The current one level of underground parking stays above it. The parking
that is being provided is in conformance with Palo Alto's ordinance for
mixed-use buildings. We'll go through the building design changes. Again,
there is no change to the front elevation. Here on the first floor, we
increased the retail by moving the shower to the second floor and stealing
space from the parking garage. The second floor is where most of the
changes occurred. You can see in the rear corner we took away office and
put in three residential units with private decks. The corridor required to get
to those units split up the previous single, large office tenant space into two
much smaller tenant spaces. We also moved the shower to this floor. Third
floor, we're still creating a community. When we removed the three-bed
units, that added one unit up front and also added two units along the back.
The added units created more articulation and alternative color changes
along our internal street and along the rear elevation. Here's the design
visually. The new design on the north corner, all we did was add a deck
overlooking Kelly-Moore. On the south corner, there were some minor
changes on the second floor, where we added a residence, just minor
changes to the window. The rear elevation is where most of the changes
occurred. Again, you can see a chunk was taken out of the corner of the
building as we added residences and their private decks on the second floor.
Adding units on the third floor also added color and articulation and changed
the windows and wall locations and, consequently, also changed the walls on
the lower floors as the lines that we created on the third floor translate down
to the ground. Here on the third floor in our courtyard, again we've still
created that sense of community, giving people some outdoor space that's
on the level of where their units are as opposed to having to go three stories
down to the ground. Adding those extra units created more articulation and
color change along the interior of the courtyard and the street. We hope
                                                                       Page 112 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
