                         TRANSCRIPT
make. That is the case this year with respect to Stanford University, which
is impacted by a number of portions of our budget, specifically related to
Police, Fire and parts of our CIP. Council Member DuBois' wife is an
employee of Stanford. Under the conflict rules, he should not participate in
this part of the budget. The State law does allow us to segregate this
section of the budget off, hear it first without Council Member DuBois'
participation, and then the Council can deal with the entire rest of the
budget. Council Member DuBois may participate in that.

Council Member DuBois: I will be recusing myself.

Council Member DuBois advised he would not be participating in the budget
as it related to Stanford University because his wife is employed by Stanford
University.

Mayor Holman: Are there any questions regarding this portion of the
budget? I'll ask for a recommendation by the City Council to adopt the
portions of the Fire and Police Department Budgets and the CIP related to
Stanford for Fiscal Year 2016 and related ordinance and resolution portions.
Vice Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

Mayor Holman: Do we have a second?

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the Finance and Staff recommendations that the City
Council adopt the portions of the Fire and Police Department Budgets and
CIP related to Stanford for the Fiscal Year 2016 and related ordinance and
resolution portions.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve the Finance Committee and Staff recommendation that the City
Council adopt the portions of the Police and Fire Department Budgets and
CIP relating to Stanford University for the Fiscal Year 2016 and related
Ordinance and Resolution portions.

Mayor Holman: Can we have a vote on the board please?           That passes
unanimously with Council Member DuBois recused.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: Now we will discuss the wastewater and refuse rates as well
as the remaining portions of the 2016 budget including the remaining
                                                                      Page 10 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
