                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether an appraisal would utilize comparable
properties or assign some value basis.

Mr. Beccaria would prefer to answer after thoughtful consideration and
consultation with his partner. That scenario would exclude all park data
completely, because it was tainted by the 2000 disclosure of park closure.

Council Member Scharff advised that knowledge of park closure was not part
of the scenario.

Mr. Beccaria clarified that it was embedded in the scenario. Part of the usual
analysis was considering all the sales history in the park and then sales in
competing parks. The proposed scenario focused on Palo Alto. Off the top
of his head, he suggested performing a median price comparison between
single family residences in Palo Alto and single family residences in other
communities to determine the percentage differential, and then studying
that for all the different communities. He could then make a positive
adjustment for the Palo Alto location that reflected what was being done for
conventional housing among the various communities. There were no other
mobile home parks in Palo Alto where he could extract information;
therefore, he would have to build it with a mirror. That would likely be the
best method; however, he reserved his final opinion until he had an
opportunity to think through the scenario.

Council Member Burt felt that would be a reasonable methodology.
However, if the Council was attempting to reach a resolution in the current
meeting, it would have to give discretion to the appraiser. The Council did
not need to address the issue of impending park closure in order to state
that the value of other amenities would be reconsidered in a reappraisal.

Mayor Holman inquired whether Staff could draft language for a decision
based on the Council stating its intentions in a Motion.

Ms. Stump would consider the logistics of drafting a decision based on
Council intentions; however, the parties could have some input regarding
those intentions.

Mayor Holman requested Council Member Burt provide language that would
provide discretion to Staff with input from both parties.

Ms. Stump was suggesting the Council hear from the parties at the current
time.

Ms. Aziz suggested the Council allow residents to submit their own
appraisals and direct the Hearing Officer to utilize the appraisal that most
                                                                        Page 29 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
