                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'd actually hit my light to make a motion. I'm
happy to give a quick summary. As we mentioned in the Colleagues Memo—
first actually let me say thank you to Council Member Scharff and also Vice
Mayor Schmid for joining me in this Colleagues Memo. As we mentioned in
the Colleagues Memo, our prior Housing Element from our old
Comprehensive Plan calls for a study of updates and changes to our
regulations regarding accessory dwelling units. The only part of our new
Comprehensive Plan that we've actually finished, our updated Housing
Element again calls for looking at this, particularly including looking for ways
for below market rate housing to be included with ADUs. That might be a
tall order; it might be difficult to do. There are a lot of questions around
this. There are a lot of details. There's a lot of nuance, a lot of devils in the
details. I look forward to the Staff, PTC and Council and the community
engaging in that. I'm sure a very lively discussion. We definitely think it's
time to move that discussion forward. I would implore that we can move
forward with this very simple and straightforward recommendation to get
the conversation rolling without much further specificity at this point. We
will be adding lots more as time goes on.

Mayor Holman: With that then, we have one member of the public who
cares to speak to this item. Herb Borock, you'll have three minutes, sir.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Holman. There have been some comments
on Palo Alto Online about this item, expressing some concerns. As Council
Member Kniss said, it's quite late to be discussing this. There were people
who might be interested in being here, so perhaps there will be an
appropriate time for them when it becomes before the Planning and
Transportation Commission and the Council again.           When someone is
suggesting ways to get additional housing and there might be some push
back on it for various reasons, I would think it would be appropriate to think
of an alternative of getting housing units. It occurred to me that the
Stanford Research Park has an entitlement of almost a million square feet
more of job-producing development, of which only about 100,000 is entitled
from the Mayfield Development Agreement. The City has the possibility of
changing zoning. If that large amount of floor area was housing instead of
job-producing, I think it would solve a lot of problems and would get a lot
more housing than this proposal. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We will return then to Council. I have Council
Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'd actually ...



                                                                        Page 100 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
