                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: It's been requested, due to the number of Staff that we
thought were going to be here, that we would be moving Items 14 and 15
ahead of 13. City Manager, is that still the case?

James Keene, City Manager: That is correct, Madam Mayor.

Mayor Holman: We'll take a motion from Council to move Items 14 and 15
ahead of Item 13. Can I have a motion please?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
hear Agenda Item Numbers 14- PUBLIC HEARING AND PROPOSITION 218
HEARING: Adoption of Budget Amendment Ordinance for Fiscal Year 2016...
and 15- PUBLIC HEARING AND PROPOSITION 218 HEARING: Staff
Recommendation That the City Council Adopt a Resolution Amending Rate
Schedules… before Agenda Item Number 13- Discussion and Direction to
Staff Regarding Establishment of an Office/R&D…

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: A couple of items to report. We've been
reporting on this pretty regularly, but the day is drawing near where our new
residential food scrap composting collection program will start. It starts on
July 1st. We have started to put tags on trash cans for those folks who have
pickup on Monday, for example. There's now a tag that's put on the regular
garbage cart that will explain the start of the program and to start to use the
green bins. Our residents will be able to put food scraps and soiled paper in
their green cart along with their yard trimmings. We will take the collected
material to the Zero Waste Energy Development Company in San Jose where
it will be anaerobically digested and composted, creating renewable energy
and compost. Once again, there will be four public meetings about the
program: June 24, June 27, July 7 and July 11. More information about the
program is available online at cityofpaloalto.org/foodscraps or by calling
650-496-5910. VTA has issued a call for projects. Unfortunately it was late
this last month that we learned of this. We received a request from VTA, the
Valley Transportation Authority, to update projects on the list included in the

                                                                         Page 3 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
