                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: It sounds like I’m losing my seconder. Again, the
purpose of it being a goal is to have the City apparatus shift its mindset
about planning. That's a significant change ...

Council Member Burt: We define what goals are. That's a (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: Is that a policy or is it a program then?

Mayor Holman: I'm going to look to Director Gitelman, because I had
something else going on up here that I had to deal with. If I could get your
guidance on what I missed and where we need to go here. One Council
Member is saying it's not a goal. You're saying that there aren't areas that
we—if I heard everything correctly—that there are areas but not all areas
that we might identify that would be coordinated area plans. We're not
directing the CAC to do coordinated area plans. We're directing them to
identify where they might be used or set a goal for how we might utilize
them. I apologize, I dropped a stitch up here. Apologies. I didn't catch all
of it.

Ms. Gitelman: That's perfectly fine. My suggestion was about using this
opportunity to provide direction to the CAC about where coordinated area
plans might be used. I don't know that Council Member Wolbach has bought
into that change. It's a matter open for discussion.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. Your suggestion was ...

Ms. Gitelman: My suggestion was that rather than the motion say "consider
adding a goal," it say something like "direct the Citizens Advisory Committee
to suggest those areas where coordinated area plans should be developed."

Council Member Wolbach: Which is not what I'm suggesting. Here's a way
maybe to split the difference. "Direct the CAC to develop language providing
for coordinated area plans to become a regular planning tool." Again, I do
not want to tell the CAC, "Your job is to identify every potential coordinated
area plan location that we're going to utilize in the next 15 years."

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: If they have specific ones that they want to offer,
they can. I don't want them to have all that responsibility.

Council Member Burt: That looks good to me as the seconder.

Mayor Holman: This is revised to take the place of the prior amendment.


                                                                       Page 83 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
