                          TRANSCRIPT
sanctuary. Would members of the Unitarian Universalist Church here in
support of keeping the 16.5 cents please stand up? We're serious in that we
are an accredited green sanctuary. To live up to our principles, this is one of
the things that we want to do. We're not going to make a huge amount of
money in terms of rent, but we are making a statement and we are moving
towards those goals that we as a City have adopted in terms of our overall
sustainability. That is in complete alignment with our green sanctuary
principles. What have we done? We've spent probably on the order of 200
hours of people time negotiating. We're a nonprofit; there's no one at the
top. There's a board of directors. There's people to educate. We have to
go through three internal votes before we can actually approve this project.
It's going to take a long time. If you think things take a long time here, you
should come to one of our meetings. I would welcome you there to
moderate. We've actually spent money ourselves in hiring a lawyer to
review the contract with the developer out the door, in the belief—belief is a
bad word—under the understanding that the City had a program that was
good and that wasn't going to change. We feel like the rug has suddenly
been swept underneath us. I wish you'd been at that board meeting last
night. Our board said, "We're for this, yes, assuming that you get Council to
approve, the contract to work, and there's a little bit of money for us and it
does everything it says it's going to do." Again, please don't do away with
the program. It's only a pilot. If you are going to do away with it, it is your
responsibility and duty to tell us how you're going to meet the 4 percent.
Right now, we don't see any other way to get there, but through a program
like this.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere: Hello, good evening, Council and Vice Mayor and
Mayor. I support the 25-year contract option and including other renewable
energy sources. However, please don't reduce the contract prices. As is
noted in the Staff Report on page 9, reducing the CLEAN contract price to
the avoided cost level would undoubtedly eliminate any possibility that the
program would experience any participation for the foreseeable future. In
effect, the program would exist in name only. The Staff Report estimates
that the current rate at the 16-whatever would amount to about an increase
of $2 per year for residential customers. That's less than a latte. You
probably can find that change in your couch. If you are concerned about
that minimal cost, please consider the other costs of global warming. What's
the cost of building levees around the Bay or dealing with decades long
droughts or heat waves, agricultural impacts, global conflicts and population
displacements? I don't want to be a bummer, but even the US military
gauges that climate change is a national security risk. This is about more
than just finances.     It's also about values, self-preservation and self-
reliance. Global climate change is upon us and will only get worse before it
gets better. How much better or worse it gets is up to us right now. It's our
                                                                         Page 23 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
