                          TRANSCRIPT
C.    Explore integration with other permits and return to Policy and
      Services Committee with a plan for implementation to execute as
      Phase 3 of the Business Registry Certificate (BRC).

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, would you care to speak to your
Motion?

Council Member DuBois: I think I have.

Mayor Holman: David, if you can find a way to get it all on the screen at
once. There you go. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois:           Again, I largely incorporated Staff's
recommendation with the change that a few things go to Policy and
Services. I think there are a few questions that we need to address that
we're not going to have time to address tonight.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: I think this incorporates two things. It's slightly
different in that it's going to Policy and Services. I think that's a good idea.
Secondly, really I think you've incorporated almost everything that was in
the original motion, unless I'm missing something. Am I right or not? I
don't—you've just, I think, gotten it slightly more precise than it was before.
You might want to correct the spelling for manner and a number of things in
there. Other than that, that looks fine. I think someone's probably going to
bring up something about parking, because I've heard that before. I'm
ready to vote for it as is, unless somebody adds to this.

Mayor Holman: Since we have a Motion on the floor, I've cleared the board.
If you care to speak to the Motion, please turn your light on. Council
Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I support the Motion. I just wanted to add one other
comment. There was a question about whether this—there was some
implication one way or the other on whether this Council has taken some
position on business license tax in the future. I just wanted to make sure it
was understood that I don't believe this Council has ever taken a position
that says we will not consider a business license tax. I've stated several
times that I think we do need to consider it, focused on funding our
comprehensive transportation program. If we're going to really make it a
success, we should consider that. I just wanted to make sure that there was
no misunderstanding that there was some implication that this would
preclude consideration of a business license tax. I think we need to consider
it like most cities have.
                                                                         Page 30 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
