                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I don't think we need direction on 190 really. I mean we're just
not going to pursue that at this point in time, so I don't think you need that.
We probably can proceed with the 130 piece without your motion. If you
want to ensure that we do, then you can go ahead and make that.

Council Member Burt: I think it's appropriate that we go ahead and add an
"F" then, that is direct Staff to pursue interim grade crossing safety
measures through Proposition 190 and through other means.

Council Member Wolbach: Do we want to ...

Mayor Holman: 130 (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: 130, 130.

Mayor Holman: 130, David.

Council Member Burt: Everybody got me on that one.

Council Member Wolbach: If I could just speak a little bit more.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you good with that?

Council Member Scharff: I'm good with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to pursue
interim grade crossing safety measures through U.S. Code Title 23, Section
130 (Railway-Highways Crossing Program) funding and through other
means.”

Council Member Burt: Let me just add to that that interim safety measures
are a real need for us, and they're not to be confused with a longer-term
solution. Both are needed, and there may be some measure that really
could provide significantly greater safety than what we have today.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, back to you.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks. Thank you for that addition. Kind of
taking off something—just a quick comment on this.            Responding to
something, I think, Council Member Burt said about taking the bull by the
horns. I think it's important that we're really taking the initiative. I think
this is really important as far as how Palo Alto comes together to focus on
our future and to focus on the core challenges we're facing. I'm really
excited about this. I'm really excited about us even recognizing that this is
going to be a heck of a job. It's a funding nightmare. It's a logistical
                                                                           Page 36 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
