                         TRANSCRIPT

Tunnel connection, Homer-Channing and then the Bryant Street bike
boulevard segment within Downtown more comprehensively. We'd like to do
some more intensive business outreach, perhaps do some type of tactical
urbanism demonstration to let the business community see what a protected
bikeway would look like Downtown. We also would like to modify some of
the traffic signal timing Downtown to make it more pedestrian friendly and
develop some timing plans for that. We anticipate bringing some type of
scope of work forward to you in 2016 for that Downtown pedestrian and
bicycle circulation study. We'll also be coming back to you in November to
give you an update on the Midtown connector project. That's a fairly
complex project that's evolved pretty significantly over the last several
months. We'd like to spend some time discussing that with you in early
November. We've been working cooperatively with Caltrans to develop new
Class 4 bikeway design standards. On your Consent Agenda this evening is
the approval of the NACTO Urban Bikeway Design Guide as well as the Urban
Street Design Guide. That will give us the flexibility to start to incorporate
some of these separated bikeways, cycle track, protected bikeway designs
into our bike boulevard and enhanced bikeway projects. Along with that, we
are excited to announce that Palo Alto is now the newest affiliate member of
NACTO which opens up a lot of the resources that are available to consult
with other cities that are on the cutting edge of bikeway design and share
knowledge with those staff members at the other cities. Last but not least,
we'd like to start to harness the data that we'll be collecting through the
pedestrian and bicycle counter program that was approved around the
elementary and middle schools as well as our new traffic signal system
which we'll also be updating you on shortly. The traffic signal system has
the capability to conduct much more robust bicycle counts at our signalized
intersections. That coupled with the pedestrian and bicycle counters that
we're installing around the schools, I think we can start to build a really
good database of bicycle and pedestrian activity throughout the City, which
will help us be more competitive when it comes to grant applications and
other requests for funding. I'm also excited to announce this evening that
we've transitioned at the Transportation Division over to the Palo Alto 311
system. We've started using that exclusively for all work requests. Any
requests related to bikeways, traffic signals, signage, pavement markings,
parking regulations can now all be submitted through Palo Alto 311. That
will enable us to more effectively track where citizen demand is and citizen
concern is. All of the requests are mapped and tracked all the way from
entry to closeout. With that, we'll end our presentation.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Since there's not a Staff Report and we've
become aware of the breadth of discussion items in the presentation, you'll
                                                                         Page 6 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
