                         TRANSCRIPT
when the City took over the airport, I am wary of these minimum standards
also put forward without citizen review and request that if they are adopted,
they are adopted along with a firm timeline for forming an inclusive citizen
airport advisory committee to create standards that comply with FAA rules
but also comply with the Palo Alto Master Plan. The Palo Alto Master Plan
should specifically guard our citizens and our natural resources from the
noise and pollution caused by increases in aviation traffic. We know the FAA
is a powerful Federal agency, but our City has power too. The City should
employ legal counsel that are foremost experts in this complicated field of
law on all levels, local, State and Federal. It should demand that its
lobbyists weigh in on these matters on a regular basis. It should model
what a regional aviation stakeholder body looks like and form such a body
for its own airport as soon as possible. We can leave a legacy of balancing
progress with peace and health on this issue, but it will take a lot of
teamwork and perseverance. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Our final speaker this evening on
this item is Stewart Carl.

Stewart Carl: Good evening, Council. It seems like we're always talking
about airports really late at night. I checked my iPhone earlier today, and
it's exactly—not exactly—three years and one month since I first came to
the Council and warned them of a dramatic increase in aircraft noise over
Palo Alto. In those three years, one thing that I've learned is that airport
improvement grants are one of the kind of strings holding this fragile,
dysfunctional, broken FAA airport aviation industry complex together. How
do they work? The FAA has access to Federal money that comes from our
Federal taxes that we all pay. The FAA uses those tax money that we pay to
essentially buy control of airports from local governments using contract law
to supersede local governance of the airport. How does that work? When
Palo Alto signs an airport improvement grant with the FAA, it turns over a lot
of its responsibility for managing the airport to the FAA in a lot of important
areas. It doesn't just turn over its ability to regulate and manage the airport
for this Council. Because the airport improvement grants tend to have
anywhere from a 20 to a 25-year life, it actually precludes any future Council
for the next 20 years from being able to effectively regulate the airport. I
would encourage—it also undermines the Council's ability and the City's
ability to negotiate with the FAA when essentially the City is cooperating and
participating in this kind of broken system. It undermines your credibility
when the City petitions the FAA for changes. Sorry, I wasn't able to
prepare; I'm just speaking extemporaneously tonight. I think that's all I
have to say. Thank you for considering my thoughts.



                                                                            Page 89 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
