                          TRANSCRIPT
Elise DeMarzo, Senior Program Manager: Good evening, everyone. We're
very excited to be here for the joint Study Session with the Public Art
Commission. The Commissioners are very excited to talk about what we've
all been up to for the last year, what we have on the horizon and our Public
Art Master Plan moving forward. With that, I would like to turn it over to our
Chair, Jim Migdal. Kick it off.

Jim Migdal, Public Art Commission Chair: Good evening. We're excited to
be here and to have this joint session. We realize you guys have been here
for a little while, so we'll try to move things along. There's a lot of exciting
stuff that we're going to go through tonight. We look forward to your
questions and to a lively discussion about public art in Palo Alto. We're
going to hit the highlights of the past year and talk about the various
projects that are under way, and a bit more about the future and how it
dovetails into the broader initiatives about improving the quality of life in
Palo Alto. I think public art, and many people would agree, represents a
great opportunity for people to stop and reflect on their surroundings.
Hopefully they get inspired and smile and laugh, depending on the piece.
From the Greg Brown murals to our latest Bruce Beasley Arpeggio at Mitchell
Park, we've got a wonderful collection with over 100 pieces. It's exciting to
be able to join some of the other progressive cities that have adopted a
Private Development Ordinance. There's lots of things in the works there
that you'll hear about tonight. Let's see. Tonight we have everybody here
except one of the newer Commissioners who joined with Nia and myself,
Dara Silverstein. We've also just welcomed a couple of new Commissioners,
Mila Zelkha and Loren Gordon, who you'll hear from in just a little bit. It's
been a really busy and productive year. Elise and Nadia have done a great
job driving forward on a number of different initiatives that we're going to go
through. There are a few things we're going to cover on the agenda. First,
Nia is going to do a review of the completed projects, of which there are
eight permanent and one temporary. Mila's going to talk about the progress
that's been made with the Public Art in Private Development, where we have
three pieces that are approved, not yet installed but approved, then a full
pipeline of exciting things that are coming up given the state of development
in the City. Loren's going to talk about the Municipal Ordinance and a couple
of other items. Amanda's going to talk about two upcoming projects. Ben is
going to wrap it up with an update on the Master Plan and the things that we
have done on community outreach. With that, we'll hand it over to Nia.

Nia Taylor, Public Art Commissioner: Thank you. On December 6th, 2014,
we officially unveiled four diverse works of art at the Mitchell Park Library
and Community Center at their grand opening celebration. Fortunately,
several artists were on hand to speak with community members and give
public tours. Even better, three out of the four pieces were all created by
                                                                           Page 3 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
