                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: David, let's go ahead and type in the portion of the
PTC recommendation, so it'll just be just the language we're keeping. Do
you want me to show you that?

Mayor Holman: It's just hard to follow at this point. Give us just a moment.
While he's doing that, Director Gitelman, looking to—if we get through the
vision but we don't get through the goals this evening, having the vision, is
that enough guidance to get you through the next CAC meeting?

Ms. Gitelman: I think that the CAC would appreciate having the Council's
direction on goals, because they're going to be crafting or discussing policies
and programs to implement those goals.             Your direction could be as
straightforward as "we like the existing version" or "we like the PTC version"
or just tell us the elements of either that you'd like us to incorporate. I don't
think we have to get this level of specificity, but we would like to give the
CAC some sense of your direction on this.

Mayor Holman: All right, very good. We should hopefully soon be able to
vote on the vision for transportation. In the meantime, colleagues, think
about your comments for goals. Council Member Burt, are we close? Looks
like we are ... Okay. Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor
Holman, to include starting with the Planning and Transportation
Commission recommendation, substituting for "to maintain and promote" ...

Council Member Burt: David, we were just going to only put in the language
that is there now. Instead of "build and maintain," we're going to say—oh,
yeah. Build and maintain—right, that's it. We don't even have to say start
with the Planning and Transportation.

Mayor Holman: We don't have to. It'd be amending the ...

Council Member Burt: No, we're just giving all the language. We don't even
have to say that anymore.

Mayor Holman: What you have written here then is the—as you want to ...

Council Member Burt: It's the whole thing.

Mayor Holman: To build and maintain a sustainable network of safe,
accessible and efficient transportation parking solutions for all users and
modes while protecting and enhancing quality of life in Palo Alto
neighborhoods.      Programs will include alternative and innovative
transportation processes. The adverse impacts of automobile traffic on the
environment in general and on residential streets in particular will be
reduced. Traffic flow will be enhanced and traffic congestion will be reduced
                                                                        Page 113 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
