                          TRANSCRIPT
I believe this building does that. I think the building is properly located in
the Downtown. It improves the quality of retail space as we've discussed.
It addresses Palo Alto's need for housing. It is fully parked. It offers more
spaces than is required under the law. There is no loss of retail. Retail is
simply being transformed for other uses as required by Code as was
discussed by Applicant. The retail space is being improved. Zoning balances
the needs of businesses and residents. The proposed building is not in an
historic or residential district. It is in the commercial Downtown. The
Appellant's building is in the Downtown and is being rented to office tenants
and not residents or retailers. The Appellant claims that this building is out
of proportion, but the City encourages mixed-use projects of this type. The
Staff and ARB found that the proposed building is appropriately designed for
mixed-use projects encouraged in the City plan. Finally Staff and the ARB
found appropriate mitigating measures that have been implemented in this
design. The proposed building is also consistent with the architecture of the
surrounding buildings which include several modern buildings, large offices
and parking lots. The Appellant claims that the building impacts allegedly
historic buildings. Rather the architectural report says that the building is
not in an historic area nor could the area be considered historic, because of
the mix of building styles and development history. Furthermore, the City
found that the building would have no impact on any nearby historic
structures. The building is consistent with the mix of buildings in the area
and other existing commercial buildings. The building is also fully parked,
does not negatively impact traffic. The Appellant claims that the narrowness
of Kipling Street would result in accidents. Police data does not support this
claim. In fact, a 100-plus page traffic report showed no significant impact
would result due to construction of the proposed building. On the contrary,
the report notes that pedestrian and bike activity would increase due to the
new building. Even in conservative estimates in the City study, the traffic
impact would be negligible. In addition, the proposed building has five more
parking spots than is required under the Code, alleviating the City's parking
problem. The building improves retail, adds four more units of residential
space to the City's limited residential area and is properly sized for
incorporating residential areas and commercial in one building. Thank you
very much.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council Members.
Thank you for hearing this appeal. I agree with the Appellant that the
building does not meet the size and massing requirements of the Municipal
Code and further ideas expressed in the Downtown Design Guidelines. This
project will exacerbate the existing parking deficit and traffic congestion. It
has circulation issues with the alley and the narrow street of Kipling. I don't
think that the project has adequately mitigated those concerns. I have
nothing against contemporary architectural styles.        I like all styles of
                                                                       Page 39 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
