                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue Agenda Item Numbers 14 and 15 to a date uncertain.

Council Member Scharff did not believe the Council could prepare legislation
prior to the third week in January. A brief discussion at the current time
would accomplish nothing. The Council should consider legislation in June or
July prior to introduction in January. The Council could react to legislation
after it was introduced or schedule a Special Session to discuss legislation.

Council Member Kniss added that the Council was less productive at 11:00
P.M. or 11:30 P.M. The current discussion would take quite some time.
Members of the public and Staff were waiting.

Council Member Wolbach asked if Staff was requesting the Council's
guidance regarding activities in Sacramento.

Mr. Keene replied yes. Staff would present a Policy and Services Committee
recommendation to the Council.          Staff could operate under existing
directions and return to the Council on a case-by-case basis.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director, reported new elements in the Utilities
Legislative Guidelines for fiber could provide Staff with guidance regarding
current issues.

Mayor Holman asked if Agenda Item Numbers 14 and 15 could be continued
one or two weeks.

Mr. Keene felt one week might be better.

MOTION PASSED: 7-2 DuBois, Wolbach no

Council Member Burt asked if the Council would receive 80 requests for
appeal as Ms. Aziz suggested.

Ms. Stump advised Council Member Burt to ask Ms. Aziz about her
conceptualization of the Ordinance. There was not an issue of judicial
standing. The question was the meaning of the Ordinance. The Council
would need to make a reasonable and appropriate interpretation. The
appeal sentence in the Ordinance was straightforward. The Ordinance, when
read with the definition of person contained in the Municipal Code, intended
a liberal right of appeal. An appeal by some number of residents would put
at issue those conceptual determinations for the whole group.            The
Ordinance intended mitigation measures be applied consistently to similarly
situated individuals in the Park. The Park owner's counsel did not dispute
that the Association did represent some residents.


01/12/2015                                                            116- 317
