                          TRANSCRIPT
government to determine how best to effectively operate local activities. I
did want to let you know that that would be going out. That's all I have to
report.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: We move to Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements. I know some of my colleagues were at the League of Cities
conference in San Jose. I see lights from Council Members Kniss, Wolbach,
and Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Member DuBois and now Council
Member Berman. Council Member Kniss, would you care to ...

Council Member Kniss: I thought it was a particularly good conference. I
want to recommend to you two things in particular that are actually, as far
as I could tell, being videoed and should be online. The two keynotes were
a fellow named Greg Lucas, who is the librarian for the State, the State
Librarian. Did any of the rest of you hear him? Did you, Cory? Yeah. He
was fun. He was interesting. As they said, he makes a case for libraries in
this century that is hard to be denied. He really talks about it as kind of the
heartbeat of the community, the center of what's going on and what brings
communities together. He's lots of fun. I think you'd enjoy watching him.
If you'll bear with me a minute, I want to read you about the next one which
was Cam Marston, who is from Mobile, Alabama. He had one of the most
interesting talks I've heard. I don't think any of the rest of you did hear it.
Did you hear it? He'll describe it this way: "Only yesterday Gen X entered
the workplace and managers were perplexed with their behavior. Today Gen
Xers are the managers and are struggling to accommodate and retain the
millennial generation, as in Gen Y.        Millennials are the single largest
generation in the workplace.            They're fluent with technological
communications. They don't prefer it; they mandate it. Their ability to
empathize in person has been stymied due to an increase in handheld
technology." I love that part of it. That was so much fun. "Still very
relevant are the boomers—you know who you are—who are busier than they
ever thought they'd be at this point in their lives and careers." As this says,
get tips on working with and for different generations. He is one of the
funniest, I thought. What did you think, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: I had more laughs from him than I think I had all
week long. I've asked Beth if she could find out whether or not these videos
are available online through the League. I'm guessing they are, because
they were videoing them.
                                                                       Page 102 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
