                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: We'd probably get a much more useful bit of
information. It's the bottom of page 7 of the National Citizen Survey. We
have the combined excellent and good responses improved in several areas
by 6 or more percentage points, which is considered to be significant. It was
to great see. I'm sure there were some areas where it didn't, but across the
board a lot of our scores, a lot of our ratings, went up. A lot of the ratings
were more positive in south Palo Alto than they were in north Palo Alto.
Maybe I missed it, but is there a graph in here that shows where it's down
and calls out and summarizes the areas where we should be honing in and
trying to improve?

Ms. Richardson: There's arrows to show that. If you start where it says
trends over time, it's page 3 of the part that the National Research Center
put together. It looks like this. When you look at the right side of the page,
you see arrows up or down. That tells you the trend over time. A single
arrow means it's improved. Double arrows means it's much improved. A
line horizontal means it's similar as the earlier years. If the arrow's going
down, it means that you've declined. Double arrows down means you've
declined a lot.

Council Member Berman: That's great to have it there. It was helpful to
have it pulled out, the areas where we've improved a lot. Jim will get mad
at me for saying this, but it would be helpful to have pulled out the areas
where we've declined. That helps us focus on those areas or at least draw
attention to them. Maybe next year that's something we can consider.
Thank you, guys, very much. This is a massive amount of information and
helpful for everybody.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. I am a fan of this report. I try and use it
as often as possible over the course of the year. I urge my colleagues to do
so; I urge the public to do so. It balances out on one hand the survey of
what's on the minds of residents, what they're thinking about, with
measures of City performance on the other side. Each is valuable as we deal
with each issue during the year. There are two little disappointments I'd like
to bring out. Number one is the timing. All the data goes up through '14,
and it reports on the survey done in 2014. We usually get this around the
end of the year. It becomes an important document in our budget, as we
look at each department. Both the survey results, but more specifically the
measures of performance of each department becomes an essential way to
ask the question is it appropriate to change the budget and in what
direction. Specifically, what can we spend money on that would make a
difference? Budget hearings at the Finance Committee were closed last
week. It was very hard to get the information from this into that. Two days
ago we had the Summit to look at our Comp Plan Update. It would have
                                                                       Page 11 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
