                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I believe that is effective essentially now or in the next month. I'll
look to Cara for help on that.

Ms. Silver: To clarify, the California Avenue assessment bond has reached
its maturity, but I don't believe that we have permitted people to buy into
the assessment district prior to its formation. However, Assistant Director
Lait is correct that because the parking requirements for restaurant are
more than retail, just historically there has been that limitation on the
conversions just because California Avenue like University doesn't have a lot
of onsite parking. California also, unlike University, doesn't have a parking
in-lieu fee.

Council Member Burt: Are you saying that has historically been the case on
Cal. Ave. or would only kick in in a month?

Ms. Silver: My understanding is that we have not permitted people to buy
into the assessment district, but that there may have been some situations
where we have.

Ms. Gitelman: I believe there was a mechanism where the assessment
district was created and there was an existing suite of businesses and uses
that had to pay a certain amount that was established at the time. Over the
years, people have been able to buy in and the amount they pay per space
has increased. When the time left on the bond has diminished, it's been a
sliding scale. That ability to buy in is sunsetting with the bond. What
Assistant Director Lait is saying is going forward, it's going to be difficult for
any existing retail space to intensify to a restaurant or eating and drinking
use since it's so difficult to provide additional parking in the area. That will,
of course, change if and when we construct a garage and/or create a
mechanism for existing buildings and spaces to once again buy their way in.

Council Member Burt: That's an interesting development. I did want to ask
on this issue about Sherman. I think you alluded to this early on. I'm not
aware of retail on Sherman. Bob Moss said that it's a retail area. I'm down
there all the time, and I'm not aware of retail there. I look at your large
11x18, and I don't see any retail listed there. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, according to our Staff analysis out in the field, we did not
identify any retail on Sherman.

Council Member DuBois: One of the speakers spoke about El Camino. I'm
interested in El Camino along Cal. Ave. You only showed a small portion of
it beyond the area you showed on your map. Do you know offhand what a
lot of that zoning is, say, continuing along El Camino to Page Mill? Is that
CC(2) or CN? If you don't know, that's okay. I'm just curious.
                                                                           Page 44 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
