                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: I align my position with Council Member DuBois'.

Mayor Holman: Do we have any other Council Member comments? With
that, vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with an 8-0 vote
with Council Member Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: Now we return to Number 2 of Item 24, which is the Call for
Projects.

Council Member Kniss: Could I simply ask a question? All of those projects
seem to have merit. If we were going to divide them by need, merit,
whatever it might be, I'd probably be instantly drawn to our grade
separations. I need to know what the Staff—are you throwing it all against
the wall and hoping something sticks, or have you got your top five for
example?

Mr. Keene: You guys rescue me if I don't say this exactly right. I think the
intention is to really get the range and scope of any project that has
potential interest or viability for Palo Alto into the project list group. Clearly
we would have priorities. At this point we don't think that there's any
necessity to identify those and sharpen those.             I think as we move
particularly to the transportation tax measure, then we're going to want to
get very clear about what our priorities are. Now, the Council may look at
some of these things and say—I mean we've got some projects in there, for
example, in which we have identified some existing funding already. We've
got the pedestrian bridge even though our cost is kind of going up and we've
got a gap. We've got our Bike and Pedestrian Plan in there, and some of
those things. As was mentioned, there are some projects here included, the
widening of Page Mill Road, some of the expressway stuff, you may
ultimately say, "Are those things you want to really advocate for as much as
Caltrain and some other issues?" The thought was let's not have anything
outside the circle, because somebody could, when we get to the next stage,
say, "I'm sorry. We had this Call for Projects, and you should have had it in
the project list." That was the thinking.

Council Member Kniss: I think that sort of guides our conversation though.
Unless we are going to go through project by project tonight or unless
there's something we really do not want in there, we should probably look at
all the projects. That's not making a motion yet, but I would probably move
to put this forth intact. I want to hear what the rest of you have to say.

                                                                          Page 80 of 136
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/17/15
