                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I think what would be best is to not try to resolve
final wording tonight and simply to say that we want to include a broad
range of community members and we also want to have an emphasis on
these five categories. Those are, I think, the two objectives. I would
recommend that we just have descriptive language and let ...

Council Member DuBois: I think Staff understands.

Council Member Burt:   ... people hash out the wording later that reflects
those intentions.

Mayor Holman: The language that's on the board right now would sort of
get us there if Council Member DuBois would accept that and then Council
Member Filseth and ...

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I think Staff understands where we want to
go here. That's fine.

Mayor Holman: I see a light from Council Member Wolbach. Do you have
something else.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, actually tagging onto that one and then
one other. I think the best compromise here, where it says "including,"
change the word "including" to "particularly." That way it provides ...

Mayor Holman: We're going backwards, and I think we said we weren't
going to be wordsmithing after this.

Council Member Wolbach: I didn't say that.

Council Member Burt: You got your word in.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm proposing a compromise where we—the word
"including" at the end of that line would become "particularly" if that's
acceptable to the maker and the seconder. That way we keep the original
language which I strongly preferred and I think Burt did as well, but adds
the expansion that Mayor Holman suggested by making sure that we weren't
leaving out the rest of the community.

Mayor Holman: You're saying ...

Council Member Wolbach: Would Council Members—my suggestion is a
friendly amendment to change that word that's highlighted to "particularly
for" or actually just "particularly."

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?
                                                                    Page 88 of 107
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/5/15
