                         TRANSCRIPT
any way.      We want to offer to do something very positive for the
community. If you look at the revenue to be produced for the City, the TOT
calculations at a very conservative income basis provide about 14 percent of
the City's TOT budget, about $3 1/2 million a year into perpetuity. The
Housing Element I think Hillary captured correctly. We understand it does
use property that could be used for housing, but it's a very small quantity of
housing and not the optimum site according to the City Staff that put the
Housing Element together. The actual building, what it will look like. To
reiterate what I said before about the exterior skin and materials, we have
gone out of our way to upgrade the project far above what the brands
require. We think it'll be very, very pleasing.

Mayor Holman: Mr. Williamson ...

Mr. Williamson: Yes.

Mayor Holman: I'm stopping the clock here just for a second, because
you've put at the dais here a multi, multipage presentation. You have 10
minutes, and you've used 6 1/2 of that. I just wanted to let you know
where you are in the time.

Mr. Williamson: To go faster.

Mayor Holman: If you want to focus on the big picture aspects of the
project, that might be to your best advantage.

Mr. Williamson: Understood.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Mr. Williamson: From Greenhouse, if you take a look at this image that was
prepared, the actual trees that are in place were measured on the site. You
can see that the trees that screen the property are larger and taller than the
buildings themselves.     This is just a timeline to show what we have
accomplished. We bought this property about 18 months ago, and we had a
timeline with the brands that said we had to have the project approved by
the end of 2015 or we could lose the brands. Now, we're nowhere close to
that. It's been an interesting process. We are trying to communicate our
best. We're here tonight specifically to try to get positive feedback from the
City on whether the City would like to see this project. Hopefully, we'll be
able to renegotiate with the brands and get additional time to get this
project approved. What we would like to accomplish tonight, if you'd look at
the questions that we're posing to the Council, it is pretty simple. Is this a
good use for the site? Is there any major concern regarding the context, the
traffic, the Housing Element, historical evaluation? We'd like to understand
                                                                        Page 4 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
