                          TRANSCRIPT
think the greater density does contribute to sustainability. It's the basis for
people's jobs and life opportunities. I think even if we're selfish, there's a lot
of reason to try to change the way we approach housing. First, the things
that we love about the City: having a great Downtown, things that we can
walk to, great restaurants. A lot of that is served, in particular, by young
people and retired people who spend a lot of their time and disposable
income going to the retailers that we love. The second is it just makes for a
more interesting community. We are a college town now with just one
bookstore left. There's a reason for this. We don't have—two, Bell's plus
Town and Country, is that ... Yeah, okay. I consider Bell's more of a
collector's, but yes, you're right, two bookstores. It is different. I spend
time in Berkeley or Cambridge and other places where the variety of people,
which I think is evidenced not just by my anecdotal viewing, but the
demographic statistics of the places have a greater variety of people both in
terms of age and socioeconomic demographics. The second narrative that I
hear is yes, Council all agrees with all this. We have policies to encourage
density in transit corridors. This is already a top priority. You're preaching
to the choir. I think there are a lot of easy barriers that can be reduced. I'll
just give two simple ones. We have dwelling unit maximums that make it
difficult to build buildings that are mostly composed of smaller apartments.
We have parking minimums.             If people are living in those smaller
apartments near transit and don't want a car, they're essentially subsidizing
the parking spaces for really all of us. With regard to the preaching to the
choir, I do think everyone here recognizes this, so it is to some extent. I
wish that we would attack the problem with the same urgency that this
Council has attacked things like parking, retail preservation. Housing should
be one of those things that we constantly ask what are we doing to increase
the supply, what are we doing to make it more affordable, what are we
doing to increase diversity. Again, I think all the people here get this, but I
would love to see the kind of urgency that this Council has brought to many
other issues. Again, thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker is Shani Kleinhaus.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you, Mayor Holman, Council Members. Good
evening. I had notes, but they changed so much when I listened to people
talk tonight. I wanted to support what Gabriel Lewis said about be careful
with housing on the other side of 101. I wanted to refer to what Jan Stokley
said about the Housing Choices Coalition. I used to be on the board of that
organization. Like she said, most of the people who were on the board or
started the organization are Palo Alto residents. They are dealing with adult
children with developmental disabilities. That means that they have to take
care of them at home to the last day that they can. These people need
housing. I don't know how you arrange that housing, but this is really,
                                                                          Page 50 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/2/15
