                          TRANSCRIPT
need to move forward with it, and we need to give Staff clear direction. I
think what we've done is said it's to be determined by Staff. We could then
put Staff in the unenviable position of deciding if they're going to sell the
TDRs or if they're going to come back to Council. We do have a policy right
now where we do sell TDRs. We sat down, and we made clear that we were
going to fully park TDRs. I think that if we don't put this in the motion, we
will be undercutting doing this for Avenidas and getting it done. I think that
this whole thing could fall apart later on as we go through this process, as it
gets mixed up in other things. Whereas, I think if we say how we're going
to fund it, we get it done, we give them the money, and we pass it tonight,
they then know they have their money and they can then move forward. I
think we would be completely undercutting the whole intent of your motion if
we do that. I'm very afraid of as we go through this process that if we don't
make this clear that's what we're going to do, that there won't be an easy
funding mechanism for this. Therefore, I would ask and hope that you
would reconsider on that, and that we'd move forward and get this done and
these people could go home tonight knowing they had a funding source and
knowing where they are as opposed to being in this limbo land of having a
long and torturous process of how we fund this.

Council Member Kniss:      Let me respond, because I'm not going to be
convinced.

Mayor Holman: I want to speak to my second, if I could please.

Council Member Kniss: Sorry. I had forgotten you hadn't.

Mayor Holman: I fully agree, and now I think City Clerk has got the
language correct. One thing, and it's just a nit, I don't think we need the
language "similar to the Palo Alto History Museum." I don't think that adds
anything. The TDR (inaudible) is a TDR. David, would you take out "similar
to the Palo Alto History Museum"? I'll be brief here. I think it clarifies to a
great extent what actually Avenidas has been asking for. It confirms that
what the City is funding is the rehab and seismic retrofit of the existing
building and doesn't get it murked up with the rest of the project. I think
this provides great clarity. I'll have one more amendment when we go
forward, but first we focus on this one. Council Member Kniss, did you want
to—actually Council Member Berman had his light on.

Council Member Berman: I just want to say I'm in full support of the
amendment to the motion. I think Council Member Scharff and Mayor
Holman said it more eloquently than I will. I think it's important for us to
provide the community with certainty. I think it's important for us to
provide us and Staff with certainty as to where these resources are going to

                                                                       Page 87 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
