                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Rossmann: Correct, Mayor Holman. The motion was that we would
have to provide you with a different position reduction, if we don't have a
budget surplus. The budget surplus is at $390,000. The Community Service
Officer position was previously recommended to be frozen by the City
Manager. Between the Finance Committee and the Council meeting on
June 8, we froze that position.

Mayor Holman: The City Clerk has last week's motions to put on the screen.
This was the main motion, and this can also be found on page 3 of the at-
places memo that starts "Summary of June 8 Fiscal Year 2016 City Council
Budget Hearing." That's this document that's at places. You all should be
familiar with that. We have more to address, but I want to make sure we
catch it all. We need a motion and a second to ... I did not see that.

Council Member DuBois: Clarification. Before we move on this, are we
discussing anything to do with the budget prior?

Mayor Holman: Yes, anything. I hadn't seen any more lights.

Council Member DuBois: Just super quick. Got a very interesting email at
places from Bob Moss. He looked at all ten SSOs that were in place since
1992 when the ordinance was adopted. Single-story overlay. Interestingly,
he indicated that no one had ever paid a fee for an SSO. I wanted to ask
Staff does anyone know when the fee was instituted.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, this is coming to us on June 29th.

Council Member DuBois: I know. Based on this information, I wanted to
see if there's a appetite to get rid of the fee since no one has ever paid it.

Council Member Burt: As a budget item.

Mayor Holman: As a budget item, okay. City Attorney, do we need to have
a couple of recusals? You indicated this morning perhaps not if it's a broad
topic, if I understood correctly.

Mr. Keene: I'm assuming that this is question and answer, not a policy
discussion. Once you get into discussion, it's a different thing.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. Just to respond to that question. There is currently not a specific
fee in the fee schedule for single-story overlays. What we've been thinking
we would apply is the fee we used for any rezonings. That's what the folks
have been reacting to negatively. The Council's direction at last week's

                                                                       Page 21 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
