                         TRANSCRIPT
years ago, it was so bad. Right now it would even be worse. I predict that
people are going to be parking cars in the residential area, your
constituents, Evergreen Park and Southgate as well as Grant and Sherman,
Sheridan Avenue. They're going to have problems. Lastly, City records
indicate that Staff is in contact with members of "the California Avenue
Business Association" whose initials are CABA/MOCA. I don't know what
that is. I don't know of any way for the public to attend their meetings. I
don't know who the people are, if they were elected, how they communicate
with or represent everyone else in the district. I question how well Staff is
communicating with all the stakeholders in the district. I ask you to
remember the trees. Thank you.

Michal Pyatok speaking for 5 people: Mayor Holman and Members of the
City Council, my name is Michal Pyatok. I live in Oakland, and my business
is in Oakland. I felt compelled to come down here to speak on behalf of the
residents of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Community. I'll tell you why. You
may recall that I was the architect for two of your recent affordable housing
projects, Oak Court on Ramona and Channing and also Tree House on
Charleston. I've been a practicing architect now for 48 years, and I wouldn't
be standing here in front of you today had not I faced the same conditions
that they're facing at Buena Vista, but was able to survive it, which I hope
you will make sure they do too. I've been also a professor for those 48
years, teaching architecture to graduate students, working in lower-income
communities     doing    service-oriented   studios   serving   lower-income
neighborhoods. Why would I do this with my career with a degree from
Harvard, with all the opportunities that had opened up before me with that
degree? When I heard about the struggles of the folks at Buena Vista, I
could not help but identify with what they had been through. I had come
down to listen to them, to that incredible evening of their testimony, in
particular by the children. I grew up in one of the worst tenements of
Brooklyn, New York. Built in 1900 for the hordes of immigrants that came
over around that time. Those were tired tenements by the time I was born
there in the early '40s. Factories were surrounding us with smoke belching
from their coal-fired furnaces. My mother, a single mother raising two sons
on welfare, made sure that we would never be forced out of those
tenements. I'll tell you why. I spent the first 22 years of my life, did my
entire education before Harvard, was living out of that roach-infested
tenement. It was one room. Three of us living in that one room. In a sense
it was the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park stacked four stories high. It was
almost 50 years old when we moved into it. We were fortunate, because
FDR had enacted emergency wartime legislation to allow rent control in New
York in 1943 to protect the tenants from being forced out by unscrupulous
landlords. Those tenants were all working in the war industry. From the
beginning of that legislation, the landlord came every year in an effort to
                                                                        Page 8 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
