                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Is there another table that is the other low density
zones?

Ms. French: Yeah. We're not in that chapter right now with this change.

Council Member DuBois: The other part of that was on page 13, 18.12.60,
parking. The other zones were struck. Is that because they don't apply in
this chapter?

Ms. French: Correct, another cut and paste problem, I think, from the
earlier update back in 2005.

Council Member DuBois:       You're telling me there is another chapter that
applies to those zones?

Ms. French: Yes. It's Chapter 18.10.

Council Member DuBois: Got it. Thank you for that clarification.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, can we come back to you or are
you just about done?

Council Member DuBois: I am just about done. Actually, I think I'm exactly
done, just to point out to Commissioner Scharff that in Attachment E there is
a dry rot exclusion, if you want to look at that and see if it covers what you
want. It's in there.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: One quick comment and one question. Back on page 5,
we talked about that Zoning Code interpretation. Halfway down, there's an
important sentence that says the interpretation shall become effective, shall
become the standard interpretation for future applications. It implies it's
very important. Anyone out in the community at some point might want to
be aware of it. How do you reach them? How do you make it transparent?
Putting it on the City website is one thing, but I know there are difficulties in
finding what you want to find on the website. I wonder if it might be useful
to have a quarterly information report to the Council. I don't know how
many of these you get, but there are probably more than one or two that
come. A quarterly report to the Council, an information item, would make it
public, make the Council aware of it, and maybe at yearend it makes a nice
annual package that could be put together. I think something like that
might be very helpful in transparency. On page 7, one quick question. The
last paragraph on that page, Item 5 says in R-1 zones these are excluded
from gross floor area. The less than 50 percent enclosed, so if it is 50

                                                                         Page 57 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
