                         TRANSCRIPT
community is. I'd say good luck with it. I hope it picks up momentum as it
goes along.

Mr. Fehrenbach: Just to clarify, within the existing structure that we have
today, this is a Municipal Code Ordinance. Therefore, we do have the ability
to institute a Municipal Code infraction. We would look to the Council in
terms of how you would want to approach using that tool that we have and
also if you wanted to explore some of the other tools that some other cities
do employ.

Council Member Kniss: That sounds rather like a sledgehammer. I think
maybe something a little more sophisticated than that to begin with.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. I think the critical issue from Council's
perspective of initiating this was to find out how many jobs there are in
town, so we can use that for planning purposes, both for what we need now
and what we might need in the future. A key question, is there a way of
checking the 69,000 you have registered against the total number of jobs in
town? In a little bit of checking, I guess I found three different sites that
had data on jobs in the City. One is the BLS; one is the Census Bureau that
under America Fact Finder every five years does a census of jobs in town
and publishes that which is available; and there's ABAG. Now, I notice in
our existing conditions report that we cite the number from ABAG, 89,370.
Where do they get their number? If you look at their files, data appendices,
it comes from something called NETS, National Establishment Time Series.
They do this annually, and they do it by function of business. Having that as
a comparative total number and number in each type of industry would give
us a way of judging how we're doing. They had 89,000 in 2010; you have
69,000 so far in 2015. It does involve a bit of the discrepancy. I guess I'd
like the next time you come with your list to have a list also of what others
are doing when they do their phone calls and analysis of businesses in town.
It raises the question of whether we should be using NETS for ourselves
since they do it each year and update the changes that take place each year.
It is gathered by Dunn and Bradstreet, so it's a private corporation. I think
the literature makes the case that they are more effective in measuring all
jobs than the government is in the Census Bureau. Leads to the issue of
exemptions. You have a list of firms that might be exempted. I think the
goal of measuring the jobs in town, people who are coming to work, would
argue that there be no exemptions. Maybe you can exempt them from fees.
Since NETS makes the case that there are a very large number of very small
firms, especially in a tech industry rich area, exemptions would not get us to

                                                                       Page 16 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
