                          TRANSCRIPT
for how we've been doing things traditionally. We're at a tipping point right
now of our commitment, the Research Park commitment, and hopefully
collaboration with VTA and you. We can do a significant transformation.
Those would be my inputs. I'd be interested in my colleagues' thoughts on
that.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you to County staff. I appreciate all the
hard work you guys put into this. It's a lot of hours and it's not just this.
This is one segment on our side. I appreciate that. What we're doing with
the Research Park, what we're planning on doing in terms of going forward
on TDM is the right model to think about this. My hope is we would do these
improvements. They're good improvements and we should do them. We
don't let it get worse because we've done the improvements with the TDM.
As part of this, I'd like to see a model of how many cars we need to take out
of the Research Park in terms of getting them out of single vehicle
occupancy lanes, what that would look like for it not to get any worse and to
have solved that problem long term. I don't know if that modeling is
possible. If we do the new lane, I'd like to know what it looks like if those
were HOV lanes. We need the flexibility when go ahead and do a TDM
program of how are we going to do a TDM program. The assumption is that
we're going to have the employers bring people in buses and also use
Caltrain. To make the bus system work and make it convenient, an HOV
lane for buses seems to be the way to solve that problem. I agree with my
colleagues in the notion that if the extra lane becomes an HOV lane with
priorities for buses, shuttles and all of that, that moves people around, that
seems to work the best. If we don't have that HOV lane, I'm not sure we
get the buses through there the way it currently is that makes any incentive
for people to use those buses. That would be something I'd like to see us
move to. One of the big issues from a regional perspective is the backup on
280. You drive down 280, you get to that, it impedes traffic region-wide on
280. We need to make sure we solve that issue and solve it long term. I
don't think it's useful if seven years later it's back to being that. We're lucky
that Stanford owns the Research Park. With our ability to put in significant
TDM measures with teeth that say all employers need to have a certain
reduction in trips over time, we can achieve that, but we need the tools of
an extra lane to figure out how to make that work. I don't know if the
County can do some planning in terms of what it would take, what we should
be telling Stanford we should be doing, like we want X number of trips not to
occur, we want to reduce this number of trips, we want you to run buses
and vans that get that done. We have a shuttle system that runs the other
direction from Caltrain to the Research Park and how that looks in terms of
using the Expressway System. I assume it's reverse commute if you come
from the Caltrain Station and go up, so it should be okay. We should at
least think about that. This is one of the few times where I saw not just
                                                                           Page 21 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
