                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Then to be fair, Vice Mayor and Council Member Berman
and Council Member Burt did not get to ask any questions at all. Maybe to
be fair a little bit, you might defer your questions to those.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. If you come back to me, I have a few more
questions.

Mayor Holman: The order was Vice Mayor, Council Member Burt and Council
Member Berman. If we go in that order and each have five minutes, that
would be good. Then I'll come back to you, Council Member DuBois. Is that
agreeable?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Two questions as a follow up. This is a great study. It
was good to have, but I note that the data we're dealing with is Fiscal Year
2013. All the charts and the figures we have going into the future reflect
what was taking place 2 1/2 years ago. It is important to note that two
years ago we talked about moving the rate down from 7.5 to 7. Here we are
two years later. I guess I note that if you take the last 13 years of return at
CalPERS, the rate of return averages 7 percent. If you look at the real
economy, there's some dramatic changes that have taken place between the
earlier period and the last 15 years. Between 1980 and 2000, the real
economy grew 3.1 percent per year. Since then, it's grown 1.9 percent per
year, about 36 percent less. The workforce participation rates have actually
declined of the working age population. Productivity rates are down from
what they were in that earlier period. The median wage has not gained.
There are a lot of real indicators in the economy that rates of return aren't
going to return to where they were in the '70s and the '80s and the '90s.
These historic rates of return seem to me to be unrealistic. It's important
we confront that issue. Should we be pushing with Bartel's recommend to
us to go to a 7 percent rate of return? We need to take a realistic rate about
paying for the liabilities we have rather than pushing it off to the future.
Another very important factor is if you take the last two years, 2015 and
what we know about 2016 Fiscal Year, rates of return are likely to be close
to zero. That means we are returning to where we were in '08 and '09, not
quite as bad but to two poor years in a row. I think Mr. Bartel made the
case that the reason we are having these escalating rates now is we're
trying to make up for the shortcomings in '08 and '09. What happens if we
have another shortfall that we need to make up over the next five years?
There's some real fundamental questions about where are we, what
assumptions should we make. The second point I'd like to make is just the
rate of return, especially in our Safety. When we look at money wage issues
there, we have so many of those people are close to retirement, will be

                                                                         Page 19 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
