                             MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion “giving special attention to
options on El Camino Way”.

Mr. Rodriguez interpreted that language to mean if Staff proceeded with
other options, then they would consider impacts in a future phase.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to remove sharrows in both directions on Maybell Avenue.

Council Member Scharff understood that before adding sharrows, Staff would
perform outreach. If the community opposed sharrows, they would not be
installed.

Council Member DuBois felt it was overly specific to direct Staff to install
sharrows in both directions, and preferred Staff conduct outreach prior to
deciding whether or not to install sharrows in both directions

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mr. Rodriguez reported the near-term options proposed for Maybell Avenue
would not include sharrows. Staff needed more outreach and community
input. There was plenty of time to conduct outreach before completing
design of the project.

Mayor Holman inquired whether Staff wanted the Motion to include language
regarding community outreach.

Mr. Rodriguez answered no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

9.    Adoption of Procedure to Vote Before Holding Closed Sessions.

Council Member Scharff stated typically the Council did not have an
opportunity to think about its reasons for moving into Closed Session. The
proposal allowed the Council to have a contemplative moment and decide
whether to move into Closed Session. All Council Members would be present
on the dais to consider moving into Closed Session. The Policy and Services
Committee reached a split vote on the issue.

Herb Borock agreed with the proposal. Currently the Council had to vote not
to move into Closed Session. The proposal would change the meaning of a
tie vote. The Council could delay moving into Closed Session in order to
obtain an objective Staff Report of the history of an item. The public could
have that Staff Report in order to advise the Council.

01/20/2015                                                            216- 352
