                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman did not anticipate conflicts of interest with respect to the
Comprehensive Plan. However, discussion of short-term ideas would likely
generate conflicts of interest.

Ms. Stump indicated that was generally correct. Legal issues were complex
and changing. Council Members' interests that could be implicated by
discussions varied and had changed from 2014 with the addition of new
Council Members.

Mayor Holman noted Council Members were aware of previous public
comments. The Council could direct Staff to explore short-term ideas and
possible conflicts of interests. The FPPC would respond in approximately 30
days regarding potential conflicts of interest.     Motions should provide
sufficient information for Staff to determine whether conflicts of interest
existed; however, Motions did not need to be perfect.

Beth Rosenthal advised that most of the tenants of 550 Hamilton Avenue
were mental health professionals. She noted the loss of a variety of
businesses along Cowper Street. She requested the Council consider means
to establish a reasonable balance between professional services and big
businesses.

Connie Henshall, Lockheed Martin, indicated consistent and clear land use
regulations had been critical as Lockheed Martin's presence in Palo Alto had
evolved over the past 50 years. Lockheed Martin was concerned about
recent discussions of an annual Office/R&D growth limit. Prospective growth
limits could force Lockheed Martin to redirect future R&D growth to the
Sunnyvale campus.

John Guisliz urged the Council to utilize quality of life as the primary metric
for measuring any project. Development caps were an appropriate tool to
identify permanent solutions to challenges. He urged the Council to focus on
short-term, temporary caps for California Avenue and University Avenue
commercial cores. Development caps should be utilized until Residential
Parking Permit (RPP) Programs were operational.

Neilson Buchanan suggested parking demand in the California Avenue and
University Avenue commercial cores should be studied and documented with
leading edge employers. Conversion of retail space to office must cease for
at least 24 months. The Transportation Management Agency (TMA) and RPP
stakeholder process must be elevated with oversight by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC). The RPP stakeholder group should
report to the Council not less than every 60 days. Parking garages needed
signage and wayfinding applications, particularly at night.


03/23/2015                                                             117- 132
