                             MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, requested Agenda Item Number 7 be continued
to a date uncertain.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to continue Agenda Item Number 7 - Colleagues' Memo From Mayor
Holman, Council Members Burt, Schmid, and Wolbach Regarding
Strengthening City Engagement with Neighborhoods, to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Wolbach no, Holman, Scharff absent

Mr. Sartor advised that Ms. Wasserman provided good points regarding the
jury process. He supported Staff's recommendation.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council may need additional information prior to
making a selection of a design.

Council Member Burt reported the Council received additional information
regarding risks and benefits of Submission A, HNTB with respect to birds.
Submission A, HNTB appeared to have inherently higher risks to birds than
Submission C, Moffatt and Nichol. He asked how that information was
considered in the review process.

Mr. Eggleston advised that wildlife safety was a design guideline for the
competition. He did not recall specific discussion of threats to birds.

Council Member Burt questioned the jury's choice of a design with a higher
risk to bird safety, which was contrary to design guidelines.

Mr. Eggleston stated the jury discussed the diverter disks as a mitigating
factor for bird safety. Members of the public did not raise concerns for bird
safety during the competition.

Council Member Burt inquired about a method to obtain an independent
assessment of risks to bird safety.

Mr. Eggleston remarked that the HNTB team and the Audubon Society had
provided names of experts who supported both positions.

Council Member Burt recalled Submission C, Moffatt and Nichol did not have
a separation made for cyclists and pedestrians.      He asked if anyone
questioned Moffatt and Nichol as to whether a separation was feasible for
their design.

Mr. Eggleston understood Moffatt and Nichol explained during the
competition that their submission provided a small, two to three inch vertical
separation for cyclists and pedestrians.

03/16/2015                                                             117- 105
