                          TRANSCRIPT
projections. The roofline won't even be seen by nearby pedestrians because
it's high enough. Horizontal glass projections on the design contrast to
appealing colored canvas awnings on neighboring buildings, some of which
you can see in the picture. Fourth, the size, proportion and orientation of
windows, bays and doorways. The design's windows have no particular
aesthetic interest. They're simply rectangular in contrast to many punched
art windows on upper floors on both sides of University Avenue. Fifth, the
location and treatment of entryways. All other entryways on the University
Avenue block are deeply recessed, hence pedestrian-friendly. The design's
entryways appear to be nearly flush with the façade and not very inviting to
pedestrians. Lastly, the shadow patterns from massing and decorative
features, another compatibility element. The design's shadow is going to be
massive because of its bulk. It has no decorative features. The design
appears to me to be most compatible with the parking garage on Bryant
Street at the upper left. The Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan, cited briefly by
another speaker, maintain the scale and character of the City. Avoid land
uses that are overwhelming and unacceptable due to their size and scale. I
urge the City Council to uphold this appeal. Thank you.

Jon Goldman: Thank you. I've had the distinct pleasure of working in
Downtown Palo Alto continuously since 1997, since 2011 as the owner of a
business with 15 employees.         We're at 539 Alma Street, which is a
wonderful 1921 Birge Clark building which we participated in restoring when
we moved in. I walk around Downtown every day. I ride my bike to work a
lot. I've certainly seen a lot of changes. Dare I say, I think Downtown has
improved and has become quite a spectacular place. I've been a fan of Ken
Hayes over the years, enjoyed seeing attractive modern buildings mixed
with the traditional buildings. I'm really a fan of this building, this proposed
project, because I like the idea of a mixed-use building. It's elegant. It's
well designed, has the residences onsite. Who wouldn't want to live there
right in the middle of Downtown? I'm a little surprised that the height has
become such an issue. There are many iconic tall buildings in Downtown
that I love, like the President Hotel, the University Art, 250 University which
many think is an older building with the bell tower which is actually a
modern building. I didn't entirely grasp the amount of retail contribution of
this building on Kipling Street. To have the storefronts contributing to the
sustainability and activity and vibrancy of Kipling Street is quite exciting. I
am amazed at how all these projects get appealed. I've been doing business
in this City for a long time. People say to me, "What about that famous Palo
Alto process I heard about?" I always say, "If you follow the rules, you
won't have a problem, so read them, understand them and follow them."
My understanding is this project does meet the legal requirements;
therefore, it should be allowed to move forward. Thank you.

                                                                        Page 37 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
