                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You're not speaking then about perimeter, open space or a
greenbelt or anything like that?

Mr. Ross: We will. It's really important for this building to be a great
neighbor to the Cal. Ave. area. One of the defining features of a Public
Safety Building is it needs to have adequate security setbacks. In these
security zones, they can be green; they can be storm water retention bio-
swales. They also function as vehicle barriers for car ramming, things like
that. You get multiuse out of the setbacks and green areas.

Mr. Keene: We can have a lot of features.

Mayor Holman: Regarding Site 8, a quick question about that one. It says it
was eliminated due to long and uncertain property acquisition process. I
wouldn't want to compare anything to the Post Office property process, but
you're comparing it to that. Is that really what we're talking about? Is it
truly that uncertain or how long is it likely to be? I don't want to delay this.
The advantage that it has, from my perspective, is it's further away from
California Avenue. It's still centrally located, but it's a bit further away from
California Avenue businesses. That's why I’m interested in it. It's not the
only reason, but it's the primary reason I'm interested in it.

Mr. Eggleston: Hamid's telling us that we didn't actually have conversations
with the County about that site. That's certainly something we can follow up
on.

Mayor Holman: I would absolutely recommend and appreciate that for
reasons already stated. Other Council Members didn't comment on that
very much, somewhat though. That's the disadvantage of going last. That
would also give us more than one potentially viable site to be looking at.
We've already said there's no point in going out and researching these other
two sites that were part of the three Staff recommendations. If that could
take us up to two, I'd really appreciate that. Especially if it hasn't been
explored. Council Member Wolbach is nodding his head up and down over
here. That is the end of my questions. My only other comment is I don't
ever want to see again that the City's building a 50-year building. We
should be building for much longer than that. Flexible functions inside, but
we shouldn't be building 50-year buildings. It's probably some template
that's been around or language that continues to carry forward, but let's not
build for 50 years. Any other comments?

Mr. Sartor: To follow up on your request on the County, we'll bring back
information on that when we bring back the report.


                                                                          Page 52 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
