                         TRANSCRIPT
evict us. We were under constant threat of displacement, removal and total
disruption in our lives and in our education. We hung in there for those 22
years, not just because it only cost my mother 25 percent of a minimum
wage salary.       There were great shopping opportunities within walking
distance. The wonderful group of people who lived there with us, to this day
I remember every one of their faces.            It was an incredibly cohesive
community. Nor was it only because we had a subway stop a block away
that only cost a dime. The reason why we stayed those 22 years and she
made certain that we could stay there those 22 years, because she
understood the most important measure of what successful, good housing is.
It's the education system in which that housing is located. How good is the
local school is all that matters. That's all that parents care about. No
matter how bad the conditions of the housing, no matter how many roaches
we had to fight off, and on the fourth floor we had to fight off the leadership
of the roach community, because they had to pass through three floors of
other families to survive. We were dealing with the wiliest ones, and we'd
win out. A half a block up the street was this incredible school, a public
elementary school with an unassuming name, PS 107.                   They had
extraordinary teachers there, who knew and believed that they were
creating the future foundation, leaders of the country. They were damn
good at it. There was no way she was going to let our landlord evict us.
They did so well, that I got into a private middle school just a few blocks
away. I was able to walk into that other neighborhood to go to that school.
Then I got a scholarship to a Jesuit high school in Manhattan, as did my
brother who went on to law school by the way at Columbia. He was a much
better killer of roaches than I, and I think that's why he became an attorney.
No offense to the attorneys in the room. It didn't matter; the housing
conditions didn't matter. The Jesuits were teaching us Latin and Greek, and
we were translating all the ancient texts back into English. It was an
extraordinary education.      That's all that mattered.      When I left that
tenement to go to Harvard, I remember that day. I took a long last look at
that row of four-story tenements and the row of four-story factories across
the street, and that wonderful Beaux Art three-story public school, PS 107,
just beyond them. I promised myself that someday I would have to pay
back. I was stunned that evening when the appraiser did not include
education as one of the most important ingredients in measuring
comparability of housing locations. It's the most important; it's the only
thing that matters. Not the condition of the housing. I've been an architect
now 40,000 multifamily dwelling units, and the winner of hundreds of design
awards and competitions.         Last year, the AIA gave me one of its
distinguished awards, the Thomas Jefferson Award for Public Architecture.
I'd be the first to assure you that the single most important measure of good
housing is not the quality of its fixtures, finishes and furnishings. It's not
how great it looks on the outside. It's not how many awards it's won or how
                                                                          Page 9 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
