                             MINUTES
Council Member DuBois was discussing broadening beyond the due process.

Ms. Stump stated Council Member DuBois wanted to go beyond what was
being requested.

Council Member Kniss would say far less in a quasi-judicial proceeding than
in other proceedings.

Vice Mayor Schmid preferred to be light-handed on the legislative issue. In
order to respond to public comment, the Council had to be flexible in its
responses.

Council Member Burt did not understand Vice Mayor Schmid's concern. The
discussion did not concern constraining Council Members' ability to respond.
He questioned whether Council Members should share new data relevant to
a legislative matter in advance.

Vice Mayor Schmid was referring to a Council Member recalling a piece of
information in response to public comment.

Ms. Stump added that Council Members should share information with
colleagues, Staff, and the public. That would allow Council Members to be
more effective and inclusive.

Mr. Keene reported Staff discussed advancing the release of packets so that
the Council and public had more time to prepare for meetings. The Council
should consider customs for Council interaction. The Policy and Services
Committee could explore boundaries for providing information and for
altering Council discussion to allow assimilation of information.

Mayor Holman inquired whether Council Members could submit suggestions
for Policy and Services Committee discussion subsequent to the meeting.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

Mr. Keene remarked that the Council governed itself by adopting procedures
and protocols. If the Council wished to memorialize a decision, then it could
be incorporated into the Procedures and Protocols document.

Mayor Holman suggested the Council provide direction to the Policy and
Services Committee regarding additional Committee of the Whole meetings.

Council Member Burt noted the Council held straw polls at the Retreat to
refer a number of items to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member DuBois reported pages 22 and 23 of the Retreat Minutes
indicated the Council referred guidelines for telephone participation, review

02/17/2015                                                           116- 486
