                          TRANSCRIPT
the paper that I put on public record. I do encourage you to listen to Wynn
Parker. He can tell you more about it. One other thing too is Abby Martin
explains why fluoride is poison. This is on YouTube. She actually shows you
on Earth Day that we're drinking the air pollution from the fertilizer industry
in China to reduce cavities. If people knew that, they would be ticked off. If
you're drinking this with lead and arsenic in it, who wants to give lead and
arsenic to their children? We know from the Harvard studies, when it lowers
children's Intelligence Quotients (IQ), which you have the Harvard studies
that I put on public record, why isn't anybody trying to stop this?

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening again, Council Members. I've looked with
some bemusement at the movement to have a higher minimum wage at the
very same time when we're doing a large number of things to harm poor
workers, like telling them they can't sleep in their cars and not having any
kind of shelter for them and making the price of homes too much for them.
It seems to me that before we raise the minimum we should have that
assessment of the businesses that's going to come in order to have a
business license. We should ask the workers as well as the employers about
the effects of the minimum wage on their job and their business. We don't
have to go by scare stories from Oakland. We should realize that all of the
upward trend of the economy and the houses and the businesses and the
money is not going to be mitigated by taking a piece out of Baskin and
Robbins and your local taqueria. Instead what the cities of this country
should do is stand up on their hind legs and say to the government, "We
want single payer." That is we want the Social Security money to go into
the health insurance instead of sending that health insurance money to the
investment companies, to the insurance investment companies to put more
money in the economy. The people are really suffering from not having the
health insurance that they have paid for with their taxes. This is a good
time to look at it, because we're looking at the difficulties of being poor
workers. That's what's driving the call for a greater minimum wage. Those
difficulties are real. I would like to suggest to you that their suffering would
be greatly mitigated if we had national health insurance, so that all the
money that the workers and the employers are putting into health would go
into health. It would be a safety net for everybody in the country. This is
probably the best time to look at it, when we're looking at the enormous
inequalities in wealth and in salaries and the enormous suffering of the poor.
Thank you very much.

Mike Francois: I'm going to speak on a subject that came to my attention
last week. It was on Assembly Bill 277. That was last week. It came in the
news, people up in Sacramento protesting mandatory vaccinations which
Governor Brown signed. He's not forcing people with religious beliefs, but
he did sign it. He also approved fracking. Something's wrong with him. It

04/20/2015                                                              117- 318
