                         TRANSCRIPT
work in tandem. We'll have to work closely with the Urban Forestry Division
to make sure that both of those legislations are coordinated with this effort.
It's both.   "Protected" would be protected under our Tree Protection
Ordinance and protected under the Solar Shade Act.

Mayor Holman: I don't see that that's how this is written. This says, "for
properties with protected trees in sync with the Solar Shade Act." It seems
to me that the language should be something more akin to "exceptions for
properties with protected trees and protection of trees in sync with the Solar
Shade Act." "Protected trees" seems like it shouldn’t be there. It seems like
it limits the protections.

Ms. Jacobsen: We'll have to talk with our Urban Forestry partners and get
back to you exactly on the details of that language. That's what came out of
our meetings with them. We can certainly look into it and make sure that
we've looked at it from all angles.

Mayor Holman: But we're here to vote on this tonight. That's one question.
I had a question about cement use. On the one hand, I'm happy that we
can reduce, because cement is the biggest polluter in manufacture of any
construction material whatsoever. When you're talking about "products
used to replace cement in concrete mix designs," you're talking about fly
ash, slag and you mention a couple of others. I'm sure you've looked at
this, but I want to make sure. When we build basements here, they have to
be built like ships that go underground. Are these formulas for concrete just
for foundations or for basements and foundations? I'm not clear on the
utilization of this exactly.

Ms. Jacobsen: In terms of reduction in cement use, it's about the volume of
cement that's being used.      It wouldn't necessarily be specific to the
application of the cement. If there's X cubic tons of cement used, it would
be based on that amount. The civil and structural engineer would determine
what would be structurally sound for those items.

Mayor Holman: Okay, I guess. It's not very clear.

Male: What page are you on?

Mayor Holman: It's Packet Page 711. It's not very clear here what the
application is. It doesn't seem to address both issues. Council Member
Scharff, do you have a question? We have two members of the public.

Council Member Scharff: I do have a question. I wanted to follow up since
you're asking us to vote tonight. Mayor Holman made two good points.
When we came up with reduction in cement uses as an example, was that

04/20/2015                                                             117- 336
