                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: I believe we have completed this item except for Number 3,
which we are kicking down the road.

Mr. Keene: I just think we'll be having a discussion on the 31st. The
Council may then decide you want to schedule some other discussions in
September to start to define our guiding principles. You may want to add to
or sharpen your message then as to how you want to communicate with the
powers that be on this.        The main thing is my understanding is Jim
Lightbody will have to be sitting in front of a computer entering these
projects into some arcane software that probably will take ten days to do
literally. That's the process.

Council Member Berman: One quick question I have is it clear. Have we
given direction to Staff to send a letter along with this list of projects saying
"We disagree with this entire process anyhow" or does that need to be
explicit?

Mayor Holman: We didn't move that. City Manager, do you think you have
clear enough intention by the Council?

Mr. Keene: Would it be okay to try to exercise some diplomacy but still
make our points? Including the fact that you also adopted this letter with
these other jurisdictions where you want to see collaboration and planning,
you're being rushed, we're sort of under duress submitting this because
these are deadlines that have been imposed.

Council Member Berman: All of that and we don't agree with this process
and we think San Mateo County did it better.

Mayor Holman: And concerns about prioritization as the motion that Council
Member Burt had made too.

Mr. Keene: We've got it. The Mayor would be signing it.

Mayor Holman:     Are Council Members okay with that, entrusting that
language and drafting to Staff? Good.

26.   Discussion of Possible Adjustments to the Comprehensive Plan Update
      Community Advisory Committee (CAC).

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 12:00 A.M.



                                                                        Page 108 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
