                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Could they be annexed onto this SSO?

Ms. French: Not tonight, but at some point in the future, if they were to
explore that and go through the process.

Council Member DuBois: If they went that annexation route, there'd be no
fee for them as well?

Ms. French: We are not charging any fees for any single-story overlay that
comes forward. We've had quite a number since July.

Council Member DuBois:      As a Warrior fan, I'm going to move the Staff
recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman:      Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Council
Member Kniss.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt the Ordinance Establishing a Single Story Overlay District for
83 Homes Within the Los Arboles Tract.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your Motion, Council Member
DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, just briefly. I think this meets all the
requirements for our Ordinance. I'd like to see the other SSOs to come.
Hopefully they do the same. 80 percent of the owners say they want this;
that's an extremely high threshold. I do hope that this adjacent tract could
come back, hopefully, as an annex. Hopefully, our PTC will accommodate
that request from the neighborhood and keep it as a contiguous tract. I
hadn't seen anybody speak against this. I think, even if we had vocal
opposition from the 20 or 30 percent that didn't agree, we need to keep in
perspective that the threshold is 70 percent or 60 percent in cases where it's
deed restricted to single-story overlays. That's a very high threshold. Even
just that idea that you need 60 percent when the properties are already
deed restricted is a pretty high bar. I think tonight's action is about privacy.
It doesn't mandate design in any way. These are single-story buildings.
They could be replaced with non-Eichlers. I think for some of our historic
neighborhoods we may want to pass some ability to actually have a
compatible design overlay, but that's not what we're here for tonight. I'm
glad we were able to waive the fees and that these guys were able to come
forward. I wholeheartedly support it.


                                                                            Page 15 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
