                         TRASNCRIPT
the dais. With that we return to where we were in terms of speaking to
process, subcommittees, schedule. Council Members.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, I'd be happy to go to the next part of the
presentation if you think that's ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, on process?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. This issue about what happens if we have a tie
for the fifth, I think, is something we should address before we see the
outcome.

Mayor Holman: I think you're correct, yes.

Council Member Burt: I don't know. One tie-breaker concept would be, if
there was a tie, the person who got the most votes on the preceding ballot,
on the initial ballot. I'm open to anything else that is rational or semi-
rational. I do think we should decide it before we look at who it is.

Mayor Holman: One other possibility is we could do it on cumulative vote
count.

Council Member Burt: On what?

Mayor Holman: One other possibility is cumulative vote count. First ballot
and second ballot.

Council Member Burt: Sure. Council Member DuBois, do you have thoughts
on this or something else?

Council Member DuBois: No, I was going to (inaudible) I had one more
thing on process before we (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: A process question, Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I wanted to talk to Item 15.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, is your question or comment on
the vote count for the—okay.

Council Member Wolbach: Just in the off chance that there is also still a tie
with the cumulative vote count, as unlikely as it is, as a backup I'd say we
should just plan to flip a coin.

Mayor Holman: I think we should be a little more deliberative than that.
Are Council Members okay with a cumulative count for ...

                                                                      Page 80 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
