                         TRANSCRIPT
back in the studies that you had? I think you had the circulation, shadow,
what did you have? You had shadow. What else did you have?

Council Member Burt: I did not have circulation; although, I'd be willing to
accept that as an Amendment.

Mayor Holman: Okay. And then shadow.

Council Member Burt: The last sentence can now be deleted, because it's
been substituted by the HRB. If you wanted to include the circulation, then
we can simply bring back the shadow and add your Amendment.

Mayor Holman: I think we can eliminate "readdressing siting, scale and
massing," because we're going to pick that up otherwise in the ARB issues.
If you want to add circulation, do you want to address that specifically on
the alleyway or the lane?

Council Member Burt:     Is that the focus and limitation of the circulation
issue?

Mayor Holman: No, but it ought to be called out. Is it Lane 8; what is it
called?

Council Member Burt: Then we should say "including in the alley."

Mayor Holman:     Okay.    Lane 30, I'm hearing.    We ought to delete
readdressing the siting and scale and massing, because that's going to go
someplace else.

Council Member Burt: Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add Part D to the Motion, under Architectural
Review Board, after Part C, "rooflines along University Avenue and on
Kipling Street."

Mayor Holman: I'm trying to satisfy Council Member Scharff's concerns
about not giving clear direction. The next is "additionally as to doorways
and entries." If you're looking at the email, it starts "see 1" and then move
over to the middle of the line that says "additionally ...

Council Member Burt: I am starting to be concerned that this is drifting into
redesigning.




                                                                      Page 87 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
