                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I would. I don't want to minimize the good work
you guys did on this and what you're doing on this. I don't want that to get
lost. I want to say that, first off, I think you're going in the right direction. I
think you're doing the right things. I just think the ordinance is very
complicated and goes into areas that we didn’t' discuss at Finance. I think
for everyone it would be great to vet it. Just I'll throw out there, while
you're thinking about it, my belief—City Attorney can correct me if I'm
wrong—that it is a misdemeanor to violate our City ordinances.                  For
instance, on the multifamily it could be a misdemeanor the way it's currently
written. They're exempt from the tipping fee or the (inaudible), but they're
not exempt from not violating what's going on there, if they put it in the
wrong bins and stuff. I just think we just need to think it through. Anyway,
I appreciate the work and look forward to hearing it at Finance.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think when there are this many questions and this
many concerns, it would be foolhardy not to send it back obviously. You've
done a great job for composting. Thank you for letting me know where to
get all the extra bags, Phil, as well. I can hear with this many questions,
this probably needs to be more clearly defined and more clear in its
presentation.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights, so I will make just a comment or two
in addition. There's reference in here of customers sharing—I've lost sight
of it, here it is—on packet page 349, ordinance page 19, space limitations on
existing structures. I would think this actually might go further than just
this. It says that in cases where space constraints are determined to exist,
shall also evaluate the feasibility of shared container usage by contiguous
business or multifamily property structures. That's, of course, true where
existing buildings are in place. I would say also on new construction,
wherever we can get property owners to minimize the number of
receptacles, especially as we're trying to beautify our alleys, get some of the
litter out of there. There's no reference to—I don't know if you want to get
in this much specificity, but there's no reference to how that might work. Is
it a shared cost? How might that work, so that people don't have to figure
that out on their own? If you have any suggestions on that? I had, I think,
one other one. Yes. Again going back to C&D. There's not a definition even
for salvage in this.     On packet page 3—I'm sorry, packet page 333,
ordinance page 3, Number 13, it says construction or demolition waste
means any solid waste, blah, blah, blah, blah. There's no reference to the
C&D ordinance, and there's no definition or reference to salvage in that
place, in that location. Again, we're kind of left-hand/right-hand doing


                                                                           Page 30 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/2/15
