                              MINUTES
Ms. Lee explained that changing the slope would have impacts. Caltrain
would need to determine if the impacts were material or significant.

Council Member DuBois noted the EIR discussed trenching and having to
relocate electrical supply if a train entered at grade and then moved to a
trench. The EIR did not comment on costs or construction challenges. He
asked if electrification prevented future trenching and if Caltrain staff had an
idea of the cost.

Mr. Walters remarked that any project would have to figure out how to
relocate an operating railroad.        If trenching occurred subsequent to
electrification, then at-grade electrification costs would be lost. Trenching
subsequent to electrification was technically feasible, but it could be
financially infeasible.

Ms. Lee was aware that cities along the Corridor were interested in grade
separation. With the Electrification Project, traffic problems at crossings
would worsen because of projected growth in the region.

Mr. Walters added that the cause of traffic issues was not electrification, but
the increased number of trains and riders.

Council Member Scharff commented that an extra train per hour and the
resulting backup queue was causing traffic problems at grade crossings.

Mr. Walters remarked that congestion also resulted from more riders
accessing stations.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether there were other traffic impacts on
Alma Street.

Mr. Walters answered no.

Council Member Scharff asked if Caltrain wanted to partner with the City
outside the EIR.

Ms. Lee replied yes. Caltrain partnered with the City of San Mateo to work
out technical issues, because the City of San Mateo had dedicated sales tax
revenues. The partnership with the City of San Mateo was not formalized in
a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).

Council Member Scharff expressed concern regarding the location of
Paralleling Station (PS) 5. Palo Alto residents opposed the primary location
and the City proposed use of alternative locations. However, the primary
location remained in the EIR.


01/12/2015                                                              116- 301
