                         TRANSCRIPT
and in this slide before you today. What this slide aims to capture is just a
digestible understanding of the greenhouse gas savings associated with this
Energy Reach Code. I'll have Farhad explain that a little bit more. Basically
what you're looking at is the greenhouse gas savings avoided for the natural
gas associated with buildings. Since our electricity stock is carbon neutral,
there are no greenhouse gases associated with those emissions. This is only
associated with natural gas. He'll get into that in just a moment. I'll pass
this is over.

Farhad Farahmand, TRC Energy Services: Honorable Council, I'll just briefly
interject to describe in detail this chart. As Melanie mentioned, it describes
the avoided emissions due to the set of measures that we studied in our
analysis associated with the Reach Code. The gray bar on the left side
represents the typical emissions associated with a building that minimally
complies with the Statewide energy efficiency standards. The bar on the
right represents the tons of CO2 emitted with the Palo Alto Reach Code, the
measures that we studied in our analysis. The little dots above those bars
represent the percentage savings. Going from, for example, multifamily
eight tons of CO2 emitted per new multifamily construction down to about
five represents 32 percent savings in greenhouse gas emissions. As Melanie
mentioned, these are based only on natural gas. That's why they vary from
the 15 percent savings that the Reach Code prescribes. The measures that
we studied affected electricity consumption, natural gas consumption, a little
differently for each prototype, so 20 percent, 32 percent, eight percent.
That's why they're fluctuating from that 15 percent value. Nonresidential
buildings show an eight percent reduction, mostly because the residential
measures that we researched were domestic hot water focused, and there's
just generally less consumption of domestic hot water in nonresidential
buildings. There's only an eight percent greenhouse gas savings there.
That's pretty much it.

Ms. Jacobsen: Thank you, Farhad. That concludes our summary of the
Energy Reach Code. We'll now go onto the Green Building Ordinance
improvements. The first item that the Green Building Ordinance proposes is
using residential CalGreen, what we call voluntary tiers. It mandates the
use of the State-developed Tier 1 and Tier 2 system. Based on a project's
scope of work, it would trigger either a Tier 1 or a Tier 2 system. One of the
items that the Policy and Services Committee requested is that we work
through some of the clarifications that the Green Building Advisory
Committee wanted to include. We have done that. We've met with them
twice since the Policy and Services Committee.            Their comments are
reflected in the Ordinance before you tonight. In addition, the Ordinance
with the adoption of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 system, the use of the third-party
certification program Build It Green is retracted. We still will promote the

04/20/2015                                                             117- 330
