                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I just want to clarify what I was saying about
software.     I wasn't saying that we don't want software development
Downtown. I agree that would be too much. If you read our ordinance
strictly, it talks about prototyping Downtown and it talks about regular
operations elsewhere.      When you look at the companies we've had
Downtown, I think Dek came in with AltaVista. We had this recession, and
then we had the dot com boom come. We had companies start to go
Downtown that never had been Downtown before.                We had WebTV
Downtown, which is actually making hardware. I think these were kind of
unpermitted uses. We started to get these large companies, Facebook.
That's the area where I think we started to have uses we never had before.
I think they were really more suited for our employment districts.
Downtown was not really specified as an employment district for that kind of
use. What I was trying to say was I think the nature of work has changed.
We should look at these job definitions and our zoning and how they match
up. Maybe it's more about scale. I think it's probably not a good thing if our
Downtown is dependent on one large company. We may want to take a look
at that. Maybe there's other things we can do. There's like if you're
Downtown, you shouldn't have a private cafeteria. That's kind of a separate
idea. I think part of what happens is we have a large well-capitalized
company and it drives up rents, then all of a sudden everything is soaked up
Downtown, and then that large company leaves. That's really more suitable
probably for different parts of the City. In terms of L-8, again I almost think
we need to have a separate discussion. Trying to mix them together is kind
of tough. Whether previous Councils exempted things or didn't exempt
things, I think we are where we are.           We've had a certain level of
development. I think development at Stanford does add to traffic and
impacts in the City. I do not necessarily want to just let the current cap
carry over. I think we need to have a discussion. We had a pretty
substantial discussion about this annual office growth, but it's only for two
years. This is the Comp Plan. I'd be interested in hearing discussion tonight
about what kind of method or process we could go through to look at putting
something in the Comp Plan that would look at kind of the pace of growth
and what pace of growth do we think our infrastructure can absorb over the
years. I am ready to make a motion on the first part. I can wait to do that.
It's largely what you said, I think, to have Staff take the existing vision,
goals, some of the updates from new programs. I also wanted to add a bit
about this kind of modern job definitions. It's kind of a little bit of a
separate piece. I can do that now or I can wait; it's up to you.

Mayor Holman: You could do that now on L-8.

Council Member DuBois: The motion would be for the Land Use Element.
we would direct Staff to update the existing vision statement with minor
                                                                        Page 65 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
