                         TRANSCRIPT
wanted to support everything that Keith Bennett said.             Even though
dewatering has for this year stopped at most sites, if not all, we are
speaking about what happens next year. There is no stoppage currently
that I know of to the process of being permitted to dewater in 2016. I think
it starts in either May or April. What we are asking and we are hoping that
you will consider is an immediate moratorium so that more houses are not
permitted to dewater and, therefore, grandfathered into a problem that will
continue to occur if this amount of groundwater is pumped. As I indicated
previously, in the 2004-2008 policy paper, it was assumed that residential
watering and normal rainfall would replace the groundwater that was being
pumped out. Again, there were only five projects at that time instead of 14
to 15 per year. Again, I think a moratorium is appropriately requested until
this issue is investigated further and the data all considered. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Sea Reddy to be followed by Stewart Carl.

Sea Reddy: Good evening. Last couple of weeks, I've heard that Larry
Ellison and Mark Zuckerberg plan to have schools established either in their
name or a corporation name to improve education and make it affordable to
children at different levels. I think that's a brilliant idea. They have
succeeded in forming corporations of hundreds of thousands people work. I
would like Palo Alto to consider such proposals, if they come about, even if
the residents are not Palo Alto, but they're neighborhoods. That's one way
to build community. We have places like Cubberley Center and other areas
where we could experiment this. I think that gives the children opportunity
to see how wealthier communities behave, operate and families live
together. That's one thing that I would like citizens of Palo Alto to help
build. The second item is today is a very significant day for Hewlett-
Packard. Bill Hewlett and David Packard started the company here. They
are reorganizing, and they're splitting into two organizations. We wish them
all the success. I think there is hundreds of leaders that have come about,
and the entrepreneurial spirit of HP lives in this town as well as surrounding
communities. I'd like to recognize that. As a City of Palo Alto, please help
Hewlett-Packard, to be there and work with them for them to succeed and
for us to succeed as well. The third item is I was at the Oracle conference
and I took Caltrain three days. Caltrain is a beautiful train system. There is
no need of high speed train. We don't need it. We don't need to dig up any
more; we don't need to dig down, dig up, dig sideways. I think we should
leave it the way it is and let every (inaudible) to come by, and we should
fight it. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:    Thank you very much.      Our final speaker this evening is
Stewart Carl.


                                                                       Page 13 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
