                           TRANSCRIPT
Altering what the role is of the Commission during the review of a project is
not the venue for doing that. Another one that I've seen and have been
given comments to and I've read some is understanding what the role of the
public is. We are all here to serve the public. That means listen to the
public. The public is absolutely vested in everything this City does, whether
it's what the Staff does, what the Commission does, what the Council does.
We are all serving at the pleasure of the public for that matter. As such, we
are beholden to the public, if you will. It is the foundational documents that
we are required to uphold because they are the public's documents. Those
are why those foundational documents are so important. It is why the
procedures and processes we have in place support a democracy and
support those foundational documents. I have sometimes wished that in
watching some piece or some portions of Commission Members that we have
a Staff that has long experience and a lot of expertise. I would wish that the
Commissioners would rely more on Staff. By that I don't mean necessarily
agreeing with. There's not a Staff member here that would say Karen
Holman always agrees with the Staff. There's not a Staff member that
would say that. Do ask for the input and respect the Staff and their
expertise and experience, because they will add content and breadth and
depth to a consideration that otherwise is just not available, because we
don't all have that. I think I will leave it there; I think I've said all I need to
say right now. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to add my thanks for volunteering on the
Commission. I know it's a lot of reading and a lot of work. Sincerely
appreciate it. I think it would be valuable if a member of the PTC tried to
attend Council meetings. I think you guys do that sometimes, but I think
there's a lot of discussions we have and nobody is here. Just to follow up on
Council Member Burt's and Mayor Holman's comments. I think my concern
primarily is about getting the City's work done efficiently and correctly. We
need to strike a balance. Again, it's not about agreeing with Council. I think
it's about understanding our respective rules and our ordinances and
interpreting them. I think Council Member Burt said this. A lot of past PTCs
might not necessarily agree. I think they would kind of first do the work
requested and then they might separately submit a letter, but at least the
work would get done. I think PC zoning was a good example. I think the
community spoke pretty loudly. I think before I was on Council, Council put
a moratorium in place. You guys spent a lot of time on it, and when it came
back, we weren't really able to use all the work you did because it didn't
really meet the Council direction or the community direction. That's just not
efficient governance. A lot of people have said things I was going to say.
Council Member Schmid talked a little bit about the SSO. Again, there's
nothing in the ordinance about dropping votes from people. It was an
interesting discussion, but again I would say it started off kind of the
                                                                              Page 54 of 132
                                                                City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/30/15
