                          TRANSCRIPT
Mutual Aid Plan, the Palo Alto Fire Department commits to providing two
Type 1 or structure-style engines for incidents that happen across the state.
We've become a part of a Santa Clara County strike team which consists of
five engine companies and a strike team leader. The first request this
summer came on August 1st, when the Mad River Complex was ignited by
lightning strikes and ripped across Trinity County. A fire complex is when
two or more individual incidents located in the same general area are
assigned to a single incident commander or unified command. Engine 66
responded as a part of this Santa Clara County strike team with Captain
Christy Baird, Operator Matt Goglio, Firefighter/Paramedic Jesse Wooten and
Firefighter Tim Gaffney. The fire ultimately consumed 37,462 acres with
approximately 1,000 firefighters battling the blaze. Engine 66 returned to
Palo Alto on August 16th, that's 15 days after deployment. That's 15 days
away from family and friends, camping in the dirt, working to protect homes,
building fire lines and pulling hose for 24 hours at a time. This was the crew
of our Mad River Complex fire minus Matt Goglio. A month and a half later
on September 9th, the Butte fire ignited. On September 11th, the crew of
Captain Bill Dale, Operator/Paramedic Chuck Ferry, Firefighter Rayne
Mahaffey and Firefighter Eric Schill were deployed to the part of the Santa
Clara County strike team that headed to Amadora and Calaveras Counties.
This fire ultimately burned 70,868 acres, destroyed 863 buildings and killed
two civilians. This crew spent their 24-hour shifts cutting down trees,
creating fire lines and cleaning up after the fires so that residents could
return to their homes, whether they were standing or not. This crew
returned to Palo Alto on September 20th, for a total of ten days deployed.
The very next day on September 12th, the Valley fire erupted in Lake, Napa
and Sonoma Counties.          Captain Ken Green, Firefighter Manny Macias,
Firefighter/Paramedic Kyle Salisbury and Firefighter Nick Penko joined
another Santa Clara County strike team and headed north to help battle this
deadly fire. For ten days this crew searched for the missing, fought spot
fires and supported back-burning operations on their 24-hour shifts. A total
of 1,958 structures were destroyed, four firefighters were injured and four
civilian deaths occurred in this 76,067-acre fire. Unfortunately, none of the
members of this crew were able to join us this evening. All in all, 12 Palo
Alto Fire Department personnel worked for a total of 35 days battling
184,406 burning acres with over 3,000 firefighters from across the state.
This is an excellent example of the Fire Service cooperative efforts that allow
us to assist one another when we need help. Thank you to Christy, Matt,
Jesse, Tim, Bill, Chuck, Rayne, Eric, Ken, Manny, Kyle and Nick for taking so
much time away from their families to help citizens across California in a
great time of need. Thank you to Mayor Holman and the City Council for
recently recognizing the Butte fire and Valley fire teams for their
extraordinary efforts in assisting the state against the devastating effects of
wildfires. Thank you.
                                                                         Page 3 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
