                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Let me make sure that's clear in the Motion. That
was certainly the intent. That was by implication, but it should be more
clear.

Council Member DuBois: Just at the very beginning.

Mayor Holman: I think what Council Member DuBois is saying is ...

Council Member Burt: Yes. After the words "the following redesign that
would address and return to ARB." We'll see if that wording needs changing.

Mayor Holman: I think it's a little bit backwards.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “and request additional
studies and redesign that would address the following” with “to the
Architectural Review Board and the Historic Resources Board to address the
following issues:"

Mayor Holman: What's happened here? Something's changed.

Council Member Burt: We lost the reference to the studies.

Mayor Holman: No, I wanted to pick it up later. Just address the ARB and
HRB first. Something happened. You have to put Historic Resources Board
above that, so you know who's reviewing what. Next, you'd go down to
Architectural Review Board.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the ApplicantApplicant redesign the project
and that the project be re-submitted to the Architectural Review Board to
address the following Council concerns regarding the required findings, the
project does not satisfy the following Findings:

A.    The design is not compatible with the immediate environment of the
      site; and

B.    In areas considered by the Board as having a unified design character
      or historical character, the design is compatible with such character;
      and

C.    The design is compatible with approved improvements both on and off
      the site.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, while I'm trying to decipher this, do
you want to go to the end of the Motion or later down in the Motion and add
                                                                     Page 86 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/04/15
