                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: No.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, speak to your second?

Council Member Filseth: I agree that Policy C-28 ought to stay in the Comp
Plan. I think park space is a quality of life issue for residents. I think people
in this town really care about it. I think it's one of the things that's very
important. Obviously, there's a tension between the cost of park space and
the rate of growth of population in town. I think we just need to deal with
that tension. Take it out of the Comp Plan and sort of hiding it doesn't mean
the problem's going to go away. I think it needs to stay.

Mayor Holman: Are there Council Members who have questions?                Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:          Yeah.     I still need to digest all of the
recommendations. A couple of things that I'll add to this discussion. First, I
want to reiterate I do support retaining our goals around park space. I think
that's an integral part of what makes Palo Alto a special place. It's no secret
that I'm a huge advocate for adding greater housing supply at a variety of
price points so that we can maintain the diversity and avoid a lot of the
problems that were discussed this evening. I don't think that we should
dismiss the need to maintain the park space and the open space, both the
neighborhood parks and our beautiful open space parks both while, looking
to increase housing options in Palo Alto. I absolutely think it's doable and
essential.    Part of quality of life is you don't have to commute from
Sacramento to get to your job here after you grew up here. Part of your
quality of life also means that you can enjoy a little bit of nature on a day-
to-day basis and get away maybe on the weekends and go hiking at
Baylands or Monte Bello or Foothills Park.           I definitely support that
recommendation from colleagues. A couple of other things I think we
should—one thing in particular. I was actually pleased to hear somebody
mention it this evening. It was something that was on my mind and I was
planning to bring up, which is the unhoused. In either the old version of
Goal C-3 or the new one, a number of highly important and at-risk
populations are identified. We've identified the importance of services for
those groups. In the old version it says "improved quality, quantity and
affordability of social services, particularly for children, youth, seniors and
people with disabilities." If we do retain the old version, I would just add
two words, "the unhoused," to that list before the "and." You could also put
that in the same place essentially if we go with the new language. It would
say "this goal focuses on services for children, youth, seniors, the unhoused
and persons with disabilities." That is the one big addition I would suggest
making. I guess I'd offer that as a friendly amendment.

                                                                         Page 53 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
