                          TRANSCRIPT

automatic parking guidance systems. The intent of this piece is to collect
real-time occupancy data to give us information that will better inform our
ability to make decisions in the garages and to maximize the efficiency and
utilization of the existing supply. We have been working with a nationally
recognized parking consultant to develop some design specifications for each
of these systems. We have a draft preliminary recommendations report.
We will be meeting with our stakeholder committee next Monday, the 24th—
we have a stakeholder committee which includes members of the Downtown
parking committee as well as others from the community—to talk about the
implications of some of the technology and what the pros and cons are.
There are pros and cons for the idea of having gates and not having gates as
well as multi-space meters versus single-space meters and that sort of
thing. We will target coming back to Council probably in October or
November of this year with a final recommendation on the type of
technology that we would want to move forward for in the garages before
we could ultimately go out to bid for that project. Right now this project is
only budgeted for design and not for construction. Parking wayfinding is
kind of next on the list here. It aligns very closely with the garage
technology we just discussed. The idea behind wayfinding was that we could
develop a signage and branding system to help people move more
effectively through the Downtown and find parking more quickly than they
are currently able to. Our consultant has been working on some different
signage typologies which you can see there on the slide. The idea of having
directional signage which point people to where the parking exists, lot
banners which kind of provide a parking signifier at lots, same with garage
IDs and then some sort of statuesque-type marker signage as well and then
the rules and regulations signage. The preliminary recommendations are
here. We have a consultant working on kind of updating this. I know
Council Member DuBois had a comment about the wayfinding directional
signage on Lytton, and certainly we can add that. This is a draft, and we're
still in the stages of developing the design. We have gone to ARB to show
the preliminary designs. I want to share with you some of what has been
shown the ARB. The feedback has been positive as far as the design
concepts and the direction. As you can see, the consultant's working to
develop a parking brand using the City of Palo Alto logo as well as the sort of
nationally recognized "P" for parking, and then taking the logo and kind of
silk screening the tree in the back of the "P" for kind of a more modern look.
I'll just share two of the concepts that have been looked at and that gained
some support from the ARB and from the stakeholder committees that have
been looking at this. This is Concept 1 which uses kind of the traditional
Palo Alto green color on the banners and the signage with the different

                                                                         Page 3 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
