                         TRANSCRIPT

degrees, voted for BART. They understand the importance. We have 30
miles to go to close the gap between Millbrae and the coming Santa Clara
University. That's all, 30 miles. I told you before that I think the cost is
going to be roughly the same if they don't do Dumbarton Rail. Another
street-level, killer train, what a stupid thing. We need to take down the
pylons on Dumbarton, so that we can return the South Bay to its natural
state it hasn't seen since 1910. It is time to be environmentally sensitive.
BART also has no congestion. You'll meet your greenhouse gas objectives
and carbon reduction objectives. That is the answer I really would ask you
to look and ask to be considered. Now, remember the Hetch Hetchy system
or the renewable electrical distribution systems or I-280 when it was coming
down? Palo Alto didn't spend money for all that right away. You could use
the same arguments that this silly paper used. Joe Simitian, I'm ashamed of
him for doing the 80 percent thing. No, you can't get Hetch Hetchy here
unless you get it here. It takes a lot of money to do it. The same with
BART. Every dollar being spent on BART to bring it closer to Palo Alto,
whether from the south or the north, is benefiting Palo Alto. You will get
people off the streets. BART carries 430,000 people a day. It is safer by
half of Caltrain. Two hundred twenty-seven people have died since Liz was
elected and Joe was elected originally. Sixteen have died this year. We've
got to stop this madness. We need to do something safe. BART is elevated.
Seven have died on BART, even though it's much more frequent and has
more stops. I want to thank you for this. Please do consider this. Try to be
objective. This demagoguery is not appropriate. I'll see what else I had.
BART has so many advantages over the little engine that can't, which is
Caltrain. BART is the engine that can. Like I said, you've got 30 miles to
go, about the same cost. You get united; we can do what they're doing in
New York where they're doing the east extension for $16 billion. We only
need about $12 billion, only. Together we can do that. Thank you.

John McAlister, Mountain View Mayor: Good evening, everyone. As the
Mayor said, I am the Mayor of the great City of Mountain View. We're here
to ask that you go ahead and authorize the Mayor to sign a joint letter.
We've been working on this letter diligently for the last couple of months
along with your City Staff to come to the ability so that we could take 11
North County cities and West Valley cities and present a unified front to
make sure that we get a plan that is larger than any of these issues that
we're bringing up. We need to have a transportation system that includes
the Peninsula, the East Bay, the Valley, South County. We need to do it
now, because we only have this opportunity because in decades it's too late.
This is a time that we need to stand together. You've heard many of your
residents say we need to stand together. With this opportunity, who knows
                                                                     Page 58 of 136
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/17/15
