                          TRANSCRIPT
people are expressing, 4 million or so square feet that have been built. I
look forward to the discussion on October 5th where instead of looking at an
interim growth Ordinance with boundaries, exceptions and so on, we'll be
looking at the overall growth rate of the City where we want to maintain the
quality of life of people. I would be opposed to any Motion that looks for
exemptions.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First I have a question for Staff regarding
coordinated area plans. 901 High Street was identified in the Staff Report as
being excluded if we exclude coordinated area plans. Can you—I don't know
if Staff has had a chance to look into that more. I sent an email earlier
today. I'm sorry I didn't send it earlier. Can you tell me more about why
that would be excluded, under what coordinated area plan that project is
covered?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. That project is within
SOFA II. It's one of the RT zoned parcels that permits office development. I
think those Council Members and Commissioners who have talked about
exempting coordinated area plans, have pointed out that it takes a lot of
time and a lot of community input to establish a coordinated area plan. A lot
of not parcel specific but very specific district-level planning is accomplished.
The thought of those who support this exemption is that because of all that
work, these should potentially be exempted from the annual limit. I should
have said at the outset that when the Council considered this previously,
there were eight voting members and the Council split 4-4. This evening,
we're really wondering what that ninth person is going to do about this
particular issue that I know other Council Members have strong opinions on.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for explaining that. (inaudible) just
mention a couple of things. One, coordinated area plans can be—again, I
often point to the example of our neighbor to the southeast, Mountain View.
Coordinated area plans can apply to a large area; they can apply to a very
small and very specific area. As I've stated previously and I'll say it again,
especially since Council Member DuBois is able to join us, the reason I've
advocated for exempting coordinated area plans is not because I think that
we're going to get a lot of them in the next couple of years. I think it's
extremely unlikely that we'll do any coordinated area plans in the span of
this Ordinance. It's somewhat symbolic that the method of the future for
adding anything—I think for a lot of developments but especially if you want
to add some office space to Palo Alto, I actually think the first choice should
be a coordinated area plan. I think it's the anti-PC. PCs are a developer-led
process. Coordinated area plans are a community-led process. If the

                                                                        Page 104 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
