                          TRANSCRIPT
to the premises, not all the way to the premises but close to the premises,
and then the rest of it to the premise is actually handled wirelessly? Is there
some option like that that we should be worried about? We make a big
investment in fiber everywhere, and it turns out that's the wrong model.
That's my two questions.

Ms. Hovis: I think these are very important questions, Council Member, and
it's very hard to predict what is going to happen in this industry. A year's an
eternity in this industry. If you'd asked me five years ago, if you'd painted a
picture of where we are today, I wouldn't have believed that we would see
the kind of competition that we're seeing on the landline side, for example,
where AT&T is making investments that were inconceivable five years ago,
that have really been stimulated in part by Google Fiber. We're seeing that
kind of reaction by companies all over the country, other phone companies
and cable companies as well. We are true believers in fiber all the way to
the home.        In our experience, wireline infrastructure and wireless
complement each other. They don't really replace each other. Now, in rural
markets, where the economics and the market is simply not there, that may
not be a set of options. There will be some rural markets where wireless is
the only solution, and it won't come close to a gigabit for a whole bunch of
technical reasons. We do believe that fiber to the premises is a very
significant long-term investment. It's a future-proof infrastructure, and that
fiber to the premises is what makes a lot of the wireless infrastructure
possible. For example, if you think about what the cable industry is doing, it
is using its wireline infrastructure into each of our homes to then from the
home use that internet connection to create a Wi-Fi hotspot. That's how it's
doing Wi-Fi. The aggregate of all of those Wi-Fi hotspots is what could result
in a Citywide Wi-Fi option provided by the cable company. We anticipate
that Google will do the same thing with its fiber to the home deployment in
the markets where it builds. The phone companies are doing this using their
existing cellular infrastructure. If the City were to go forward with a fiber to
the home investment, our concern is not that it's not a good investment.
We think it's a long-term, future-proof investment that you will always use.
Our concern would be that there won't be enough revenue to offset your
expenses. It wouldn't be that it's not the—it's the holy grail infrastructure if
that helps. I hope I've answered your question; I'm not sure that I have.

Council Member Filseth: I think that makes sense. I think we want that.
The question is why wouldn't we just let—since there seem to be so many
people who want to build it without us making a huge capital investment.
It's a lot of money. I mean, it's like the discussion at this point is going to
gravitate quickly to why do it ourselves as opposed to somebody else, as
opposed to should we have one or not. It seems to me that the most
                                                                         Page 22 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
