                          TRANSCRIPT
community is supportive of a project, the community tells us, "We like this
project even though it has office." I'm willing to listen to the community.
Again, it's the anti-PC. It leads to—there are a lot of benefits to them; we
don't have to go into all of them. The fact that the community already
said—there's this one project in SOFA where we've already approved it. We
already went through that coordinated area plan. I guess I'd be okay with
preserving that one. I didn't realize when I'd previously supported these
that any coordinated area plans still had office space left to develop. I think
it still holds. There was a lot of time, a lot of community input that went
into that plan. As far as I see it, if you're not able to get the community
buy-in on a specific project, then that's what the cap is about. For me, the
cap is backup. The cap is about the quantity. Ideally we'd want developers
to say, "We're not going to start with our vision. We want to hear what the
community has to say." The City should be leading that. The community
should be leading that. That to me is an ideal planning process. Absent
that, absent strong community involvement, and absent strong community
support, that's where I support the cap. That's why I support it. That's
mostly for Tom since he wasn't able to participate in the previous discussion,
er, Council Member DuBois.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I thought the 901 High Street case was actually
kind of instructive. The 901 High Street is inside the SOFA II area, I think.
Is that right? Since the SOFA II area plan has been around a while, I
assume that it has no particular guidance or limits on how fast office space
can grow inside that area. Right? Or even the total limit.

Ms. Gitelman: It doesn't have a pacing mechanism. The parcels are allowed
a very small amount of office. That 5,000 square feet is a limit in this R(2)
zone within SOFA II. They're pretty small projects.

Council Member Filseth: It's not the case that just because I can find some
space inside a coordinated area plan, then I can put up a 100,000-square-
foot office building?

Ms. Gitelman: I can't speak to all coordinated area plans. I'm not even an
expert on this one. Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: I guess it depends on what parcels are available in
SOFA II. The coordinated area plan seems like a pretty big exception to me.
Can I make a Motion? Move to not exempt coordinated area plans from the
office cap. It's only a two-year thing anyway.

Council Member Burt: Second.
                                                                       Page 105 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
