                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Berman: For all of this?

Council Member Burt: No. Oh, you mean the balance.

Mayor Holman: For each of these. If someone would care to make a
motion?    Council Member DuBois, would you care to make a motion
regarding the hierarchy?

Council Member DuBois: Okay.

Mayor Holman: Not to take the floor away from you, Council Member
Berman. I'll be right back to you. I'm just trying to get us through some of
this stuff, so we can move on and focus on what you want to bring up.

Council Member DuBois: I actually emailed David. Here's my motion to
direct Staff to develop with Council new goals in the Comprehensive Plan
introduction that will introduce a priority framework and a high-level
quantitative framework that will be used to discuss impacts during the life of
the Comprehensive Plan. Is that clear?

Mayor Holman: I'm looking to Staff if that's clear to you.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. I thought we were going to talk about prioritization or
hierarchy instead of new goals. Then I was hoping that the quantitative
framework would be in the implementation section. We can try and draft an
introductory section like this.

Council Member Burt: Just a second. We don't have a second.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid seconded.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to direct Staff to develop with Council, new Goals in the Comprehensive Plan
introduction that will introduce a priority framework and high-level
quantitative framework that will be used to discuss impacts during the life of
the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Holman: I'd like to hear the rest of what Director Gitelman had to
say.

Council Member DuBois:      Basically it's asking you to come back with a
proposal.



                                                                       Page 99 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
