                            TRANSCRIPT
Chair Burt: I'm kind of in the same place. I don't know whether after 1
year of not having, I might go, "I really valued that. I'd like to get it back
every year." I am okay with giving it a try.

Council Member Berman:       Now would be a good time to do that and get
rid of that.

Chair Burt: Why don't we do this? Let's just take a vote on that. All in
favor of doing a single year where we try to skip the direct report and then
review it the following whether that's the practice.

Council Member Kniss: Report that to the full Council and see if they agree?

Chair Burt: Right. We have a recommendation of the Committee to do so.

Council Member Kniss: That's fine.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If it's unanimous, does it go on Consent?

Chair Burt: No. We're saying that we want to have a discussion of the
Council either way.

Council Member Berman: For this item. I support that.

Council Member Kniss: The other five might totally disagree with us.

MOTION: Chair Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to
recommend the City Council approve the option to skip the Direct Report
Evaluation this year and evaluate the need for it to be conducted annually or
biennially during next year’s process.

Chair Burt: All in favor.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would vote against that.

MOTION PASSED: 3-1 Schmid no

Chair Burt: Next considerations.

Ms. Figone: Then is the market survey and the Council decision about CAO
compensation. Do you want to survey every year and would you like MRG to
facilitate the discussion as we did in the current year?

Chair Burt: On every year, my position would be similar to the last one. I'd
like to try not having it every year. Personally, I feel more comfortable with
that than the prior one.

                                                                                    Page 37 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
