                         TRANSCRIPT
benefits the school system, property tax issues." There can be a win-win-
win here. Again, it goes back to exactly your point of information.

Council Member Berman: I had another thought, and I lost it. I'll stick with
that for now. Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I want to echo my colleagues
here, and I want to thank the Historic Resources Board for your service in
doing this. It's something that's very important for Palo Alto. I wanted to
ask a question. The first bullet point about the National Register and the
California Register, that seems like such a no-brainer. Why don't we do that
now? How many properties do you think we're talking about? I guess that's
a Staff question.

Mr. Weintraub: Thank you, Council Member Filseth. I'll take a shot at
answering that question. I do know that most of the individually listed
properties in the City are also listed already on the National Register. There
have been a few properties listed on the National Register more recently that
were also already listed in the Inventory. The outstanding properties that
are on the National Register but not in the Inventory are the two Eichler
districts that have been listed on the National Register, Green Gables and
Greenmeadow.       The Ordinance simply doesn't allow for an automatic
inclusion of National Register and California Register properties to the
Inventory. In other words, the Ordinance has a mechanism by which
properties are added one-by-one through an application process or districts
are added through an application process, rather than being included
automatically as they might be added to the Federal or State listing.

Council Member Filseth: Can you take a guess at how many properties
we're talking about? Is it every Eichler in south Palo Alto?

Mr. Weintraub: No. The largest of the districts is a few hundred properties.
The other district is not quite that large. I'd say under 100 properties.

Council Member Filseth: It's a couple hundred as opposed to a dozen or a
thousand.

Mr. Weintraub: A few hundred, yes.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you Staff and also to the Board for your
work and for the presentation and for being here today. I have three areas
of questions, so I'll just go through them one at a time. The first is a
question about outreach, how much you do already, how much you envision
doing in the future. If you're not doing a lot and if your very busy schedules
allow, I'd encourage more. There are a few organizations that I'd suggest
                                                                        Page 13 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
