                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'd be fine with doing that, since a lot of it picks
up from what we were just discussing.

Mayor Holman: I had understood that we had—part of the previous Motion
concluded our comments on Safety. Happy to add this one.

Council Member Wolbach: My sense was that the previous discussion was
just the creation of a Safety Element, but we hadn't given any real direction
on the details. I think that actually—I'm happy to support this and second it
and offer a couple of amendments as well. I'll second it.

Mayor Holman:     I've already seconded it.    If you have an amendment to
offer.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of other amendments I'd like to offer.
I'll just do them one at a time, see how they go. It might be redundant, but
just to be clear. In the Safety Element, include items from other elements
as appropriate. Just basic direction for how they can get started drafting the
Safety Element.

Mayor Holman: I don't guess there's any harm to that, but I think we've
kind of done that. No harm to it though. Do you think, Director Gitelman.?

Ms. Gitelman: I think this kind of goes without saying. I was going to
suggest for the Safety Element that it would almost be easier for the Council
to have something to react to. I think we're going to take goals from this
Natural Resources Element. There's a goal in Community Services and
Facilities that will be relocated here. When we come back with—after the
CAC has done some work, I think you'll be able to see where the missing
pieces are and have an opportunity to give more input. It might be easier to
do it when you have something to react to.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with Staff and the CAC putting together
the first draft. I think it's good to at least offer a couple of suggestions for
consideration. If they aren't included in the end, we can add them later.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, are you okay including this?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Sure.

Council Member Holman: As am I.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “in the Safety Element to
include references to other Elements as appropriate.”

                                                                          Page 62 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
