                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: A couple of things. Can we have the—never mind.
A couple of things. I was struck when Ray Paul got up here and said that he
spent half a million dollars on his projects. What struck me about it is that
anybody who wants to go through our process, if we don't have a first-
come-first-serve basis, is going to have to spend—I guess it's $250,000 per
project roughly. I don't know how that breaks down. That seems like an
awful large investment to not know if you're going to get your cap. I guess
what I'd like to know is are there ways we can lower the costs so you can
get that decision on Council before you have to spend such vast sums of
money.     That's really my question.       I mean, if people could submit
something and it cost them—I don't know—50,000 or less, say. I'm thinking
we're requiring people to do full EIRs and be complete before we make this
decision on whether they're chosen. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We've crafted an Ordinance which requires that
applicants get all the way through their regular process up to the point of
just before an approval can be made.

Council Member Scharff: I'm thinking about this. This is two years from
when? June 15th, roughly? These run on fiscal years, right. We're starting
this Ordinance what? July 1st, 2015? If you're not on this pipeline sheet
right now, you're probably going to have a project that comes before us
under the cap, because you'd have to do an EIR if it's of any significant size,
and you'd have to get it completed. How long has it taken—I'm just curious.
How long does it take to do it, an EIR? Roughly a year is what I'm thinking
in my mind.

Ms. Gitelman: I think there are only a few projects on this list that are
subject to an EIR. Many of the projects we see qualify for an initial study
negative declaration which could just take a few months or an exemption
which is faster. It really depends on the complexity of the project, the size
of the project, what it's replacing and the level of environmental review
required.

Council Member Scharff: It's the small projects that—could it be a large
project? Do we see 20,000-square-foot projects come through or 10,000-
square-foot projects that don't require EIRs?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: We do. You could have another 10,000 or 20,000-
square-foot projects coming through here. We could do this quicker, then
you could have a bunch of other projects that come through this. That's
                                                                       Page 121 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
