                         TRANSCRIPT

feeling as though they're protecting them on a bike. Since I have not gotten
out and ridden, I'm sure that either Eric or Pat has done that. I think it
would be helpful to know exactly where those are. I know several people in
the community have said even though the sharrows are painted, it still
makes them uneasy.

Mr. Mello: One of our takeaways from this whole concept planning process
has been that we need to be more deliberative about where we use
sharrows, restrict them to areas where we have conflicts. We need to direct
cyclists on where to ride or notify motorists that there will be merging
cyclists or cyclists making maneuvers in the roadway. Using them wholesale
on every corridor I don't think makes sense. There's some aesthetic issues
around that, but also people would start to ignore them and they would just
kind of blend into the background. I think we have to be more strategic
about where we use sharrows moving forward.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Ms. Syed: Another thing we're working on is stress mapping of our bicycle
network. Sometimes we think about how many miles of bike lanes do we
have or bicycle boulevards, but if the last block is very stressful, sometimes
that has a larger impact on bike mode share, just that one block. Next year
we're going to be working with IT to deploy a ride app where local cyclists
will be encouraged to track their rides. At the end of each ride, they'll be
asked to rate the trip. They can mark high hazards and stressful areas.
That will improve our ability for data-driven planning.

Mayor Holman: Is that it Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, thanks for the great overview. It looks
like you guys have been doing a lot of work. Looks good. I just wanted to
say I hope that future concept plans will come to us and not on Consent, so
we can talk about them. I think we get a lot of push back or feedback from
the community and can give you guys some of that feedback. I want to talk
a little bit about the importance of protecting our major arterials. I think
we're lucky in that a lot of Palo Alto is a grid system, and we can really
separate a lot of our major bike boulevards from our major car boulevards.
That's why I think Bryant works so well. I think Park Boulevard makes a
tremendous amount of sense, and they basically parallel Alma. I think the
                                                                        Page 13 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
