                         TRANSCRIPT
could be comma after streets "requiring articulation or setbacks." That gives
more clarity as to the intent.

Mayor Holman: Chair Popp, are you good with that? Okay. That next
sentence about massing and setbacks, we can eliminate that, right?

Council Member Burt: Let's go ahead and move this "B2" up as a ...

Mayor Holman: I'm talking about that last sentence right below that.
"Massing and setbacks design shall have articulation," we've already
addressed that right above. Correct?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, I would say we achieved that.

Council Member DuBois: Could I propose a series of cleanup edits? This last
sentence should be attached to "1a."

Council Member Burt: Attached to it, yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Delete "massing and setbacks." Let's just say,
"buildings shall be designed with articulation and setbacks that minimize
massing." "B2" becomes "E." Under the study, you should say, "study
shadow patterns." Then make a new line.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove in the Motion, under Architectural
Review Board, Part A, “massing and setbacks” and restate in the Motion
under Architectural Review Board, Part A, “the design shall be compatible
with the immediate environment of the site– the building will be designed
with articulation and set backs that minimize massing.”

Council Member Burt: Should we have the additional studies be in "F"?
Study shadow patterns and circulation analysis.

Council Member DuBois: We have these four items after the last colon.

Council Member Burt: Those aren't studies, are they? I'm just saying group
the two studies as one section.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion under Architectural Review
Board, “to study shadow patterns.”

Council Member DuBois: Shadow patterns aren't only in respect to Lane 30,
that's why I spoke.

                                                                      Page 97 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
