                          TRANSCRIPT
Transit-oriented development is really what we funded with cap and trade,
because we think we can make the nexus to the reduction of greenhouse
gas emissions. Any other housing that is in some place not near transit,
some place that we can't really demonstrate that it reduces greenhouse gas
emissions, it's hard to use cap and trade dollars for that.

Council Member Berman: There's kind of too narrow of a market almost.

Mr. Gordon: It's probably too narrow for some things we want to do. At the
end of the day, the reality is that California as a state has no ongoing
funding stream to support affordable housing.                 We eliminated
redevelopment. We've had housing bonds in the past, and there were funds
available in those bonds to support affordable housing. Those bonds have
all been spent. The prospect of any new housing bond in the immediate
future is, I think, very unlikely given the Governor. We don't have a funding
stream.      We need one, because the State should be helping local
jurisdictions, I think, with the housing crisis that we face in many of our
communities. The housing crisis is not universal across California. It has
certainly impacted here and in many of our coastal communities, but we are
two very different Californians. There's a Central Valley and east California
that is very different from the coastal and west California. Their economies
are different. We're booming here. The unemployment rate in Fresno is still
18 percent and actually increasing, because of the number of farm workers
who are unable to have jobs this year due to the drought and all of the food
production activities that are related to that are causing additional
unemployment in the Central Valley. While we are kind of living in a boom
here, there's still a bust in a large part of California. We used to, I think,
talk about the fact that there was northern California and then southern
California. I think the new dynamic is it's east and west, and that's where
the differences are these days.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks for coming tonight. I always like hearing
your large view of California. I remember when you were on NACo or
actually CSAC and head of CSAC and you actually visited, I think, every
county in California, of which there are 58.

Mr. Gordon: I think I got two-thirds in.

Council Member Kniss: I remember you visited a great many.

Mr. Gordon: Alpine, I just didn't quite get there.


                                                                       Page 12 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
