                          TRANSCRIPT
means 94 cars are using the same drive down here (inaudible) the
developers used for staging; that doesn't sound good, staging and driving.
The complex is laid out like a Spanish village. This photo is taken from
Sherman, and it shows two things. On the right side, there is this thing
which the developer called a warehouse. It was a warehouse or may be a
warehouse. They have (inaudible) to the style of Palo Alto Central, and they
have put awnings on. From here, I don't think you really can say what's
warehouse and what is condominium. The roofline. In the small sketch,
there are seven changes or renovations unlike the corporate, in-your-face
look of 2555 Park Central. That has been mentioned before. What has been
built is (inaudible). This was a (inaudible) architecture what Peter Brewer
built. This is the building in the front, and what Palo Alto Central built 30
years ago is quite nice, fits to each other. The reason that this building in
the back is four stories high is that it was laid out to have retail on the
bottom, offices in the first floor, and then residences on top. The whole
thing was zoned C(2)RP, and that was removed by the City Council in 2001
and 2002. Admittedly, because it did not enforce that zoning from Birch
down to the end of the road, and so there were no window shoppers who
would go down and frequent the retail or go to the Plantation Café. Even
the existing Park building is light and airy, and it seems to float. Even
though the Historic Resources Board had strong opinions about preserving it
and even though the developer came out and made a strong case to keep it,
the City Planning Department shut it down. (inaudible) is in the historic
resource report. They told us early on that that wouldn't work before any
research was done. Neither the PT or the zoning will be relevant for the City
was contemplated by (inaudible) no historic or preservation, more than
contemplated by the HRB. A (inaudible) went through, because it does not
make as much money as a new office building. Somehow these citizens
have to pay for it. Furthermore, the parking. As it was mentioned before,
they used the wrong numbers. They completely neglected the 94 units from
Palo Alto Central. If you put this together, you have more than twice as
many trips. In fact, during rush hour you have about three hours in the
exits going both in a.m. and in p.m. The physical constraints where no more
than two cars can be waiting in the queue. Instead of the calculations
(inaudible) for 33, and they could have been for 36.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. Council Member Filseth said a couple of weeks ago—
at least it was quoted in the paper—that, to paraphrase it, some developers
are designing buildings that do not meet the Codes. They are reducing the
size of the buildings, and then asking for credit for reducing the size of the
building when the building still does not meet Code. I hope I'm getting that
fairly close. We saw this a little bit ago with the house in the south Palo Alto
area that was being built into the Eichler neighborhood, and the building was
allowed because the people had made some concessions and had greatly
                                                                         Page 55 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
