                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Yeah. It would be both local and regional. Like the
mobility as a service is being pursued as a County program through joint
venture.

Council Member DuBois:          I think (inaudible) put it under sustainable
transportation.

Council Member Burt: Whatever, I don't care. I mean, I'm fine with figuring
out later where it belongs. I just want to get the concept out there that the
solutions are not just about policy. A big part of these solutions are about
new technologies. I just want to state clearly that's where we're going.

Mayor Holman: I think Council Member DuBois, since you don't seem to
have a preference for this, if it could be under sustainable transportation.
Whether that's Goal 1 or 2, we'll leave that to Staff. Transportation policies
and technologies ...

Council Member Burt: I'm agnostic on where to put it.

Mayor Holman: Okay. If Staff understands that. Are you including with
transportation policies and technologies things like last mile solutions?

Council Member Burt: A whole range of technologies that are emerging.

Council Member       Wolbach:       It's   already   mentioned    in      the      Staff
recommendation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to add to Goal T-7, 'and
technologies’ after ‘transportation policies.’”

Council Member Burt: The final thing is on T-8, the airport, I just thought
that was a real weak goal. Just maintaining an airport with minimal
environmental offsite impacts. I don't want to try and figure out what
should be there. I just don't think it captures what should be the only goal
we have about our airport. I think we should have more thought to that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to direct Staff to add
additional language to Goal T-8.”

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, just picking up on this question of
where innovative transportation technologies goes. Looking at the new Goal
T-1, it looks like it wasn't all printed out there. At least in the version I got,
it looks like an incomplete sentence. That might be where that was meant

                                                                            Page 120 of 127
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 8/31/15
