                          TRANSCRIPT
the scope of this Midtown route or is it within it? I'm thinking I want to
propose more than one alternative continue to be studied.

Mr. Mello: I think given the amount of funding that's remaining, it may be
difficult to do the necessary work for the hybrid option and also advance
some concepts on Meadow. We could certainly use any remaining funding to
move on and start to study Meadow.

Council Member Burt:    Are you referring to engineering studies funding or
construction funding?

Mr. Mello: The feasibility study funding is about 50 percent expended. We
think ...

Council Member Burt: That's how many dollars?

Mr. Mello: It was 200,000?

Ms. Syed: We have about 200,000 remaining.              The contract for the
feasibility study was just under $370,000.

Council Member Burt: This maybe is more a question for the City Manager.
If we're looking tonight at either narrowing it to one alternative and whether
that alternative might be—it seems that the full Matadero option just has
problems. The options that we might consider are a hybrid of parallel
streets to Matadero and Matadero where it works or just one of the major
somewhat arterials or collector streets. Is Loma Verde a collector or an
arterial?

Mr. Mello: Collector.

Council Member Burt: Collector. Or one of the collectors. What I'm hearing
is that under our feasibility study budget, we don't have funds to look at
both of those going forward. Yet, we don't really have good information to
decide whether we should abandon something like a hybrid. We're being
asked to make a decision, I think, on too little information if we must make
a decision at this point in time to choose one or the other to continue. We're
not that informed on it. I just don't think it's very good, quality decisions.

James Keene, City Manager: I'm not sure I can give a definitive answer.
I'm partly asking Josh a question too. Is it reasonable for us to be able to
come back and provide Council any more information short of a feasibility
analysis that would help with this decision, first of all?

Mr. Mello: I think we could use the remaining funding in the contract to
select a preferred alternative out of these five. If you directed us to use our
                                                                            Page 40 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
