                             MINUTES
of rules regarding consent items, and clarification of the roles of Staff and
Council Members in Agenda setting to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman added that her notes from the Retreat indicated all items
under Number 1, Procedures and Protocols, on the handout were referred to
the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member DuBois clarified that items under Numbers 1 and 2 were
referred to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Kniss recalled public comment regarding procedure and
protocol changes. Council procedures and protocols evolved and changed
and would continue to change.

1B). Discussion and Potential Action on Meeting Management

Mayor Holman requested suggestions other than those discussed at the
Retreat.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted page 24 of the Retreat Minutes stated all Meeting
Management items would be referred to the Committee of the Whole.

Council Member DuBois did not believe the Council voted to refer all items to
the Committee of the Whole.

Council Member Wolbach recalled that the Council agreed not to make any
decisions after Council Member Scharff left the Retreat.

Mayor Holman again requested        suggestions   for   Policy   and   Services
Committee consideration.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether a Motion was needed to refer
topics to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman wanted to hold Motions until the end of the item. In light of
full Council Agendas and the inability to schedule a second meeting for the
Committee of the Whole, she requested Council Members not repeat
comments, remain on point, and offer concise comments during meetings.

Council Member Burt interpreted policies as rules and protocols as practices.
If protocols could be practices, then Mayor Holman's request could be added
to guidelines for the Council. That would not constrain Council Members'
comments, but it could remind Council Members to avoid those issues. He
suggested referral of that topic to the Policy and Services Committee;
however, any discussion would be meaningful only with clarification of policy
versus protocol.


02/17/2015                                                             116- 487
