                              MINUTES
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Scharff arrived at 6:57
             P.M., Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:      Kniss

Study Session

1.    Study Session on Railroad Quiet Zones in Palo Alto.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, explained that a quiet zone was a
section of rail where train horns were not routinely sounded in or near at-
grade crossings. Even in a quiet zone, a train horn could be sounded at the
engineer's discretion. Quiet zones did not eliminate the use of train bells.
Per the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA), if any one of four
supplemental safety measures was implemented, an at-grade crossing was
automatically eligible to become a quiet zone. Any city with an at-grade
crossing had the right to establish a quiet zone or zones. The right of the
city to implement a quiet zone was not dependent on the rail operators
impacted by the establishment of a quiet zone. The process to establish a
quiet zone was mandated by the FRA and involved a noticing and comment
procedure.      Stakeholders such as Caltrain and freight operators would
receive a 60-day notice of intent that the City was seeking to establish a
quiet zone and subsequently a 21-day notice of establishment for those
operating in the corridor. Following the 21-day notice, operators would be
expected to adhere to the quiet zone. He played videos of a non-quiet zone
and a quiet zone. Caltrain was willing to work with local municipalities if one
sought to establish a quiet zone; however, if a quiet zone was established,
then the city would assume liability for any incidents that occurred within the
quiet zone. According to the FRA, the courts would ultimately determine
who would be held liable if a collision occurred at a grade crossing located
within a quiet zone.         The City Attorney's Office concluded that the
establishment of a quiet zone could increase the City's exposure to potential
liability. If the City were to pursue one or more quiet zones, it was likely the
City would incur costs for design and implementation of improvements.

The principle policy issues of quiet zones were a real or perceived
relationship between train horns and safety and the cost of improvements
versus reduced horn noise. Staff requested Council input regarding the
prioritization of quiet zones within all other Caltrain and High Speed Rail
initiatives.



02/09/2015                                                              116- 452
