                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: We're not saying ...

Mayor Holman: I think you need to be a little ...

Council Member Kniss: We're not saying it's a big problem?

Mr. Lait: No, but I also think though that if we begin to get these requests
and we're evaluating them to the findings that need to be made, we're
probably not going to be supporting the sign exceptions either. I think
we've been a little more liberal in how we've applied the sign exception
criteria to these signs (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: I think that would be really welcome. Thanks very
much.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. Dropping stuff over here. I sort of had a
similar type question. You're saying the van sign is bigger than what we say
we would allow, which is no sign shall exceed 5 square feet in area. Is that
right?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. As I understand it, there's a limitation. Here's one that got
a sign exception for a larger sign.

Council Member Scharff: How do you get a larger sign exception?

Mr. Lait: I don't know the details around the specific sign that's shown on
the slide. One makes a request, and there's a number of findings that need
to be made. If you can demonstrate that your condition warrants that
granting of the sign accommodation or sign exception, the ARB will typically
approve that.

Council Member Scharff: We're going to continue that then, correct?

Mr. Lait: Nothing is changing about the practice with the one exception that
these would now be—not that, but a blade sign or a projecting sign would
be—you can do that not under a canopy. That's the only change we're
making about projecting signs.

Council Member Scharff: Since we have signs in front of us, I'm confused by
this. We also seem to have strong language, and that's what caught my
eye. Abatement of nonconforming signs which is 16.20.210. It basically
indicates we find a nonconforming sign, we tell you to take it down is the
way I read that. There seemed to be—the Max sign on the Max Smoke Shop
seems bigger than 5 square feet to me. The van sign's bigger. There's a
                                                                      Page 43 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
