                    ACTION MINUTES
3.    Selection of Applicants to Interview on September 29, 2015 for the
      Architectural Review Board, the Parks and Recreation Commission, and
      the Planning and Transportation Commission.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to reopen the recruitment for the Parks and Recreation Commission
for one month.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
interview all candidates for the Architectural Review Board and the Planning
and Transportation Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

16.   Update to Council on Business Registry and Council Discussion and
      Direction Regarding Phase 2.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to direct Staff to begin Phase 2 of the Business Registry with the
following modifications:

A.    Staff to define an enforcement Ordinance with proposed mechanisms
      for citation and overdue bill collection. Send proposal to Policy and
      Services Committee along with potential updates that address very
      small businesses, very small non-profits and religious organizations
      with no ancillary business on site, and changes to the Registration
      Survey. Policy and Services Committee should meet in a timely
      manner in order to ensure suggested changes will be ready by renewal
      date in Year Two; and

B.    Continue to enhance reporting capabilities, improve user functionality,
      data quality, and user experience and return to Council with any
      contract amendments, and/or resource requests as appropriate; and

C.    Explore integration with other permits and return to Policy and
      Services Committee with a plan for implementation to execute as
      Phase 3 of the Business Registry Certificate (BRC).

                                                                          Page 2 of 6
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 9/15/15
