                         TRANSCRIPT
such low esteem. How much would it cost the City to make some generous
praise for the Jissers at some point? It's time to conclude this process by
approving the report, allowing the owner to proceed as he chooses, and also
allowing individuals such as Mr. Simitian to make offers that Mr. Jisser may
wish to consider. I hope he does. Very sincerely, I hope this works out, but
I don't think the way to do it is by using the Ordinance to force something
that it doesn't have in it. Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz: Perfect, perfect timing. I want you to be aware about
property rights, all of you, all of us. Mr. Jisser does not have any property
rights that the government has not given him. Nor you, Gary. Nor you,
Marc. Nor you, Greg, Eric, Karen. None of you. Nobody has any property
rights except what the government says they have. We owned a house on
Palo Alto Avenue; it was 436 Palo Alto Avenue. My mom bought it for a
rather small sum. By the time she came to die, it was worth $1 million. The
government said, "Who are you to live in a million dollar house? We want
39 percent of it." All the property had to be sold. My daughter had to move
out of that property just the way these people's daughters have to move out
of their property, because of the government's desire to do things the way it
wanted and because the general principle is it's domain is eminent. I have a
house in Mountain View. The tenants wrecked it, and I went to the building
in Mountain View. We had a little discussion about $1,000 to put back the
bathtub. I said, "Never mind. I won't rent it out. I'll live in it myself."
Shelly said, "Oh, no. You can't live in that house. All you can do is mount
up fines and mount up fines until finally it's boarded up." If you think that
this is a country where property rights are respected, you've got another
thing coming. I think you're a little bit more sophisticated than that. These
people are investors. That property would be worth the bean field, if they
weren't on it. The County said, "You, sir, you may have an apartment
consisting of 100 residences on your property. You over there, you get to
stay on this property." No fair after they have invested their houses. They
have done the building on this property. Not like my mother, they didn't
have to fight the OPA and fight the rent control. No. The tenants, my God.
No. The houses came to them; they just pulled in the money. No, no, no,
no. I think it is appropriate, since the courts have ruled long since, that
people do not have to stay in the rental business. That the City use its
power of eminent domain; take over that for whatever the judge says the
appropriate amount is; and let these people go on in their lives. Thank you.

Winter Dellenbach: I just want to say a couple of quick things. Schools.
There's nobody here, there's literally not a person in this Chamber that
doesn't actually know that Palo Alto schools are nearly paramount, if not
paramount, in Palo Alto. There's huge value to them for the people that go
to school there. There's huge value to them to the people who don't go to
                                                                       Page 6 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/26/15
