                          TRANSCRIPT
fully saturated; only a few blocks that are less than that. What I can tell you
is based on these data, we are 20 cars short of being completely red today.
This does not take into account the 15 spaces that will be disappearing on
Page Mill when the County takes away those spaces. That leaves us with
five remaining spaces of street parking. We're a parking lot. We're already
there. This also does not take into account the impact of 441, and there will
be impact, the impact of all projects on Park Boulevard, 195 which is
halfway done and the others that are in the pipeline you've already
discussed today. At the moment, we do have a little bit of a safety valve,
because the former VTA lot still functions a lot and gets 20 to 25 cars every
day. When that goes away, I don't know what the color is above red.
Neilsen and I haven't discussed that, but we will be there. You need to
understand the context in which you're making these decisions. There will
be impact from 441. As Jason just discussed, the ratio is all off and you
know that. Even so, at the time that we had more than 100 percent parking
in our neighborhood, business parking lots were not full. Just because there
was parking there does not mean that people use them. We will definitely
have spillover onto our streets from 441. If you approve 441 as currently
formulated for parking, which is a mistake, than I insist that you approve
two other mitigating actions to help our neighborhood. One, you mandate
that all tenants of 441, both business and residential, only park in 441. If
you're so convinced there's enough parking, that should not be a problem. I
understand that the developer is not adverse to some sort of parking
program. Secondly, as Jason said, you establish an RPP zone including all of
Pepper and Ash to stand by its own, and you direct the Planning Department
to put that RPP Program on the fast track beginning tomorrow. We've
already been discussing this in our neighborhood. We are happy to work
with you to make that happen quickly.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. Doria Summa,
College Terrace. I'd like to acknowledge that there have been improvements
to this project. It's a handsome project, but I still have a lot of concerns. I
share the concerns about parking and especially traffic. I live very close to
that intersection, and I have experienced it. I'm also concerned about
loading requirements for this building. Section 18.52.040 of the Municipal
Code addresses minimum off-street loading requirements in new buildings.
Table 3 of this section appears to require two off-street loading spaces based
on the commercial square footage of 441 Page Mill Road. The location on
Page Mill Road expressway and the fact that there will no longer be any
parking on Page Mill, combined with the low access to off-street parking for
this site, makes it particularly hard for this building to be accessible to vans
and trucks. I didn't see any discussion regarding onsite loading spaces in
the Staff Report. I was wondering if it would be a good idea to do so. The
other option that's been mentioned is having loading on Ash Street, which
                                                                        Page 116 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
