                          TRANSCRIPT
across the street at the former Apple building, it's exactly the same thing.
It's a corner window.

Mayor Holman: Another question having to do with this is that same rhythm
question. As I look at the buildings along University Avenue, it seems like
the buildings have a variety of recesses. Some storefronts are recessed;
some aren't, but they differentiate. It seems like they pop in and out.
These are all the same recess and the same door pattern. Was there any
consideration of, the ARB may have addressed this, why this is such a repeat
pattern as opposed to differentiated? I would do two questions at once. The
entryways and also the roofline. If you look at the pattern along University
Avenue, especially on this block, the rooflines deviate quite some.

Mr. Hayes: To your first question, this was something that was discussed at
the ARB. You can see it in the progression of iterations with the project.
Initially it was very similar, not only in plan but also in elevation where we
had a very broad building. The ARB's comments, and I agree, was that we
really needed to break this up more and provide transitions and accentuate
that rhythm that we're defining as Palo Alto. That's where we made the
significant change to University Avenue frontage, where we took the first 30
feet. I wish I had my slides up. As you're looking at the building from
University on the left-hand side, where it transitions from the one-story
building to the two-story building, we completely dropped that. It's going to
read like a separate building on the left-hand side. That's about 30 feet.
That's going to create and start to set up the rhythm that you then see in
the remaining 75 feet of the frontage. I feel it's important for the building to
be seen as one as well. It can have these constituent parts, but I want it to
read like one composition. We've taken the height of that second story of
that first piece, the first 30 feet, and established that as a datum line that
runs through the elevation and defines the height of the balconies for the
third-floor apartments.         That provides that continuity, but then
superimposed on that is the block face that continues the 25-foot rhythm
that you see on the ground floor in the area that's above. That's what I was
trying to display tonight. When you step back, you do see those transitions
all over the Downtown in every block that has any buildings that are taller
than two stories. There is that transition in the block where I showed La
Strada and Joya and the Birge Clarke building as it transitions to the Wells
Fargo building. It's a beautiful transition from the four-story Wells Fargo
building that we didn't do to the three stories down to the two stories and so
forth. That is a pattern that I've seen in the Downtown, and that's what
we're repeating here.




                                                                        Page 67 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
