                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Could you restate your amendment please?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I want to make sure actually that I'm
looking at the right place. Where actually is the new version of what was old
C-3?

Council Member DuBois: Again, this is pretty confusing. This is what our
CAC group has been going through. I guess, I could let Jeremy do this.
Actually everything you're referring to is included. I think it's in what I've
listed as Goal C-4 and C-5. The policies around future planning and health
and well being include everything that was in the old C-3.

Council Member Wolbach: Perhaps Staff can identify where we would find
that in Attachment A.

Council Member DuBois: Page 8, the explanation in the middle.

Council Member Kniss: It's with the green on the outside of it, page 8. The
green Our Palo Alto Update.

Council Member DuBois: You have to read that text, and it tells you where
policies and programs got distributed to, based on version. If you see
existing Goal 3 to new Goals C-1, C-4, which I made more confusing by
renumbering them in my motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I would note that C1 and C-4 remove specifically
calling out those higher risk groups, at least as far as what I'm reading on
pages 10 and 11.

Council Member DuBois: They're all in—all the policies and programs are in
there; they're just under these new headings. That's the confusing part.

Council Member Wolbach: They were identified in the goals in the old Comp
Plan, but have been moved down to ...

Council Member DuBois: Now they're called ...

Council Member Wolbach: ... policies, but are no longer listed (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: They're called health and well being and planning
for the future.

Council Member Wolbach: Right. I would suggest that—I'm glad that there
are policies still addressing them, but I still think that it's important that our
goals highlight those high-need groups that we had previously identified as

                                                                          Page 54 of 107
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/5/15
