                         TRANSCRIPT
project is actually based on an old design for the park, which is probably not
what's going to happen now. There have been changes, there have been
new trails that have been built since the landfill was closed. Some things
have already been done.           In talking with the Community Services
Department about their thoughts for the park, we actually have a project
that I believe is in fiscal year 2017 for a Baylands Conservation Plan, which
is supposed to also look at ideas for how Byxbee Park should be treated.
The way those two projects are currently set up in the CIP is if that
Conservation Plan for the Baylands would happen first, and then it would
inform a design process for Byxbee Park.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Since I'm in that part of town, the Lucie
Evans, that building and the Boardwalk, is that scheduled somewhere here?
I know we're looking at it. It came up after the IBRC was looking at
projects. Where is that in the whole scheme of things?

Mr. Eggleston: We've got a couple of different projects that are kind of
happening in coordination out there. We are under way with design for
improvements for the Interpretive Center itself. We've had community
meetings about that. We've been to the PRC and, I think, the Architectural
Review Board as well. We've moving forward. We have some meetings with
resource agencies to figure out what environmental review might be needed.
The hope is to complete the work on that and go out to bid and get under
way with construction sometime this coming year.           There's a little
uncertainty about that environmental review and potential permitting
process still.

Mayor Holman: We certainly understand that. We can cover the cost of that
within ...

Mr. Eggleston: There will be a need for some additional funding for the
Interpretive Center project. In particular, some Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) needs for changes to the restrooms were identified during the
design that hadn't been part of our scope. That's something we're planning
to propose as part of the fiscal year 2017 budget.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. On the list of projects too is the Charleston-
Arastradero Corridor. I don't know what the scheduling is for the other
funding sources. I've heard also a number of comments from—I'd say
specific comments about completing the hardscape. That roadway keeps
getting talked about by members of the public, members of various
advocacy groups to maybe a little bit of an extent about changing the
roadway, but that's before we've even put in the hardscape, where we can
really determine what the capacity is and what the traffic calming is going to

                                                                        Page 26 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
