                          TRANSCRIPT
manipulation over it. As far as the expenditures you're considering to make,
I can't really evaluate them. From one sense, it sounds like a lot. From one
sense, it doesn't sound like much. You might consider waiting. I mean, if
you're within a few weeks here of getting major announcements that might
alter what you'd be spending and how you'd be spending it, you might
consider waiting until that happens.       It does seem after 17 years of
discussing this, since 1998, to let a few weeks force you to make a decision.
Be a little careful about that. What's $1 million between friends, I suppose?
Anyway, congratulations; you've been able to get some progress with
Google and AT&T. Let's get Comcast to join the party too, and we'll be in
business. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you very much.       Jeff Hoel to be followed by Peter
Allen.

Jeff Hoel: I'll take sort of the opposite point of view. I'm talking right into it
now.     When you heard the CTC report on October 28th, I think you
discovered [audio break] reported real data, so you told Staff, "Go away and
come back with the real data that supports this report," which I think is still
necessary. I was expecting to see some of that data tonight, but I don't see
any of it. At a couple of the CA [audio break] the CTC report says it's
$1,357, but Longmont, Colorado is able to do that for $596 instead per
premises. It would be really important to get the data to figure out why CTC
thinks it costs so much more. At the November 12th meeting, somebody on
Staff actually confessed, "We can't give you some of this information
because CTC says it's proprietary."           Now, that's a pretty revolting
development, that you can't even look in to find out whether the report says
the right information because the consultant that wrote the report says it's
proprietary. I think that's really unsatisfactory. Regarding the recent CAC
memo, I would urge Council not to put all your eggs in the basket of building
the muni system as a co-build. I think that's still an experimental idea that
we haven't received any substantiation from Google about. My feeling is we
would be much better off to build our own municipal system and tell Google
to take a walk. I'm glad that Vice Mayor Schmid put into the public record
that if Council says Google shouldn't come, then Google has promised not to
come. Thanks very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.          Peter Allen to be followed by—I apologize
here—Per Hjartoy.

Peter Allen: Good evening. Are we on? Good evening, Honorable Council
Members. I'm Peter Allen. I've been a resident of Palo Alto for about 30
years. We are on the threshold perhaps of being able to repeat something
that happened a little over 100 years ago; we created a utility. This time we

                                                                             Page 87 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
