                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm only volunteering because no one else was. The
Staff gave us several alternatives on how we could proceed tonight. I'll just
review them for us. They're on page 610 of the packet. First, deny the
appeal and approve the project. Uphold the appeal and approve the project
with modifications. Continue the appeal and request additional studies
and/or redesign. Finally, uphold the appeal and deny the project based on
its failure to meet required Findings. I'll start by saying there are some
Findings. We have to be able to make all of the Findings, not half of them,
not most of them, not all but one. We're legally required to make all
Findings. There are a number of Findings that I have real difficulty with,
principally around compatibility and mass and setbacks and in part around
other context-related issues. The question for me is whether to deny the
project outright or send it back to the appropriate bodies. In this case, also
I have a concern over the HRB not having been asked to advise on the
historic context. My reading of the Downtown Guidelines and other historic
documents is that it should not be limited to the building itself, but to the
surrounding buildings and the impact on surrounding buildings, a group of
buildings, whether it's a formally recognized district or not. Our Downtown
Urban Design Guidelines recognize this as an informal group of historic
buildings on Kipling. We have those two choices before us. I could either
make a Motion or we could have a brief discussion on what colleagues think
about the correct course of action. I don't want to get into putting a Motion
out there without having some sense of where my colleagues are headed.
Mayor, would it be appropriate to get a sense of direction amongst
colleagues before trying to do it through a Motion or would you prefer me to
put a Motion out there?

Mayor Holman: My concern is trying to get a sense of where Council
Members are, we could spend a lot of time trying to do that. That's my
concern with that.

Council Member Burt: How about a lightning round that asks out of the four
options, what direction their headed? There's no problem legally on that,
right? What if we just have a lightning round that we don't comment, we
just say, "We've got four different options. Where are you headed?"

Mayor Holman: What is your thinking about the rationale for a Motion to do
any one of those? It might influence somebody's comments.

Council Member Burt: I think that three and four are both based upon
determining that we cannot make the findings. Then it's just a question of
the redress. Do we send it back to Boards and Commissions to fix it
according to direction that we have around what we're seeing as being
inadequate in the project's ability to meet the findings? Do we reject it

                                                                       Page 70 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
