                             MINUTES
Margaret Heath suggested the Council impose a moratorium on office
development applications until pipeline projects were completed, perform an
accurate traffic study, implement a Business Registry including employee
counts, and cease exceptions and incentives.

Fred Balin reported office space had increased by more than 500,000 square
feet while retail space had shrunk significantly in the past seven years. The
Council should also prohibit conversion of retail space to office space and
reject any project that required Council discretion.

Randy Popp, speaking as an individual, agreed with comments published by
the Chamber of Commerce, Palo Alto Forward, and Stephen Levy. Capping
growth would be a tragic misstep. Incentivizing people to behave better
would have little effect in the short term. Replacing inefficient and obsolete
structures with new building stock, if done thoughtfully, would improve
traffic and parking problems.

Ian Irwin advised that sidewalks were not wide enough for the number of
pedestrians and bicyclists occupying them. A moratorium was appropriate
while issues were resolved.

Lee Lippert reported carbon neutrality could not be achieved by slowing
development. Building efficiency could only be achieved through building
replacement.

Terry Holzemer believed the growth in office space was changing the
environment. It was time to stop development exceptions and impose a
limit, cap, or moratorium on office development.

John Kelley felt a moratorium was a horrible idea. Even worse was the
Council deciding an issue when it had instituted a process in which the
community could participate.

William Ross favored a moratorium and a temporary cap. The Council
needed a cumulative traffic study and should consider a zero water footprint
requirement for new development.

Stephen Ehikian, RelateIQ, reported the company subsidized Lyft and Uber
services for employees commuting into Palo Alto via Caltrain. If the Council
could focus office development near arteries of transportation hubs, then
business owners could develop methods to reduce congestion.

Richard Brand encouraged the Council to act on a six to nine-month
development moratorium. The Council should act now rather than waiting
for additional data.

03/02/2015                                                              117- 39
