                          TRANSCRIPT
take Caltrain or take public transportation or create a system that can have
long-distance buses rather than millions of dollars to short-term fixes to the
roads. I'm sympathetic to the idea of adding a lane if it's for HOV purposes.
I'd have a lot of problems with it if it weren't for HOV. Your current plan
involves keeping the medians. Did you guys look at an idea of removing the
median, like they do on the Golden Gate Bridge, and in the morning you add
a lane one direction and you switch it in the afternoon? Essentially one lane,
but dual purpose.

Ms. Cameron: We've been asked about that on other expressways. That is
a very expensive system to operate and maintain. The County does not
have that kind of operating funds. We're running in deficit right now for
operating and improving the expressways. We do not have enough funding
to do it today.

Council Member Berman: That would be more expensive than adding two
separate lanes.

Ms. Cameron: It would be, that changing out a lane each way.

Council Member Berman: I have no idea how that works; I wonder about it
but didn't realize it's as expensive as it is. I don't know how you'd model it,
but have you thought about what impact driverless cars and new technology
will have in the future?

Ms. Cameron: Right now that has not been modeled. We are watching it
with great interest. There are two theories, which could end up canceling
each other out. One theory is driverless cars will automatically increase the
capacity of the road without doing anything to the road, because they can
travel closer together in packs and safer and so on. At the same time, they
open up owning cars by folks who cannot drive today, prefer not to drive.
You could see an increase in the number of vehicles on the road.

Council Member Berman: People might live further away.           I understand
there's a lot of different speculation.

Ms. Cameron: There's a lot of speculation right now. In the end, the
benefits in terms of congestion relief could cancel it out; we don't know.
One thing we all feel very optimistic about is they can overall improve
safety.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for the report. I went to the community
meeting you held at SAP. I saw you held that at many locations throughout
the County. You did a great job of community outreach. I liked how you
ran the session. You did a great job of capturing all the issues, listening to
                                                                         Page 23 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
