                          TRANSCRIPT

there. There's also some key east-west trail connectivity projects. Last year
there was funding programmed in our capital improvement budget to
advance a couple dozen projects pulled directly from the City's Bicycle and
Pedestrian Plan.      The map that's shown here illustrates the different
corridors that we were able to advance starting last year. Shown in purple
are the bike boulevard corridors. These include key connections like the
Bryant Street north-south corridor, Park and Wilkie as well as Ross, Greer
and Amarillo, Moreno and Midtown, and then a couple of corridors in south
Palo Alto. Through a partnership with Google we were able to supplement
this project list and actually add about four additional corridors. The concept
planning for those was funded directly by Google, but we advanced those
projects concurrently with the City-funded projects. Shown in green is the
Midtown connector project. We're going to appear a little bit later this year
to update you on that project. Since it was originally envisioned, it's become
more of a comprehensive study of east-west connectivity through the
Midtown neighborhood. Those corridors that are under study as part of that
project are shown in green on the map. After kicking off the concept
planning for this package of projects, we started with a series of bicycle ride-
alongs where we met members of the community out at different shopping
centers and schools and rode bikes and walked and basically toured the
corridors with all the members of the community, receiving input along the
way. We videotaped those bike-alongs. A lot of parents elected to bring
their children, so we were able to see how different rider types handled the
existing facilities that are out there as well as document some of the
challenges folks faced when they crossed the major streets or attempted to
navigate some of the corridors. We followed that up with some direct
marketing at the farmer's market on California Avenue. We set up a table,
and we had a big map of all the bike boulevard corridors. The goal of that
was to solicit input from people who don't necessarily ride bicycles today and
may want to and be interested in the program. We got a lot of good
feedback from that. We also had an interactive map of all of the corridors
where folks could drop dots on the map and then note challenges, obstacles,
opportunities that they saw along the network. Since that early stages of
planning, we've held several rounds of community meetings. We've been
kind of in an iterative process of development of the different concept plans.
Some of the concept planning efforts have moved a lot more smoothly than
others. There's a couple of projects that present some assorted challenges,
and we're recommending rethinking some of those projects as we move
forward. More recently, we have brought forward the Churchill Avenue
Phase 1 Concept Plan which you approved earlier this year. We also brought
forward the Park Boulevard, Wilkie and Stanford concept plan which was also

                                                                           Page 2 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
