                         TRANSCRIPT
public education, engagement and discussion. The Our Palo Alto meetings
that we had last year were a start down that direction. We've had a number
of meetings like that over the last few months convened by groups like Palo
Alto Forward, but not as much by the City. I want to echo what Council
Member Burt said about having more community engagement following the
Summit. Doing that and having an appointed committee is not in conflict
with having open source discussions. It's important that we have a good
level of public education throughout this. Having an appointed committee
would be useful. A group that can work together, bring together diverse
viewpoints, diverse experiences, but work together on an ongoing basis and
explore these issues as a group, in addition to the, as you put it, the open
source input that we can gather along the way. On the idea of having a
quantitative aspect that Council Member Filseth brought up, great. I'm not
sure how much of that should be done. It needs to be articulated in that
way in the Comp Plan. I'm not sure how I feel, because I've just had a
chance to look at the model. As Council Member Filseth said, this is a first
stab at it. I appreciate that effort and that attempt to start thinking
quantitatively. That's a good start to thinking about how much we want of
different things and what kinds of ratios we want. Council Member Burt's
responses and critiques, Council Member Filseth will be very open to. I
appreciate both of those comments.            Perhaps this is getting into
wordsmithing, but I'll just mention a couple of words that I didn't see in
these Vision Statement that maybe we should. Under Natural Environment
Element, I don't see the word wildlife. I don't think it would hurt to add
that. Under the Transportation Element, I'm looking for things like flexible,
dynamic, anything about performance measures or alternatives to driving for
all, not just that we have a system for drivers and a system for bikers and a
system for people who take the bus, but that there are multiple parallel
systems which everybody would be able to utilize.          Something about
performance measures is worth mentioning. I'm not sure if it needs to be
here in the Vision Statement, but the performance measures are very
important and should be an important tool for us moving forward in our
Comp Plan. I also want to echo Council Member Burt's comments about
having Concept Plans or Coordinated Area Plans be a tool that perhaps we
learn to use more efficiently. Again looking at the model of our next door
neighbor to the southeast of Mountain View that has a very large number of
Precise Plans. I don't think that's something we should shy away from
doing. That's a good way to figure out what works in different parts of the
community. Those are my comments for now.

Mayor Holman: I'll make a few comments at this juncture. It is important
that we have some kind of tool like what Council Member Filseth brought
forward. I don't know how we integrate it at this point in time, in this
discussion tonight. It's important to have that discussion, have some kind of
                                                                        Page 32 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Trasncript: 04/27/2015
