                             MINUTES
Mr. Koo indicated the majority of the proposed home contained 9-foot
ceilings. A nine-foot ceiling was the minimum standard for an average
house.

Mayor Holman understood the standard was 10 feet.

Mr. Koo clarified that the living room matched the single-story height.

Mayor Holman was unaware of a means to deal with the tradeoff between
design and privacy issues. Condition Number 6: Six 24” box sized “Tristania
Laurina” screen trees shall be planted along the easterly property line
(reflected in Sheet A-060 of revised plans date-stamped 10/2/14) prior to
final planning inspection of the project. An alternate evergreen tree species
may be proposed for Director review and approval (these trees shall reach a
minimum of 20 feet in height at maturity. A combination of trees and
climbing vines on the building wall shall be used to soften the building, of
the Record of Land Use Action did not reference maintenance of trees. She
inquired whether the Council could include maintaining a tree line in the
language of Number 6.

Ms. Gitelman would be happy to incorporate a change to that condition if
Mayor Holman would suggest language.

Mayor Holman noted Condition Number 8: The trees in the rear yard are to
remain, or if they are to be removed, comparable replacement screening
vegetation shall be planted subject to approval of the Director, did not
require long-term maintenance of vines on the building. She asked if Staff
considered planting some of the trees proposed for the east property line
closer to the house to soften the image and to provide a screen.

Ms. Koo planned to plant tall trees against the wall of the house facing the
Appellant's side yard.

Mayor Holman referred to Number 8, and asked if the neighbor to the rear
had raised concerns about daylight. She inquired about the location and
long-term maintenance of trees at the rear of the property.

Ms. Gitelman noted the condition stated that the trees were to remain. That
implied a requirement for them to be present into the future. If Mayor
Holman would suggest some language, Staff would be happy to incorporate
it.

Mayor Holman felt the condition should address long-term retention. The
ombudsman suggestion had been noted. A Colleague's Memo regarding an
ombudsman program would be presented in March 2015.

02/17/2015                                                                117- 14
