                            TRANSCRIPT
really think you guys have been very thorough in the beginning of what's
going to be a longer discussion. Frankly, it's only going to get more
complicated as we get to the actual complicated issues. I think we're off to
a good start. I agree with what Council Member Scharff said. I understand
and might even agree with the meaning behind Council Member Wolbach's
comments. The bottom line is the rules that currently exist is there is no
required minimum. We're just making that more clear for folks, which the
Code should do. I have no problem supporting Staff's recommendation.

Mayor Holman: Tom actually had his light on, but given ...

Council Member Kniss: No, that's my light. Sorry.

Mayor Holman: No, actually it was Burt, so it was Tom. Now you have your
light on, Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Kniss: I hear what Council Member Scharff is saying, and I
would agree with it as we're interpreting this tonight. When the time does
come, I think actually what you've proposed, Council Member Wolbach,
makes sense. Yes, we were asked to look at this tonight in its current light.
As we go forth, I think we should be thinking about what would those
changes be when we get to Tier 2. Cory, are you nodding and smiling?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I agree with the process that Council Member
Scharff and Council Member Berman have put forward. There are a number
of instances in here where we talk about 55 versus 59 years. I understand
there's some State law associated with that. Does the State law say it has
to be 55 or does it have to be at least 55? Other things being equal, it
seems like we should standardize on one if it's possible.

Ms. Silver: Yes, the State law does make a distinction between rental
housing and ownership housing. Rental housing needs to be 55, and
ownership has to be 59.

Council Member Filseth: Can rental housing be 59?

Ms. Silver: No, it can't.

Council Member Filseth: Ownership can't be 55?

Ms. Silver: Yes, we can bring down ownership if you want to do that.

Council Member Filseth:     I don't know.   Do you want to make it 55 for
everything?
                                                                      Page 76 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
