                         TRANSCRIPT
CALL THE QUESTION PASSED: 5-1 Filseth no, Berman, Kniss, Scharff
absent

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 4-2 Filseth, Schmid no, Berman, Kniss,
Scharff absent
Mayor Holman: It is quarter to 11:00.

Ms. Stump: Mayor Holman, this raises the question about whether the
Council has taken an action tonight on this item. You have four affirmative
votes on a Council of nine.

Mayor Holman: This is what we talked about earlier, isn't it?            Is it an
affirmative vote or not?

Ms. Stump: With respect to setting up a committee, it's not sufficient to do
that. You should... Did you have five?

Mayor Holman: We had four. Four to two.

Council Member Burt: I'm sorry. Can you explain that?

Ms. Stump: You have a nine member Council, and a majority is five. You
generally need five to take an action. Certainly our Charter requires that for
contracts, employment, any kind of Ordinance. I'm not sure that we've
looked at this with respect to setting up an advisory committee, but it is a
somewhat formal body. I don't know if Council is comfortable setting it up
with four votes out of a nine member Council.

Council Member Burt: It still has to come back to full Council anyway, right?

Ms. Stump: That's a great point. That makes sense to do it that way. Why
doesn't Staff take this as direction to return with the items that Council
asked for and then you can get a vote with all members present? Thank
you, Council Member Burt.

Mayor Holman: It is a quarter to 11:00. We do have a Closed Session item.
I don't know if Staff feels like you have enough guidance from the Council
Members from their comments about these Vision Statements or if we
should do a lightning round.

Ms. Gitelman:      Thank you, Mayor Holman.        We did get substantive
comments from the Council that we can incorporate into a third version at
some point in this process to bring back to the Council. It would be useful to
continue this discussion at some point about the structure that's created by
the Goals. I recognize it's so hard to compare those two columns. We'll
                                                                         Page 56 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
