                         TRANSCRIPT
James Keene, City Manager: Council Member Kniss, could you just text me
that?

Council Member Kniss: Pardon?

Mr. Keene: Could you just text me that? I'm just kidding.

Council Member Kniss: Yeah. In fact, I'll send you these two things. Is that
not fun?

Council Member DuBois: It'd be great to have him come in and speak.

Council Member Kniss: I realize why I have some trouble with some of you.
It was a big help.

Mr. Keene: Yeah, the room's loaded with them.

Council Member Kniss: The rest of the conference had a lot on a whole
variety of things. I was in the emergency preparedness one. The fellow
who was giving it said, "Anybody here from Palo Alto or Mountain View?"
Yes. He said, "I can't improve on what Palo Alto and Mountain View have
done." He said, "Their ability not only to respond, but also"—I didn't realize
this, Jim; everything comes out on Twitter. I've got to confess I'm not on
Twitter. I've got to get on Twitter in a hurry apparently.

Mr. Keene: You need to follow the PAPD Twitter feed.

Council Member Kniss: That's what they talked about.

Mr. Keene: We do it in conjunction with Mountain View. We have the
second highest Twitter following of a police department in the country.

Council Member Kniss: It was announced at the conference. I've forgotten
who it was talking about it, but he couldn't have been more positive about
the Palo Alto Police Department and their ability to communicate in a hurry.
It's very impressive. Lastly, thank you in particular to Council Member Burt
who showed up at 7:30 on, maybe closer to 8:00, on Friday morning when I
was elected president of the Peninsula Division of the League. Thank you all
for your support. Look forward to sending me any of your requests that you
have for the State committees. That's one of the things that the local
League presidents do.

Mayor Holman: Congratulations. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of things. On Thursday at the League, I
made it kind of—at least the afternoon, I made sort of a law enforcement
                                                                      Page 103 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
