                         TRANSCRIPT
      2016 for a     Public   Hearing   for   Objections   to   Proposed      Weed
      Abatement.”

Mayor Holman: With that then, we move to Item Number 23, our first
Action Item. This is adoption of a Resolution declaring weeds to be a public
nuisance and setting January 11, 2016 for a public hearing for objections to
proposed weed abatement. Do we have a motion please? I will move Item
Number 23, and looking for a second.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to:

A.    Adopt a Resolution declaring weeds to be a public nuisance and setting
      January 11th, 2016 for a Public Hearing; and

B.    Direct Staff to publish a Notice of the Public Hearing in accordance with
      the provisions of the Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Mayor Holman, second by Council Member
Berman, to approve Item Number 23. With that, vote on the board please.
That passes—if Council Member Kniss will join us. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, just in case nobody read the
Staff Report, which I could understand why they would not, this is a
requirement under State law that the City must pursue. This isn't a kind of
initiative that the Council decided to take on its own and take this action.
It's a compliance requirement from those above.

Mayor Holman: It is not a new Council Priority.

24.   Conceptual Approval of Expanded Boundaries for the Downtown
      Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Program and Council Direction
      on Parameters for Phase Two of the Program.

Mayor Holman: With that, we move then to Item Number 24. We will have
some recusals by Council Members including myself. This is the conceptual
approval of expanded boundaries for the Downtown Residential Preferential
Parking (RPP) Program and Council direction on parameters for Phase 2 of
the Program. We have recusals by a number of Council Members, all to my
right. Council Member Berman, would you care to start?



                                                                         Page 29 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
