                         TRANSCRIPT

the City's open budget platform as well. On behalf of Walter, the OMB Staff
and Lalo and all the folks in finance and ASD, we want to thank Council for
your engagement and guidance during the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget
hearings. That's the end of my report. Thank you.

Oral Communications

William Landgraf: Members of the City Council and City Manager, several
weeks ago I saw a City-sponsored program which should be considered for
future use. A group of tree trimmers worked their way through lines of trees
on Stone Lane and then to Ross Road. The effort was well done and
completed in short time, approximately five to six hours for both sides of the
street. Congratulations to the City Council for outsourcing a much needed
job and saving money. How many jobs can be similarly outsourced, thereby
saving Palo Alto time and money? We have a City Manager who has a salary
of $433,482 and two assistants totaling approximately $700,000 a year.
With our City Manager's salary being twice that of any neighboring city in
the valley and twice as much as any U.S. governor, governor I state, do our
executives provide twice the quality or effort corresponding to such salaries?
Do the City of Palo Alto's self-esteem arise from a close proximity to
Stanford and it's world class excellence in teaching and resource? Food for
thought. Some additional outsourcing needs to be considered now. Can we
implement other City-sponsored work programs which might be used
elsewhere in the City of Palo Alto offices? Months ago I experienced a quad
muscle rupture here in Palo Alto requiring major surgical repair. It resulted
from a bungled City building inspection. I feel the lasting effects of this
mishap when we consider to do outsourcing for such inspectors in our
Building Department. Many folks more frequently street repair using thick
steel covering plates. These City ramps are poorly designed to minimize
frequent damage to cars. Drivers have submitted claims for such auto
damages. When City lawyers responded to such claims, they stated the
damage was not their fault. There was no prior review of the related street
sites or corresponding auto damage. If these legal persons had focused on a
suggested Stanford site which I gave them, they would see how Stanford's
contractor avoids such damage by using an extended transition ramp for
those street repairs. It's obvious that we need an objective person, better
than our lawyers, to carefully examine such damages and related claims.
Here's an excellent opportunity for Palo Alto to employ a more objective
individual thorough outsourcing for such employees from a pool of outside,
talented people. Our sourcing of such jobs will help Palo Alto recoup its
excessive salary and benefits package for City employees, thereby helping to
focus on a more balanced budget. Thank you.
                                                                       Page 30 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
