                          TRANSCRIPT
if you want to increase the receptiveness of this Council and the credibility of
your presentation.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things. First of all, I think
we should talk a little bit about the housing issue. When we did the Housing
Element, we specifically said these are bad sites for housing. Council was
fairly unanimous on that. In fact, we talked about that. We put that in the
Housing Element. The only reason we did it is we were facing a deadline
from HCD, so we had to get our Housing Element approved. In fact, we've
made a commitment to come back and look about rezoning those away from
being housing sites, and putting in the housing basically either on California
Avenue or Downtown, but somewhere closer to transit. There was a long
discussion about that. I think we have to remember that. This isn't the fact
that we're doing less housing sites. We were then thinking of moving these
to places that were closer to transit, that would be more appropriate for
housing. I think that's a real key point. The second key point I think we
should make is that, yes, everything we build adds traffic, but we haven't
zoned this property to be existing.        We don't have a moratorium on
development. We can't say to people, "You can't build anything." The
question is what will the traffic impact be on this. I think the EIR will tell us
this as we go through that process. What I'm hearing initially is that with
the signalization optimization project, with the fact that hotels in my
experience and what everyone says have very few peak hour trips which is
really the issues on most traffic concerns, that a hotel typically causes less
traffic than commercial development or housing, frankly. Therefore, we'd be
better off with a hotel from a traffic standpoint than building housing or
building some other commercial development. Obviously you want to see
the traffic report; you want to understand that. If that is true—now if this
causes big traffic issues, I would have issues with this project. The question
to the developer at the end of the day is when you bring this forward to us,
it has to show that it has very little impact or in fact hopefully will make the
situation somewhat better. I also think we should focus a little bit on the
fact that we as a Council have repeated over and over again that you have
to meet Code. This project completely and fully meets Code. I think it
would be a little disingenuous for us to be telling people that if you
completely comply with all of our Code and everything, we still are not going
to approve your project. I think we have to sort of make that decision. This
does completely meet our Code, at least that's what everyone says. I do
think obviously, as I said when we did the Shady Lane project, that I want to
see the ARB endorse the project before I would support it. It still has to go
through that ARB review and the ARB proposals. If the ARB supports it, it
meets our Code, there are little to no traffic impacts, in fact with the
                                                                         Page 11 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
