                          TRANSCRIPT
aid for power restoration at the northern California fire area. Last week we
dispatched electric utility crews to the northern California wildland fire area
to assist with power restoration efforts. Some of the power plants, electric
transmission, distribution and electricity generating facilities operated by the
Northern California Power Agency, NCPA, of which the City is a member,
have been impacted by the fires. As part of the mutual aid agreement under
NCPA, five electric operations Staff departed Wednesday for Healdsburg.
They were there for about five days framing and setting poles to restring
electric wires. We understand that the crews were released this morning
and are returning to Palo Alto today. We thank the City's Utility and Fire
Departments for their service to our greater northern California community
and glad they have all returned safely. Next, I'd like to update you on some
events in our Community Services Department. This past week, the Palo
Alto Children's Theatre presented The American Revolution, where more
than 1,400 fourth through eighth graders attended student matinees, and
another 600 community members enjoyed three public performances. The
City's Children's Theatre opened its 2015-2016 Playhouse series in
September with sold out performances of Snow White. The Playhouse
ensemble now consists of 35 teens who perform interactive fairy tales for
young audiences ages 2 to 6 years old. The Teen Arts Council held their first
open mike night of the season at Mitchell Park Community Center on Friday,
September 25th. This year, the Teen Arts Council is holding their first
meeting of each month at the Mitchell Park Teen Center with events planned
at the Community Center throughout the year as part of an effort to increase
outreach to Gunn High School students. There are also a number of
important events during the coming week that we wanted you to be aware
of. We'll have a White House official speaking at our Palo Alto Veterans
Summit this coming Friday. Colonel Nicole Malachowsky, Executive Director
of Joining Forces, the White House initiative on supporting veterans and
their families, will be the keynote speaker at the City of Palo Alto Human
Relations Commission's Summit on ending veterans' homelessness. The
event will run from 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. at the Mitchell Park Community
Center. Initiated by First Lady Michelle Obama and Dr. Jill Biden, Joining
Forces is a nationwide initiative focused on support of service members,
veterans and their families with a focus on wellness, education and
employment opportunities. Mayor Holman will provide opening remarks.
For more information, contact Mary Constantino at the City's website. Also
coming up in the next week is the Sixth Annual Bike Palo Alto to send
bicyclists all over town. Jump on your bike and join the Sixth Annual Bike
Palo Alto on Sunday, October 4th, for a fun, free and family-friendly event
designed to encourage residents to ride their bikes more often for local
shopping and other trips around the City. The event will start at El Carmello
Elementary School at Bryant and Loma Verde from 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. where
participants can get free bike maintenance, find suggested routes to schools
                                                                          Page 6 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
