                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: If you deny the DEE, then the project applicants can move
forward with the project, but without the two DEEs for the stairwells. It
would be a flat contour.

Council Member Scharff: Are we convinced they need a DEE for the two
stairwells? What's confusing me a little bit in this whole thing is when I read
the EIR and I read in terms of the DEE, we're talking about a different
structure. We've gotten rid of that structure; we now have pop-up furniture
as far as I can tell. I want to make sure you would need a DEE for those
stairwells or we don't know? For the elevator is the answer, because you
need the elevator if you service that.

Ms. Silver: Right. It's not entirely clear at this point. The project could be
modified to, number one, bring down the rooftop deck to 750 square feet, in
which case you wouldn't need one of those DEEs. The stairwells also might
be modified in a way to eliminate the height protrusion and one of the DEEs
might be eliminated that way as well.          There could be some design
modifications to get rid of the DEEs altogether.

Council Member Scharff: This is an interesting issue. For me, it's a better
project with the rooftop deck. The side things, the elevator shafts or
whatever they are, add some architectural interest. When I listened to all of
the speakers, I heard some people say don't pass the DEE. All of the
impacts that people talked about for the most part were on the building itself
as opposed to whether or not those little pop-up structures should be there.
I didn't see the impacts for that. I see us approving the building. We
approve the building without the rooftop, and the community is worse off.
That's how I think of it. However, I am having a hard time with the
language of exceptional or extraordinary circumstances or conditions. If
that part wasn't here, it would be easy to say we could do this. I have to go
back and say, "What have we been doing in the past?" I asked Mr. Lew that
question. Staff's recommending this. The Architectural Review Board did
this. Is this a case of first impression on this, where we're stretching this, or
have we been historically always going along and saying these are the kinds
of things we do with DEEs. Do we know the answer to that? Why was Staff
okay with this? That's the question. Is there a historical basis or not?

Mr. Lait: As best as I have been able to put together, there has been
generally a little bit more support for these exceptions. Part of that goes
back to the purpose of the Design Enhancement Exception, which is to
enhance the design of a project without altering the function or use of the
site or its impact to surrounding properties. There are those findings that
need to be made. That first finding is like a variance finding, almost out of
State law where there are these hardships. It almost reads on that level.

                                                                         Page 78 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
