                          TRANSCRIPT
to quantify that. If we said something like the minimum amount practical to
use it.

Council Member Scharff: Where in the Ordinance is that?           There is that
somewhere; I just don't remember. Do you remember?

Council Member Filseth: I don't remember either. Staff?

Council Member Scharff: I know I read it somewhere.

Ms. Gitelman: It's currently in 18.85.104. I should mention there's a
numbering problem there. That should be 105. Currently there are two
Sections 104.   Reconstruction, we say that ground-floor uses can be
reconstructed.

Council Member Filseth: The minimum amount needed to provide access.

Ms. Silver: I don't believe that that is currently in the Ordinance, but Staff's
practice has been that when there is a office use put on the second floor,
that where the entrance or the lobby impacts the first floor, we do permit
some limited retail reduction. The purpose of your Amendment is to clarify
that that reduction would only be for the minimum amount practicable. We
would recommend just adding a clarifier in 18.85.102, add it to Section (d).

Council Member Berman: You would add a Section (d)?

Council Member Scharff: There is no Section (d).

Ms. Cara: Yes, you would add a Section (d).

Council Member Scharff: That would say what?

Ms. Silver: Which would say "in interpreting this Ordinance, the City shall
limit entrances, lobbies or reception areas serving non-ground-floor uses to
the minimum amount practicably needed to provide access to any new upper
floor and/or lower level uses."

Council Member Scharff: How would that square with 18.85.104?

Ms. Silver: That 104 section deals with reconstruction for purposes of fire.
Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's in redevelopment of a site. If you demolish a building
and rebuild, you have to have the same amount of ground-floor retail,
except you can reduce it to the minimum amount necessary to get parking
below and access to the upper floors. Adding something in Section 202, the
                                                                          Page 37 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
