                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I very much agree with the concern that we pass
something that's simple and clear this evening, that we don't make
extensive modifications to it this evening which raise legal complications and
invite challenges to the emergency Ordinance. Our backstop Ordinance, our
permanent Ordinance that Staff is also working on, is the right place to have
the more substantial discussions. As the seconder of the Motion, if there are
recommendations for friendly Amendments for something that Staff has
indicated would be very clear, would be very easy to do, would not require
additional complex work to write new definitions and which have broad
support of the Council, I'd be open to hearing those. My strong inclination is
to stick with something very clean and simple this evening, stick with what
was drafted by Staff. Then in our permanent Ordinance have the time to
work on these. One question is do we maybe want to amend this Motion or
would we need to amend this Motion to direct Staff to provide alternatives
about some of these other things that have been raised tonight, just
procedurally. Have you heard enough already so that when the permanent,
backstop Ordinance comes to P&TC and then to us, that you already
understand what some of the questions are that need to be addressed?
That's actually a question for Staff.

Ms. Stump: I might have oversold that a bit. The intention with the
permanent, backstop Ordinance is to start with the identical Ordinance. If
there are very minor adjustments, that could occur there more readily than
with the extension that will come in 45 days. The Planning Director has
indicated that extensive discussions really are better grounded in a district
by district permanent zoning process.

Council Member Filseth: First of all, I want to echo what Council Member
Scharff said, Staff did a good job of threading its way through a potentially
hairy territory with this Ordinance. It's good. It's important we pass a
version of it tonight. Given that it's going to be difficult to amend after
tonight, we ought to try to carefully add a couple of things. I want to
propose a friendly Amendment or two. One is to clarify that the definition of
retail and retail-like services is specifically intended for services that are
open to the public as opposed to some corporation puts a function like this
on their ground floor, but it's really only for them.

Council Member Scharff: I believe that's covered in the Ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: Where?

Council Member Scharff: Where we said you can't have 25 percent ...

Council Member Burt: Cite it.

                                                                         Page 35 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
