                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: If that's the intent, then that's fine.

Mr. Dennis: Yeah, it's explicit in the ...

Council Member Filseth: I just want to make sure that that's the intent. In
the PTC version, there were a large number of sort of low-level policy
changes which cumulatively add up to fairly substantial changes. I think we
need to make sure we go back to the original policies.

Mr. Dennis: That's why this direction that we're receiving tonight is so
important. By not only receiving suggestions related to the goals and the
vision statement, but also as part of the narrative that we're hearing that
provides the CAC with the direction that I think you're seeking. Explicit
within their purview is looking at the policies and programs based on your
direction.

Council Member Filseth: Is there any reason we should put existing goals
and policies?

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I'm kind of looking at Staff again. We're not
setting the policies; we're having the working group discuss those.

Council Member Filseth: Use the existing ones as opposed to the new ones.
Sorry. My intent is that they start with the existing ones, not the new ones.

Ms. Gitelman: I think I can respond in saying that that is our intention. We
will be providing the existing policies as the basis for discussion informed by
the PTC. The existing Comprehensive Plan will be the basis.

Council Member Filseth: I'm okay with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I was inclined to just offer a substitute
motion, but I think I can probably work with this with a couple of, hopefully,
friendly amendments for the maker and the seconder. The first one, it says
"the two concept area plans." What I was suggesting during my earlier
comments was that it wasn't just about one or two concept area plans. It
was suggesting as a goal that we shift towards coordinated area plans or
concept area plans as a regular planning tool. Mountain view is a good
example for this, as I mentioned earlier. They have several dozen. It can
be a whole neighborhood, or it can be a specific parcel. As I mentioned
before, they did three in a year. What I was not suggesting was that we just

                                                                        Page 79 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
