                          TRANSCRIPT
doesn't respect the past in any way, shape or form. He talked about
architectural compatibility. There's no compatibility. Look across the street.
You have Pete's Coffee, the Cream, the old Varsity Theater, even the
President Hotel Apartment building. Even though that's large, it's still
Spanish Colonial Revival heritage architecture, and the same with these
buildings. The old Apple building is Art Deco. The ones that you're looking
at destroying are Art Deco. They were probably built, in my estimate, in the
1930s. I'm just saying that slowly but surely the architects that are getting
approval for these new commercial buildings are destroying the charm of
this City. Thank you.

Cheryl Lilienstein: Good evening. My name is Cheryl Lilienstein and I hope
that this PowerPoint thing that I have will get set up so that I can show you
the photos that I have. Tonight I'm speaking as the President of Palo Altans
for Sensible Zoning, and I'm using the appeal before you tonight to ask for
more integrity and compliance by architects, City Staff, the ARB and the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC), who unfortunately have
biases that show up in approvals of buildings that are out of compliance with
the parts of the Comprehensive Plan they prefer to ignore or they make stuff
up. For instance, Mr. Hayes asserts in his letter to the Council that his
designs enhance the eclectic nature of Palo Alto and meet the compatibility
design goal which he says includes buildings that are taller. I challenge
anyone in the community to tell me where in the Palo Alto Municipal Code or
the Comprehensive Plan we find this taller building goal stated. Nowhere in
it does it state that taller buildings are a design goal, and yet the meetings
I've attended, members of the ARB and PTC act as if it's their prerogative to
promote larger buildings, even though their job is to ensure compatibility
with the Comprehensive Plan. I'd like the Council to insist that the members
of the Boards and Commissions set aside their personal preferences and act
in accordance with Palo Alto's Codes. Let's consider the word eclectic, since
it's been used by various members of Council and architects. Frankly I'd like
more eclectic. I appreciate imagination and would really like more of it
expressed in our streetscape. This buzzword eclectic is being used as a
substitute for imagination, taste, harmony and true pedestrian-oriented
design which is something our City really wants. What I see here is not
eclectic; it's generic. It could easily be anywhere in the world. Here are
some examples: Berlin, Frankfurt and Phoenix all have parking garages that
look similar to this type of architecture. Can you tell the difference between
these parking garage buildings and the one proposed?              Is there any
specificity to the style or would you say any of these buildings relates in any
way to University Avenue, Kipling Street or Palo Alto? No. Nonetheless, in
their report to the Council, the ARB unanimously claims that this project is in
compliance.      In addition, the ARB has taken it as their professional
prerogative to override the guiding documents of the City. Here's a list that
                                                                       Page 34 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
