                              MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach suggested strengthening language of the climate
change and renewable resources initiative to advocate for very strong
climate change initiatives to protect against sea level rise. The initiative
regarding funding for public safety, housing, etc., should include rainwater
capture and other efficient water use initiatives at the local level. Additional
initiatives should be to seek grants for single-occupancy vehicle trip
reduction and to clarify or change the State Density Bonus Law to ensure it
did not encourage worsening of jobs/housing imbalances in areas with a
surplus of jobs. With respect to Regulatory initiatives, he wanted to include
anything about California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) reform. He
questioned whether the California High Speed Rail (HSR) Project remained a
top priority. Initiatives should advocate for Caltrain electrification, for grade
separation of Caltrain, and for State and Federal policies promoting regional,
subregional, and municipal initiatives to improve public transportation and
reduce single-occupancy vehicle trips.         The initiative about housing
mandates needed clarity regarding the how and why of a revised formula.

Council Member Burt requested the Utilities Staff and Sustainability Officer
identify existing barriers to fuel switching and methods to support removal
of barriers. The Density Bonus Law initiative should include rectification of
counterproductive aspects that exacerbated jobs/housing imbalances. The
City's support for local commuter rail and HSR remained important topics.
When considering possible funding sources for Caltrain grade separation and
modernization, the City should recommend that funding be applied to
environmentally beneficial enhancements to commuter rail and perhaps
feeder systems. He suggested initiatives include continued seismic retrofits
and identification of supplemental funding sources for retrofits and
modification of the permit approval process of Regional Water Quality
Control Boards in the State. He questioned whether legislative change was
needed for water conveyance fees. He requested a process for the Council
to move the list of initiatives forward while revising it. The list should be a
two-year agenda.

Mr. Keene recommended the Council adopt the Manual which did not include
the Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives. The Council was discussing
the building of a formal strategic process to focus on proactively advocating
for legislation. The City could advocate for a limited number of bills. The
Council could identify important topics, but should also understand when
goals could not be achieved in a specified timeframe.

Council Member Burt noted a distinction between emerging legislation that
the City could support versus topics for which the Council wanted to take a
leadership role. Taking a leadership role was more important.



02/17/2015                                                                117- 21
