                          TRANSCRIPT
The focus will be on the northern tunnel to begin.         We are hopeful for
installation in August or September of this year.

Ben Miyaji, Public Art Commission Vice Chair: Good evening. This is an
update of the Public Art Master Plan. First, I want to say it's a pleasure
speaking to you in person. I think the last time I spoke to you was about six
weeks ago over Skype and I was at AT&T Park. Now I get to talk to you in
person. Everything that we've seen so far ties into what the Public Art
Master Plan is and what Palo Alto and the public art process is. We have
very diverse communities that public art can tie together. It could be
meeting places. It could be identity for Palo Alto. It could be destination
public art. The public art is public art and what brings this City together.
That's the important thing about public art, that it can bring a community
together. About a year ago we met about the Public Art Master Plan. That
process was about to begin with an open RFP process. The Commission was
looking forward to selecting the consultants to write the plan. Two national
authorities in public art, Barbara Goldstein and Gail Goldman, were selected
to gather community input and write the plan. They both have extensive
experience in working with different types and sizes of communities, City
Staff and even City Councils and writing Master Plans. The Public Art Master
Plan is a one-year process and will be a roadmap for public art in Palo Alto
for the next five to ten years. The Master Plan process includes extensive
community outreach and engagement led by—it's a nickname for the
consultants—the golden girls and including artist-led outreach which is very
important. The artist outreach gives another view in how to look at things
and how to gather information other than the consultants going out and
doing that. The outreach will include speaking with Council Members, City
Staff and other stakeholders in the community. At present more than 25
meetings have taken place with Staff and key community representatives.
The Plan will refine the vision and goals of the Public Art Program. The
public art collection will be evaluated and mapped. It's very important to do
that.    Recommendations for amendments to policy, procedures and
guidelines will be presented. One important recommendation will be the
(inaudible) policy, how and when to remove public art from the collection.
Opportunities and priorities for placement of public art, both permanent and
temporary will be identified through discussion with City Council, Staff and
the public. Another vital area will be examining the methods and criteria for
artist and artwork selections. This is a very important thing to have some
sort of criteria, especially for the artist and for the artwork. Another feature
will be identifying partnerships and funding opportunities for the Public Art
Program. As was mentioned, the University Avenue tunnel project was a
very important one with Stanford, because that is the portal between Palo
Alto and Stanford. Short-term, mid-term and long-range implementation
strategies will be prioritized. A Public Art Master Plan Advisory Committee
                                                                           Page 7 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
