                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It just seems like a temporary fix. At some point,
keep bumping that number up and we're no site design for 30 units. At that
point, it gets a little silly.

Mr. Lait: I think there is a broader policy conversation that needs to occur
likely as a result of the Comp Plan Update. Here we were looking to the
Housing Element policy. I think we've referenced it in the Staff Report. It
escapes me right now. H-23 or 2.3 or something like that. Looking to that
policy, I think it gave us guidance about the number nine. I think that's why
we selected that number.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I don't have any other lights on for this group.          Council
Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On page 21 under 18.16.050, Items 3 and 4. It
references occupied by housing on March 19. In "4" it says vacant on
March 19th, 2001. Help me understand what's the significance of that
particular date and why it doesn't say "on or before." I guess I'm just not
clear. What's the context that creates that? Do you know?

Mr. Lait: The ordinance that implemented this section was probably on or
near that date. That's just a point in time that was chosen.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess that's not something that you guys are
proposing changing. It's just something that caught my eye. I don't know if
that's something we should update or not. I won't press it tonight. On the
four or nine, I'm actually okay with bumping it up to nine. The one we were
just talking about.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) Cory?

Council Member Wolbach: No, I'm actually looking for my next notes. I
made notes on a few different pages of this. Maybe this is what you were
already talking about. I'm sorry if I'm repeating something we'd already
discussed. Page 25, "2b," where we took out shift the building footprint. I
was wondering if maybe we should just leave that in, in addition.

Mr. Lait: The reason we struck it there is because we added it to Letter c
below.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess that's it for right now.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

                                                                      Page 87 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
