                         TRANSCRIPT
final statements. This appeal is not about the applicant's right to develop
her property. We have never said that they can't develop this property.
This appeal is about maintaining proper mass and size and ensuring proper
transitions. As was mentioned here, TDRs—the ARB mentioned this as well.
Chairman Lew said TDRs don't get to automatically override these concerns
whenever the applicant wants to apply them. This would normally be a 2.0
FAR. They can take it up to a 3.0 FAR maximally. That's what they've tried
to do. They are pushing every square foot for the maximum rent that they
possibly can get. There's greed here, folks. That's what's motivating all of
this. If we had an opportunity to scale this back a little bit, we would not
have been here. Palo Alto is slowly facing a death by a thousand cuts. Each
one of these types of projects is being evaluated individually so that the
resulting building is now compared to a future building. When we have no
small buildings and historic with which to look at, you won't be having any
more of these conversations. That's what's really sad here. It's death by a
thousand cuts. We're not looking at the totality and the comparative
aspects. Go back and listen to the ARB hearings; they've mentioned that as
well as the HRB Members as well. Thank you so much. I really encourage
you to have the strength to deny this application please.

Public Hearing closed at 6:02 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Council Members, given that we
have a number of people—we talked about this at pre-Council—waiting for
also Item Number 2, the Special Orders of the Day, we're going to do that
right now and go through that quickly, and then come back to Item Number
19. Those folks should be coming into the chambers right now. While we're
doing that, I'd like to remind Council Members that, also in front of you, you
have the ballots for Parks and Rec Commission tally. If you would turn
those in right now too, Staff can be compiling those ballots while we are
making presentation to the award winners.

James Keene, City Manager: Thanks, Madam Mayor. If I just might add for
folks watching at home, since the agenda's a little confusing, Item Number
19 is 429 University which was the first item on your agenda item, because
we moved it forward. Just so there's no confusion. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much for that.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 2.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Proclamation Honoring Winners of the 2015 Architectural Review Board
     Awards.
                                                                          Page 18 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
