                         TRANSCRIPT
going to base—basically what I think the effect of this is that it basically
does away with anyone using the PTOD district. Right? That was sort of the
sense I got. This seems to keep the status quo the way it is. I didn't want
to make policy decisions tonight if we can keep the status quo. I'm
accepting it because we want to keep the status quo, but I do want to have
the policy discussion about what this looks like, why have a PTOD district,
how much more housing do we want, what kind of densities do we want, all
that kind of stuff.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, do you accept it, as the seconder
of the main Motion?

Council Member Berman: I don't know. Is this directly mentioned in this,
that strike-through in particular or no? Does Staff have any idea? I'm
looking for a quick synopsis of exactly what this change means before I ...
This did implement and make it consistent with the new Housing Element.
Now, we're not going to be consistent with the new Housing Element. Is
that correct?

Ms. Silver: No, that's the change on the top of page 29. The change that
we're talking about is the strike-through of Section 3 which says that in
PTOD zones you are not entitled to take advantage of density bonus. The
amendment on the floor is you're not entitled—you can take advantage of
either the PTOD housing density bonus or the State Law Density Bonus,
whichever is greater.

Council Member Berman: Okay, I'm fine with it.

Mayor Holman: That Motion is accepted then.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace in Section 19 of the
Ordinance, Municipal Code Section 18.34.040(e)(3) with “the provisions of
this section are intended to address the density bonus requirements of State
law within the PTOD District. The maximum bonus density available under
this section shall be the greater of the bonus density allowed under this
chapter or under the City’s density bonus provisions contained in Chapter
18.15.”

Mayor Holman: I also have lights from Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to propose a friendly amendment, but I
don't think it's going to be accepted as friendly. I'd like to suggest that we
remove the words "with no required minimum density" where it appears in
three places on pages 15 and 16.
                                                                       Page 81 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
