                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Unless you're going to pull it or have support for pulling it,
then that's our process.

Council Member DuBois: I thought we voted on all of them at once.

Mayor Holman: We do, but if you vote no, you do get a chance to speak to
why you voted no after the vote. With that, we'll entertain motions for the
Consent Calendar.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Move the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss seconded motion by Vice Mayor
Schmid to approve the Consent Calendar.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-6.

2.   Adoption of an Ordinance Changing the End of Term Date for
     Commissioners Serving on the Human Relations Commission,
     Library Advisory Commission, Public Art Commission and Utilities
     Advisory Commission from April 30 to May 31 of Various Years
     and Making Minor Non-substantive Language Changes.

3.   Approval of an Amendment to the Office of Emergency Services
     Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information
     (C4I) Critical Emergency Response Contract Number C13149763
     to Add an Additional $25,000 in Funding to the Contract for a Total
     Not to Exceed Amount of $275,000.

4.   Policy & Services Committee and Staff Recommendation That the City
     Council Authorize a Request for Proposals for; a Technical Study of
     Increased Air Traffic Noise, to Designate a Council Member to Act as a
     Liaison to Engage in Regional Mitigation and Advocacy Efforts, Adopt a
     Resolution 9543 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Urging the Federal Aviation Administration to Address Increased
     Aircraft Noise in Palo Alto, and Direct Staff to Engage in Additional
     Outreach, Coordination and Advocacy Activities Regarding Aircraft
     Noise.”

5.   Adoption (with Minor Staff-Initiated Changes Following First
     Reading) of an Ordinance 5340 Entitled, “Ordinance of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Deleting Section 18.42.110 of Chapter 18.42 of
     Title 18 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and Adding a New Section
     18.42.110 Pertaining to the Siting and Permitting of Wireless
     Communications Facilities; Exempt from California Environmental
                                                                        Page 16 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/24/15
