                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Comprehensive Plan Structure and
      Goals/Vision Statements for Each Element and Related Direction to
      Staff and the Citizens Advisory Committee (Part II:      Community
      Services & Facilities and Land Use & Community Design Elements).
Mayor Holman: That takes us to our first Action Item this evening. That is
Item Number 12, Comprehensive Plan Update which is the Comprehensive
Plan structure and goals and vision statements for each element and related
direction to Staff and the Citizens Advisory Committee, or CAC. This is Part
2, Community Services and Facilities and Land Use and Community Design
Elements. That includes Policies L-8 for land use. Does Staff have a
presentation? Looks like we're getting there. Thank you all.

Jeremy Dennis, Advance Planning Manager: Thank you for your patience as
we set up. Good evening, Mayor Holman and Members of the Council. My
name is Jeremy Dennis. I'm the Advance Planning Manager for the City of
Palo Alto. I'm joined by my boss, the Director of Planning and Community
Engagement, Hillary Gitelman. A very quick PowerPoint for you. I can see
it. Tonight is the second of three meetings that we have scheduled with you
to discuss the Comp Plan.          Tonight we're going to be discussing the
Community Services and the Land Use Element, the vision statements and
goals. I'm going to go through this very quickly, through this PowerPoint, as
there's a lot to cover tonight. This is that discussion there. This is just a
very quick timeline on our presentations to you. You can see October 5th;
we're on the second one. We do have November 16th reserved for any
follow-up with the Council if that is needed based on any of the
conversations that we have tonight or the next meeting. Like we mentioned
in our first meeting, it's our intention to take what we hear tonight and fold
it into the ongoing Citizens Advisory Committee process as that body
reviews the existing Comp Plan's policies and programs. Your direction
tonight is obviously critical to that work. You're familiar with this slide. The
process for the Comp Plan Update is shown here. What's important about
this slide is the continual nature of the conversation between the Council,
the community and Staff. Items related to the Comp Plan are reviewed and
refined at multiple times by the community and its representatives, ensuring
transparency and thoroughness.          We believe this is a very thoughtful
process to ensure that goal. Here's just a quick reminder of the structure of
the overall organization of the Comp Plan elements. This is how the Comp
Plan is currently structured. You have a vision statement. You have goals,
and underneath each goal is a set of policies and programs that help
implement that goal. You have material tonight that you've seen before.
It's familiar to you; we used it last time. It's primarily a workbook. We
hope you use it to compare the existing Comp Plan with the work that the
                                                                         Page 31 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
