                          TRANSCRIPT
sources we want to explore, we do have some deadlines to meet as it relates
to our strategy for the County sales tax. It's one year to the election on that
right now. I mean, I still think that ought to be sort of the first priority of
what we're doing, and then these other directions come in if our estimates
are wrong or whatever it is. I don't think we should right yet assume that
the sales tax can't generate some meaningful money for us, at least based
on if we can leverage other money.

Mayor Holman: I'll come back to you. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I'll just follow on with a few quick comments first on
the potential leveraging dollars. One is something we discussed when Carl
Guardino was here. Briefly we discussed I should say. We shouldn't just
look at what is the necessary or fair share of this tax measure to the North
County and Palo Alto. It's really what's the fair share out of the last several
tax measures. They were overwhelmingly for BART to San Jose. BART and
Caltrain are really the big transit backbones of the Santa Clara County. I
would argue that Caltrain is significantly more important than BART. That
certainly has not been how the tax dollars have been allocated. There's
really a need for a readjustment, that this measure should be predominantly
toward Caltrain and enough money to complete the BART measure. They're
talking about $1 1/2 billion for just the BART measure. VTA is talking about
some fraction of that for Caltrain after Caltrain got nothing out of the
previous two measures. I think we haven't framed it quite correctly. I think
that's how we should do it. As Vice Mayor Schmid has alluded to, the dollars
that are spent here on transit predominantly serve the workers from
throughout the county who work here and have to commute to get here.
It's not principally local residents who will utilize those benefits. It's the
workers who will use that system and free the other roadways between San
Jose and here and elsewhere. If we don't have more use of Caltrain, we'll
have even worse and worse gridlock on our freeways. I look forward to the
Mayor sharing if there's been any response by the nine North County cities
to the poor response that the VTA gave to their unified letter. I'd also like to
just comment on my own thoughts about where we're headed on some of
these other leveraged funds. We've always had major transit projects be a
combination of funding sources. Not always all the buckets, but from
Federal and State and regional and local. Some combination has been
what's been necessary. There's hardly a project that's ever all one of those
buckets, and very few that get to dive into all of them, but a good number.
The big one that I see on the horizon of new money is the cap and trade. In
part, it's going to be a lot of dollars either way, and growing dollars every
year is the anticipation. We also have the question of whether High Speed
Rail will hold onto those dollars. They're being challenged on two different
levels legally. One, whether spending it on a system that will have no
                                                                          Page 46 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
