                         TRANSCRIPT
proposal to provide less than the minimum number of years for CPI only is
unprecedented. All of the examples within your current Code are extensions
to the 15-year amortization period. Third, the City's experts admit that the
2026 date isn't valid if there's been additional improvements to the plating
shop. There have in fact been additional improvements. Fourth, the City's
experts acknowledge that CPI's plate shop is integral to its whole operation.
If the whole operation were to be amortized, the date would extend to 2052.
Here, it's not realistic to assume that it's feasible to move the plate shop
onsite. Even if CPI were able to, there's no assurance the City wouldn't then
move the goal post again. At minimum, CPI's plate shop should remain and
allowed to stay through the end of its lease in 2052. The current proposed
ordinance would significantly damage CPI. There's no actual corresponding
benefit. On behalf of CPI, I urge you to follow the law and reject the
proposal. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Mike Mielke to be followed by Art Liberman. I
apologize if I mispronounced your last name.

Mike Mielke, Silicon Valley Leadership Group: Well, yes. Good evening, I'm
Mike Mielke, senior vice president with the Silicon Valley Leadership Group.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you tonight. The Leadership
Group, as you may know, was founded in 1978 by David Packard of Hewlett-
Packard, and we represent more than 390 of Silicon Valley's most respected
employers on a number of issues, programs and campaigns that affect the
economic health and quality of life here in Silicon Valley. Our members
collectively provide one out of every three jobs in the region. I am here
tonight on behalf of CPI which is a member in good standing with the
Leadership Group. Silicon Valley Leadership Group strongly supports making
sure the region has a healthy and vibrant environment. We are also focused
on ensuring the region has and keeps good, local, high-paying jobs. CPI has
been a member of the community of Palo Alto, as we've heard tonight, for
over 60 years. Having toured the facility, we understand the company,
which has spent about $15 million upgrading its facility, has successfully
reduced its chemical footprint and put industry-leading safety procedures in
place which have been verified by independent third parties. It is our hope
at the Leadership Group that the Council will carefully consider any
ordinance which could set a precedent of unduly punishing corporate citizens
that provide good jobs and which go above and beyond in responding to
community concerns. Again, thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Art Liberman to be followed by Lynnie Melena.

Arthur Liberman: Thank you. Good evening, Council Members. The Staff
Report may seem on first reading very technical. It refers to toxic, highly

                                                                          Page 55 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
