                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman:     With that, we go to Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions. I know of none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: With that, then we will go to City Manager Comments. Jim,
you're just in time.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members.
More than 150 students, families and adults of all ages have already signed
up to participate this Saturday, October 24th, as part of the National Make a
Difference Day. The event will start at King Plaza outside City Hall at 8:30
a.m. Volunteer participants will be deployed to more than 15 different
locations across the mid-Peninsula to work on meaningful service projects.
This promises to be a great day.            We encourage our community to
participate as much as possible. This is the 24th year since National Make a
Different Day was initiated. It's now the largest single national day of
service with millions of participants across the country. Our Mayor, Karen
Holman, and East Palo Alto Mayor Lisa Gauthier and student leaders will
commission the volunteers before they take off to do their intergenerational
service projects from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. They'll return to King Plaza
at 1:00 p.m. for food prepared by the YMCA and others. Our projects will
include planting trees with Canopy in Bol Park with Perry caring for the new
Cooley Landing/Shoreline Park in East Palo Alto with Acterra, taking flowers
to seniors at Lytton Gardens, bagging up toiletries at Project We Hope and
sorting food at the ecumenical hunger program in East Palo Alto, painting a
fence at Belhaven School in Menlo Park and several projects at the Palo Alto
Junior Museum and the Baylands duck pond. Any of our folks who would
like to participate can show up at 8:30 this Saturday morning and register or
register in advance at the website www.youthcommunityservice.org. CPI-
related issues particularly of interest to folks in Barron Park. This Thursday,
October 22nd, our City Staff will be hosting a neighborhood meeting in
Barron Park to discuss the development of a draft ordinance that we expect
to present to the City Council for your consideration at your November 16th
meeting. The meeting is scheduled to start at 6:00 p.m. in the Barron Park
Elementary School multipurpose room. It will include a brief recap of past
actions, direction regarding hazardous materials, uses as it relates to CPI,
the business and plating shop at that location, and other businesses in the
City and will summarize the elements of the ordinance that will be presented
to the Council. California Avenue Trick or Treat Blossom Festival, we want
to invite our community to start off Halloween celebrations on California
Avenue with one of our most popular Halloween events for the whole family,

                                                                       Page 43 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
