                         TRANSCRIPT
they came incrementally over time. I was on the Palo Alto City Council for
five years, and I invested myself in three particular projects: Lytton IV
which had at least two if not three near-death experiences on its way to
eventual development; Alma Place which should be a case study for the
Kennedy School of Government one day because that was a project that no
one envisioned at that site and it took quite a bit of time and attention to
bring the parties together and find out that they had a common solution if
only they'd all embrace it; and the housing development on Page Mill that
serves adults and young adults with developmental disabilities which I
worked with a group of parents on. I played a smaller role in that one
candidly than in the other two. You look and you think those are hundreds
of units that now, for the last 15, 20 years and for decades to come will be
there. That's one five-year snapshot. I would just say the small victories
may seem small in the moment and you may reasonably say, "Really? I
have to work that hard to get that result?" Stacked one on top of another, I
think they are more meaningful than perhaps we realized in the moment. In
terms of the policy responsibility, our County is a little bit different than
other counties. In other counties, significant development takes place in the
unincorporated county. As you know, in this county significant development
is limited to, with the obvious exception of Stanford University, the
incorporated communities. Our County has a much lesser role to play which
is why, going back to Council Member Wolbach's comment, our role has
been more focused on the homeless population and housing issues related to
the homeless population broadly defined. At the State level, I wish I had
more to offer in the way of solutions. What we've got in place is—the 20-
year-old phrase "fiscalization of land use" is no less accurate today than it
was 20 years ago. We've got a system in place that encourages Palo Alto to
take jobs but not housing units. Understandably individual cities act in their
perceived self-interest. We can't be surprised. I remember in the '90s,
again when I was on the Council back in the day, Silicon Valley the region
created six jobs for every unit of housing it created. We were surprised that
there was a housing shortage or that there was a high cost attached to the
housing that was available. Absent some meaningful changes in State
policy, which are very hard to come by, I'm not as optimistic as I wish I
could be looking forward.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Joe, thanks for everything you do. I also wanted
to say just thanks for making yourself so accessible. Really appreciate it.

Supervisor Simitian: Thank you.



                                                                       Page 20 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
