                          TRANSCRIPT
We've taken those concerns, and we've developed some best management
practices. Some of them from other jurisdictions that have worked well.
Here's some of them, the best management practices. The important thing I
want to mention here is we're not really introducing anything new here. The
business owner will take a bag of food scraps and put it in the garbage cart
now, if they're not currently using a voluntary compost service. All we're
asking them to do is take that bag of food, food-soiled paper, food scraps
and put it in the green container. That's all we're doing. The food was
always there. We think if you keep the lids closed and do some basic things,
there would not be a rat problem. Enforcement, kind of broken down into
two groups, two main groups.          The first three incidents of flagrant
contamination or gross contamination—no pun intended on that—is outreach
and education. Then eventually, if there continues to be major problems, it
could get into financial impacts. The timeline is on this slide, and basically
we're looking to touch every single customer before we implement this in
phases. The first phase will start in April 2016, and that will be the largest
customers, all the food establishments and multifamily. The next group, the
mid-sized customers, would begin in January, and then everybody else
would be January the following year. That is the final slide. We think that
this ordinance will be an important tool to help us reach our zero waste and
greenhouse gas goals. We think that we've hit on the right balance between
education and enforcement to make this effective. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Members, questions and comments.
Why don't we do—let's think about three minutes to start with. We have
now one member of the public who would like to speak to this, Stephanie
Munoz. You will have three minutes.

Public Hearing opened at 7:17 P.M.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. There are a couple of
things about this ordinance that I'd like you to consider. Sorry. One is the
phrasing that says we believe the reason that the people are not doing this
is because they don't have to, because they're not made to, because there
isn't any law that says. That translates, to me, about every facet of human
existence. If you could put it they don't do it but, if they were made to do it,
if they were fined, if they were punished for not doing it, then they would do
it. I just don't like that. Going on to what I came to say was I have some
sympathy for businesses. We used to have a small business ourselves years
ago. I find that they're being asked to do really more than their share. I
remember the garages that the businesses around town here were
encouraged to get together to make garages. Only after the garages were
made did they find out that part of the garages were to go for City
employees also, not just for the stores' customers. There's the minimum
                                                                         Page 19 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
