                            MINUTES
Placing more items on the Consent Calendar would make the most impact,
but it would not have much support. He would not support referring a
reduction of the number of Council meetings to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Council Member Filseth agreed that two meetings per month was not
realistic. He wanted to retain Staff presentations for substantive action
business as opposed to Study Sessions. Staff had been reasonably quick
and concise with their presentations.

Mayor Holman agreed with Council Member Burt's comments regarding two
meetings per month and with Council Member Filseth regarding Staff
presentations. Other ideas could advance the agenda more rapidly, but they
were not on the Agenda. For the Council to make progress on managing
meetings and time, Council Members had to manage their comments.

Council Member Wolbach was not proposing to reduce the number of
meetings by half. He was proposing changing how they were scheduled and
agendized. The Council likely would have three or four meetings per month;
however, there would be more clarity regarding items on the Agenda for the
second and fourth weeks.

Mayor Holman reiterated that the Council was not taking final action on any
of the topics under discussion. She requested Council Members indicate
their support for Council Member Wolbach's Recommendation 13-1 being
referred to the Committee of the Whole.

Council Member DuBois did not believe the Council was discussing
specifically Recommendation 13. He interpreted the comments as pulling
out elements.    He was not sure what the Council was attempting to
accomplish by discussing only Recommendation 13.

Mayor Holman was attempting to get through as many topics as possible.

Council Member Kniss suggested a hold on some topics for three months.

Mayor Holman advised that the Council could bring up some topics later.

Council Member Burt explained that referring items to the Committee of the
Whole was an action. He recommended the Council not take any action but
discuss topics in the remaining time.

Council Member Kniss noted Council Members frequently continued speaking
unless someone turned off their microphones. Council Members had to
discipline themselves to limit their comments.

                                                                      Page 26 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
