                          TRANSCRIPT
This would be looping back to ARB to address this and presumably HRB. I
wouldn't say the outcome for the Applicant is going to be radically different
other than the amount of time.

Council Member Filseth: Lightning round. I'm not terribly persnickety about
the amount of time. These folks have put a lot of time and effort into it. It's
not important to me to say you can't come back for exe many months. The
magnitude of what needs to be done is significant enough that it shouldn't
come straight back to council. It needs to go back to the ARB.

Council member Burt: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that last part?

Council Member Filseth: I said the magnitude of what needs to be done
here is big enough that it probably needs to go to the ARB and the Historic
Resources Board, not come straight back to Council.

Council Member Scharff: There's a couple of things for me I think are
important. First of all, this is a great green building. That's really important
to me. The retail is significantly better than what it otherwise would be. I
like the fact that it activates Kipling and has an opening on Kipling Street.
Those two things are really good. It's also a mixed-use project. We as a
Council have a policy that we want to support mixed use but, whenever it
come before us, we vote it down in the Downtown area. This isn't two
stories of office. This is one story of office, one story of retail and one story
of housing. I don't have a problem with the compatibility. I think it's
impossible to make the compatibility argument with the Lululemon building
which is 50 feet tall right across the street. How could it not be compatible?
It's right there. I think that's a weak argument; I don't see it.

Council Member Burt: Are you arguing on a Motion that doesn't exist or a
lightning round as to what we ..

Council Member Scharff: No, no. I'm giving my lightning round reasons of
where I am on this which is what you asked for, Pat.

Council Member Burt: That's not what I'm getting.

Council Member Scharff: It's not what you want, but it's what you're asking
for. I do have some concerns. I have concerns with the circulation; there's
a problem there. I have some concerns with the shadowing. I would like to
see maybe a circulation study and maybe a shadowing study. Maybe, but
those are where I'm mostly concerned with this in terms of a project.

Council Member DuBois: Last time when it was here we heard that this
project follows the rules. After listening to all the speakers and hearing the
                                                                         Page 72 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
