                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I had a question or two, but I also am willing to make
a Motion on the AEDs. If I do that, does that mean I can't ask a question?

Mayor Holman: We have been through a round, and I haven't heard any
other new issues raised. I have one new issue to raise. Would you allow me
to raise the two budget questions about dollars, and then get those on the
floor?

Council Member Burt: First, a quick comment. There was a discussion
about consultants. We need to make a distinction between consultants
which are hired for special expertise and contract employees. Those get
conflated often in the press. I was hearing us tonight speak as if they're one
and the same. They have different definitions, and it's important for us to
distinguish them. Otherwise, the public thinks we're hiring all these people
as consultants. Many or most are actually contract employees for given
periods. That's one of the comments. I do want to follow-up on Council
Member DuBois' concern over whether we have adequate encroachment fees
for construction projects that partly or wholly shut off streets. It's become a
big pattern, in the Downtown areas in particular. I don't think we can come
up with tonight what those ought to be. What I would like to do is move
that we refer to the Finance Committee consideration of stronger
encroachment fees for construction projects that shut off portions or all of
City streets and sidewalks.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to refer
to the Finance Committee consideration of stronger encroachment fees for
construction projects that impact portions or all of a city street or sidewalk.

Mayor Holman: I would second that.        I was waiting for Council Member
DuBois to, but I'll second it.

Council Member Burt: It's an impact on the community that doesn't seem to
be captured in the fees.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “or all of City streets and
sidewalks” with “or all of a city street or sidewalk.”

Mayor Holman: I would agree, speaking to the second. That's why I
support it. I wonder if it's any clearer to say "or all of a City street or
sidewalk." It's maybe just a nit.

Council Member Kniss: One comment to this. I don't think it's only for
those that shut off portions; it's that affect portions. There are streets near

                                                                         Page 63 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
