                          TRANSCRIPT
direction to exclude—to focus the annual office limit on the three areas that
we have focused on here.

Council Member Burt: Right. It was contingent on this action by the
Research Park. My concern is I don't want to wait two years to find out
whether they've done it or not. I don't think it should take that long. It's
not before us tonight as an action, but it does influence this final decision do
they get included or not. What would be a proper way for us to tonight—can
we ask for an update within a certain period of time on the status of this
TDM program so that we can, if we found that it was not adequate, we might
reconsider their inclusion at a future date.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. We'd be happy to come
back with a status report after we have some discussions with the Stanford
representatives on this topic. We're trying to schedule something in the
future while the Transportation Element is being discussed by the CAC. We
should be able to give you a status report at one of the upcoming meetings
about the Comp Plan.

Council Member Burt: I think that frankly Stanford's potential inclusion in
this is the best motivator for them to cooperate with us and come up with a
really great plan which they've said they wanted to do. Stanford kind of has
a history of not wanting the City to butt into their business. I think that this
is an occasion where this process will drive collaboration on what may be a
really productive plan, but I think we need to have a pretty explicit timeline
on this happening and not just allow it to be perhaps achieved in the course
of the Comp Plan process.

Mayor Holman:       In an effort to—we have five lights all speaking to
boundaries.

Council Member Burt:      Maybe I'll wait until we wrap on the motion and
include ...

Mayor Holman: I was going to suggest that—just to try to help move us
along, if you don't have a motion, I'm going to make a motion to try to ...

Council Member Burt: Go right ahead.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to move that we—I'll get to the next three of you.
Apologies for this, but I want to help move us along. I'm going to move the
recommendation of boundaries as identified in the Staff Report with the
proviso that Staff come back within six months with a report on Stanford
Research Park reduction of single occupancy vehicle trips.

                                                                         Page 84 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
