                         TRANSCRIPT
talking about what's happening with this climate change, yeah, we could
have more water. Stanford has a grant with National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA) to spray those chem trails, which is geo-engineering
the weather. If you look up on YouTube, they have a video called Geo-
Engineering Lawsuit, and everybody should be looking this up to see what
we can do to stop this drought. If they stop geo-engineering the weather,
then we would have more water. Secondly, there's more legislation that
needs to be passed. In naturalnews.com on April 18th United States (US)
government allows powerful corporations to sell California's water with no
permits and no reporting during the drought. We could save water right
there, if we go after this and make sure that our government doesn't do
this. Nestle is being sued right now, because their permits have not been
renewed. Their privatizing of the water and bottled water, they're selling it
out. While we're sitting here turning our water to toilet to tap, we have
these corporations that are selling bottled water elsewhere and not to us.
That's one way we can get rid of it, if everybody got involved in this.
Secondly, the fact is you're talking about dust. You can put tarps down
when you do construction and roll it up like carpet. That'll keep some of it
down, where you don't need to use water. Paul Gardner from East Palo Alto
used to have a company that did this stuff when they took...

Mayor Holman: Deconstruction is the word I think you're looking for.

Ms. Grcich: The demolition, that's what he would do. He's now moved to
San Mateo. If you hire him, then the East Palo Alto people would get the
jobs, because they work for him. Another thing too is that you're talking
about cars. What's going to happen when all these cars that have batteries
get in wrecks? Where's the dump for all the battery acid that's going to be
coming out of this? Here you're talking about carbon credits and all this
stuff, where's going to be the waste dump for that? I can't imagine if a
Tesla car gets in an accident and it can't be repaired that we're going to
create more of a problem. Most of all, when you're turning toilet to tap and
you're doing this thing with taking your sewage sludge and turning it into
mulch, you've got copper in it. When you recycle the toilet water, you're
going to have copper in your recycled toilet water. I'm going to put this on
public record. You can all check it out. Copper causes gastrointestinal
distress. It causes Alzheimer's. It causes Parkinson's. The fact is it causes
kidney damage. When you're turning to toilet water even though you think
it's cheaper, Dr. Wynn Parker's been on the radio for the last eight years
talking about recycled toilet water. He did Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA)
research at Stanford and he wrote Chloramine Causes Collateral Health
Damage. You might think this is a cheap outlook to recycled toilet water,
but you can't get all the stuff out. When you use these toxic poisons, this is
the Swan report done on chlorine, how it sterilizes people and causes

04/20/2015                                                             117- 310
