                             MINUTES
did not meet zoning goals and intensified the impacts to neighbors. The
City's failure to follow Code and post the second design denied neighbors the
right to comment and significantly damaged the appeal. Corina Way was
comprised largely of single-story, 1,200-1,800 square foot homes containing
three bedrooms, two baths, and a shared living, dining, kitchen and family
room space with extensive use of outdoor areas. Some homes had been
remodeled with ground-floor extensions or second-story additions, which
respected the context and style of the neighborhood. In the context of the
neighborhood, the proposed home was equivalent to two traditional homes.
The proposed home contained five bedrooms, four baths, and separate
living, dining, family and kitchen rooms. The proposed house was sited to
be an object building, rather than a part of the broad horizontal landscape.
The wide second-floor volume defined the scale, which was not mitigated by
the tacked on one-story mass.          Features not in compliance with IR
Guidelines included inappropriate height and mass, ridge lines extending
above neighbors' ridge lines, tall wall planes, and monumentally scaled
forms. The broad upper floor was almost twice the height of neighboring
rooflines and called attention to height compatibility. Reducing visual mass
was key to reducing the impact to neighbors. Every view from her home
would be dominated by the proposed home. The rear of the house would be
located on 8-foot setbacks, while other homes had a minimum 20-foot rear
setback. The proposed house placement and size supported repositioning
the house on the lot to lessen impacts to neighbors. The first design was
posted in July 2013 and generated significant neighborhood opposition. The
second design was never posted on the property. A Planning Department
email to eight nearby neighbors did not constitute adequate notice to the
neighborhood. She asked the Council to include residents in the review of IR
Guidelines.

Frank Ingle supported the Appellant. IR goals were routinely ignored.
Applications did not appear to be examined for compliance unless neighbors
protested. He requested the Council instruct the Planning Department
regarding interpretation of Guidelines and appoint an ombudsman to
adjudicate disagreements about Guideline interpretations.

Cheryl Lilienstein supported the Appellant. The Council should appoint
someone to represent residents in the Planning Department. The proposed
design was not compatible with the neighborhood. The Applicant should
reposition the home.

Ken Allen, President of the Adobe Meadow Neighborhood Association,
advised that the Association took no stand on the issue. He requested the
Council provide guidance for future modifications to the neighborhood. The
lot begged for a variance in order to make the proposed home more

02/17/2015                                                              117- 9
