                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene reported the City would continue its work on fiber whether or not
it was a Priority. The question was whether something was missing that
needed a boost from the Council.

Council Member Burt wanted assurance that Priorities would be completed.
Staff had reassured the Council that major milestones were well defined, had
initial policy guidance, and would return timely to the Council with a
concrete set of decision points for implementation. Previous Priorities that
were discussed as Core Values were environmental sustainability, long-term
financial planning or sustainability, and youth well being. He requested
Council feedback regarding a discussion of Core Values occurring at the
Council or being referred to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mr. Keene advised that if Fiber to the Premises was not made a Council
Priority for 2015, nothing precluded the Council from taking a public action
expressly stating Council policy and expectations for the year. The Council
could lead on this outside of a Priority being set specifically.

Mayor Holman requested comment regarding revising and completing the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member DuBois offered substitute language to complete the
Comprehensive Plan Update with increased focus from Council.            The
Council's role was to set policy that was embodied in the Comprehensive
Plan. The Council should receive updates more often than currently planned.

Council Member Filseth concurred. The first Priority was in danger of
becoming a super Priority because of the many issues it covered. The need
for Council to take an active role in the Comprehensive Plan process
warranted a separate Priority for the Comprehensive Plan.

Vice Mayor Schmid stated that the Comprehensive Plan could not be
completed without inputs from the first Priority. Having a separate Priority
for the Comprehensive Plan would duplicate efforts. The built environment
and the Comprehensive Plan were so intertwined that it was difficult to
separate the two.

Council Member DuBois noted the Comprehensive Plan contained more
elements than just land use and transportation.

Vice Mayor Schmid recalled parks were mentioned as part of livability.

Council Member Burt was convinced that the first and fifth Priorities were
distinct enough to warrant being separate.


                                                                       Page 16 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/31/2015
