                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Ross: I would like to add one more. There's operational benefits to the
three-story option in how the program areas are stacked. We don't really
want to go into detail on that for security concerns about where every space
is located. We received a lot of great intellect and input on this from the
Police Department, Chief Burns and Lieutenant Lum and Ken from OES.
There's a lot of synergies between how the program is stacked in the three-
story version as compared to the two-story.

Council Member Kniss: That's helpful to know. Thanks very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just so I understood correctly. Let me ask an
initial question. For the parking lot, all you guys are looking for is us saying,
"Yes, we think this is a good site for a parking lot." Correct? Do you need
us to determine whether or not it's two stories or three stories or below
ground or above ground? What do you need from us? It seems like from
your recommendation you just need high-level approval from us.

Mr. Eggleston: What we're asking for tonight is just to proceed with design
and environmental review on the site. In fact, the recommendation also
includes looking at potential impacts and costs for providing more than the
460 spaces that was evaluated during this site evaluation (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: You do not need from us specifically how many
stories or anything like that. You just need—perfect. When it gets to that, I
will happily give you guys that approval. I hope we keep our comments—
since we're trying to get through this quick, let's focus on what's really at
issue. It seems like it's the Public Safety Building. I'm a huge proponent of
the three-story Public Safety Building for numerous reasons. I want to make
sure there wasn't confusion. It seemed like Staff might have said a minute
ago by accident that the two-story option was $5 million cheaper. That's not
correct. It's $5 million more expensive. Two stories more expensive.
Three-story, our public safety officials have said, is more beneficial without
getting into the details for safety reasons for our purposes. I trust you guys.
When this Public Safety Building was built, how many? Forty-five years ago,
50 years ago? Let me ask a question first. The three-story one has room
for growth. Correct? Above and beyond our current needs.

Mr. Ross: Onsite expansion, yes.

Council Member Berman: Does the two-story one have that option?

Mr. Ross: It would be very difficult because we'd be building on top of the
existing building.
                                                                         Page 91 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
