                              MINUTES
Mayor Holman advised Council Member Burt, as Chair of the Policy and
Services Committee, to raise the question at a Policy and Services
Committee meeting.

Council Member Burt explained that the Council would conduct its annual
review of policies and procedures; however, he wished to obtain a sense of
whether colleagues wanted the Policy and Services Committee to review
that.

Mayor Holman stated clarification was good.

Council Member Burt recalled that the issue of Priorities being a few succinct
words or one- or two-sentence narratives was mentioned when the Council
set its Priorities.

Mayor Holman asked if she had not captured an item under Priorities.

Council Member Burt clarified that it was a follow-up question from the
Council's Priority setting. Colleagues may not want to refer it. At the
Retreat, the Council discussed attempting to capture the meaning of
Priorities in a few words. A sentence or two could clarify the Council's
intent.

Mayor Holman suggested the Council vote on the Motion and return to
Council Member Burt's thoughts.

Council Member Kniss commented that the number of items referred to the
Policy and Services Committee would be an enormous amount of work. She
asked Council Member Burt if he believed the Policy and Services Committee
could accomplish those tasks by June while meeting only twice a month.

Council Member Burt anticipated the Policy and Services Committee meeting
twice in some months. He did not assume that all items would be detailed
by June, but hopefully many of them would.

Mayor Holman agreed the Council was giving the Policy and Services
Committee a great deal of work. For that reason, she added the caveat to
the Motion that the Policy and Services Committee could identify and refer
controversial issues to the Council or the Committee of the Whole without
fully vetting those issues.

Mr. Keene understood the Motion gave the Policy and Services Committee
discretion to determine which issues it could focus on, which could be placed
in a parking lot, and which could be referred back to the Council.

Mayor Holman reported the list was not as extensive as it appeared because
it contained duplicate items.

02/17/2015                                                             116- 497
