                          TRANSCRIPT
sewage treatment plant, but life's tough. They can use the water from one
of our pumping sites. There are two now in Palo Alto as of today that are
pumping groundwater and can be reused. They can send a truck over there
if it's more convenient than our sewage treatment plant. The third thing I
wanted to say in response to one of your points was the tree angle. We're
tuned into that. What Community Services Department (CSD) is trying to
do in their park-by-park analysis is look at two ways of looking at turf. One
is what does it take to keep the turf alive and do we want to keep that
particular piece of turf alive. Secondly, what does it take to keep the trees
growing? Probably it takes a lot less to keep the trees growing. Probably
two waterings a month can keep the trees growing. I just wanted to point
out that where the trees are in the middle of the lawn, we're not ignoring
that. In fact you'll see it in our analysis.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. I hope there'll be some different news
to report the next time.

Sven Thesen: Good evening Council Members. Sven Thesen, Palo Alto
resident, chemical engineer, owner of project green home, net zero energy,
part-time consultant to the City on electric vehicles, climate activist and loud
mouth. First, the bad news, the trends. The trends are as true as your cell
phone mostly works. That's the bad news. Climate change, the battle we're
losing. Every year our carbon emissions as a society go up. As such, I'd like
to show one graph that I've put up as a presentation. This is California
emissions cumulatively for 2012. As an engineer what I like to work on is
the 80 percent solution. What is the biggest problem? Once that slide goes
up, you'll see it's actually transportation. Worse, it's our light-duty vehicles.
Unfortunately it's really hard to see, but it's 120 megatons per year of light-
duty vehicles. It's all about what Greg and Pat talked about. How do we get
out of our light-duty vehicles? Two great things are happening as Greg and
Pat alluded to, which is changes in our transportation, both technology and
stereotypes. I'm 50; I had a car when I was 16. I had my driver's license
when I was 15. I bet you guys did too. My nephew, who's 21, still doesn't
have his driver's license.       This is noted by all the major automobile
manufacturers, that they are losing the number of people who are buying
cars. We have Uber; we have Lyft; we will have self-driving cars. The
problem is we will have them in five or ten years. Right now we need to
slow down that bus that we're all riding on into that cliff, so we can do as
much as possible to solve that 80-percentile problem. Residential, I feel
really good about having this net zero energy ultra-low carbon household,
but it doesn't really matter compared to how much that dark green is over
there. Only a very small component of that is heavy-duty trucks. A
miniscule component is airplane rides. That's important. We have a
potential solution by converting our transportation. The sooner we do it the

04/20/2015                                                               117- 308
