                          TRANSCRIPT
Just to refresh everybody's memory. Back in 2011 and 2012, there were
two amortization studies performed looking at operations at CPI. The first
was done by a consultant working for the City. It looked at the plating shop
use specifically and the chemical storage area that supports that use. It
concluded that that use could be amortized over a 15-year period, and it
was 15 years from 2011 which is how we got the year 2026 that's in the
second of the two ordinances.          The second amortization study was
completed in 2012, was completed for CPI. It essentially argued that the
plating shop couldn't be separated from the rest of the uses on the site. At
Rod's direction, the folks at AECOM have reviewed these two studies and
found them to be generally sound. There's a memo attached to your Staff
Report that contains the full summary of their findings. Essentially, they
thought these two studies were good for that they were intended to do.
They made a couple of notes about how the findings of the studies might be
qualified. The first was that the conclusion of the 2011 study by the City's
consultant might need to be updated if there have been additional
investments that have been made in the plating shop between now and
then. We know there haven't been any building permits issued in that
period, but there might have been other investments that we don't know
about that could affect the timeframe and the value. The other points that
were raised about the 2012 study included an observation that if
technologies changed, this conclusion that you can't separate one use from
the others might also change, and also that updated information about the
value of the investments in the rest of the facility could affect the year that's
identified for amortization or the overall schedule. The approach that we've
taken in the ordinances before you is really to take both of these
amortization studies at face value. That means that the ordinances would
require the plating shop to relocate on the existing site 300 feet from
sensitive receptors by the end of 2026. The 2026 date comes from the first
amortization study; the fact that it would be still proximate on the site to
other uses is consistent with the second amortization study. Similarly,
based on that second amortization study, the other uses at CPI would be
required to relocate or terminate by the 2052 date that we got from the
second study. I know that's a lot of material. What we're hoping for this
evening is to hear from public comments, then City Council questions and
comments and direction to Staff. We recognize that we need to complete a
few revisions to the ordinance specifically to address the extremely
hazardous substance portion of the definition, as Rod alluded to. We'd also
like to complete our outreach to the potentially effected facilities including
the Target Discovery facility. Our hope is that with your direction and these
few steps we could bring an ordinance to the Planning Commission for their
recommendation and back to the City Council for adoption early in the new
year. With that, we're happy to get public testimony and then Council
questions.
                                                                              Page 47 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
