                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: My question to the Vice Mayor, was this intentional
change in policy away from local generation, hitting that 4 percent goal?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes, I guess the 4 percent was overridden by the fact
that the RPP market in California had changed so dramatically that the
subsidy gap had widened substantially.

Council Member DuBois: I understand that. It sounds like whether it was
local or non-local wasn't as important. It was the financial.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's right.

Council Member DuBois: My last question back to Utilities. How much of
the 3 megawatt cap would the parking lot project and the church project use
up?

Ms. Ratchye: I'm not sure about the church project. The parking lot project
would take about half of it, about 1.5 megawatts.

Council Member DuBois: Does anybody from the church know how much it
would take?

Mr. Thiesen: 129 kilowatts, so not much at all.

Council Member DuBois: Like 1.6 together, it sounds like.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, could you repeat what Mr. Svenson
said, so that it's in the record?

Council Member DuBois: He said 129 kilowatt and then 1.5 megawatt for
the parking lot. The projects in the pipeline would use 1.6 megawatts out of
the 3 cap.

Council Member Burt: First I'd like to say that I support the Finance
Committee recommendation to include a 25-year option and to include other
renewables in this program. Second, I'd like to put into context some
misconceptions that seem to be permeating this discussion. We have been
subsidizing renewables for what, 15 years, Jane? That we've had renewable
programs. Is that about the timeframe, maybe longer?

Ms. Ratchye: We began a rebate program for PV projects ...

Council Member Burt: Just renewable programs period. When did we have
our first renewable contract?

Ms. Ratchye: Are you talking about to meet our RPS goals?
                                                                       Page 30 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/27/15
