                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. If you're referring to the
monitored areas covered by Policy L-8, you're correct. We've only gotten
about halfway to the 3.2 million square foot cap under that policy.

Council Member Kniss: Someone earlier tonight mentioned that we had—as
you said, that doesn't include the pipeline. I think there is a misconception
about where that has happened and how it has happened. I think that's
important. Where we will end up as far as whether we include the whole
community in a certain amount of development, that yet remains to be seen.
We are currently in an interim 50,000 square feet a year. That's going to be
discussed more in the CAC. Another area that I think—I think Council
Member Burt approached this as well. We have done a good deal of housing
that was based on the previous Comprehensive Plan between 2000 and
2012. The growth in that period of time looks to me like it ran roughly
between 55,000 and now, I think, we're at about 65,000 to 66,000. Am I
correct? I know I'm correct, so don't even bother.

Mr. Dennis: Approximately, yes.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, I looked it up. That says that somehow in that
period of time, we were able to add—Pat has referred to this—enough
housing for another 10,000 people somewhere in this City. The schools
accommodated those people. In fact, right now a School Board Member told
me recently they're getting concerned because the enrollment numbers at
the elementary school level are going down. That always does cycle. I think
sometimes we've been too concerned about watching what's going to
happen to the schools because, in my observation or have for the most part,
families do appear to be having fewer children. I know when we lived here,
it was far more common for people to have three or four kids than they do
now. I would say Marc Berman's a good example; there are three kids in his
family. That was not unusual. That is correct, Marc, there still are three
kids, right?

Council Member Berman: Yes, ma'am.

Council Member Kniss: As I look back at the old Comp Plan, what would
have been so different about that than what we're currently contemplating
that allowed that growth? Thinking of that just as a rhetorical question, but
then going on to what is going on today and the kind of housing that we're
looking at, let me just make a couple of last comments. I am really
concerned that the younger group that Marc has just spoken about is the
group that brings the vitality, the fun, the excitement. They're the group
that we see Downtown, but it's also an older group in Greg's and my
generation as well. That group in particular likes to live Downtown as well.

                                                                      Page 57 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
