                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Antonucci: There a lot of aspects of this project that are not well defined
at this stage. You want all these pieces here. When we're working on a
competition design, we're working very, very quickly. We basically just had
to throw a number at all these other aspects of the project. We focused a
lot harder on the bridge and assessing the cost of that bridge, understanding
that the bridge was a really fixed element for what the project would be. In
terms of all these other pieces, art element, new trees, landscaping,
streetscape, etc., there's a lot of variability here. Yes, our cost estimates
have ranged between 1.5 and 2.5 depending on how conservative you want
to be about what we're going to get into as you're working through the
process with the community, with the Council and so forth in terms of what
people want. Yeah, we tried to be conservative. In terms of our fee, we're
using ACTC guide as a checkpoint for—we work up a detailed fee proposal
with hours, but we also check it against Alameda County Transportation
Commission cost guide for construction costs and also for fees. They
recommend for a project that is crossing the Caltrans right-of-way that, on
an estimating basis, the engineering and design fees would be around 17
percent. Yes, we estimate that—that's for a standard structure. We
estimate that it will take more than that standard structure to design a
special structure as you requested. If you want to back off from that and
put a center support in and not suspend the main span, that backs off costs
(crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: I think you've answered the question. If I can just
have another minute. I think where I come out in looking at this is—what
I've heard Staff say is by resetting the process we're not losing that much
time and we'd get our best price from Moffatt & Nichol if they wanted to
compete in this and everyone else would put forth their best price. We'd
have a number of which everyone needs to get to, and that would be the
best approach for that. I think I've pretty much bought into that concept
that we need to reset it and move forward on that basis. I've got to say—I
asked for the pictures. I appreciate you providing them. I think that's
helpful. I would not be willing to support a Permanente-type bridge. I think
that's really ugly. I couldn't support that. I actually like the Ralston Avenue
Bridge. I obviously like the Iron Horse Bridge. I think it's somewhere
between those two depending on where we are frankly. What I'm a little
concerned of is what I saw Staff put in here. A little bit on the suggested
motion was 11.4 million including a million from Google, and then pursue
additional funding, public and private funding. Whenever I see that, I'm
always really skeptical of where that comes from. I guess the question is
should we as a Council say to ourselves we should set a budget, and that
budget could be 11 million. I'm not so sure we'd even get the Ralston
Avenue Bridge; we might get the Permanente Bridge. Are we going to set a
budget of 13 million or 13 1/2? I think we have to have that discussion. To
                                                                      Page 117 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
