                          TRANSCRIPT
way to let those applications move forward while we look longer term at the
policy itself. In terms of the budget, we can do it in a way that creates
certainty in the budget. There are precedents in that the fee has been
waived in the past. I'd like to see us refer the longer-term solution to Policy
and Services to look at how we handle zoning changes to protect
neighborhoods. This idea of cost recovery breaks down a bit when you're
talking about a large group of homes versus an individual project fee or a
fee for a class. I'm not at all sure that cost recovery is the right concept
when you're talking about 100 or 200 homes. To me, that's almost a
fundamental act that the City should be handling. That's the kind of issue
we should look at in Policy and Services, whether fees even make sense for
this kind of thing. I would like to make a Motion, but I would like to let
other people speak first. I'll make the point that I'd like to make a Motion at
the right point.

Council Member Kniss: Karen, you want us to speak to this current issue,
correct?

Mayor Holman: Yes, please. Just the one matter.

Council Member Kniss: We did take this up in Finance. We also agreed that
we take it up as soon as we possibly could. Our next Finance meeting that
I’m looking at is the 16th. Am I correct, Lalo?

Mr. Perez: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: We had agreed that we would attempt to take it up
then if at all possible before we go on break. Am I correct?

Mr. Perez: I don't recall, I'm sorry.

Council Member Kniss: Lalo, is there any reason why we can't take it up
then, given the urgency that a couple of the Council Members have felt that
it has?

Mr. Keene: The Council can take it up whenever you want. At least a
complete Staff Report on the implications, the demands, are important. I'm
very sympathetic to the motivation for this. Fees don't only exist though as
cost recovery. They are also used as a method to ration demand. There's a
little bit of that here, saying this is a lot of hurdles you have to go through to
get this. There will be still hurdles even if you don't have a fee. Sometimes
drawing a district and working with neighbors bit by bit just to be sure we
have the due process of the Palo Alto process, that takes some time and
costs too. If we had one neighborhood of 50 people and it was 100 percent
and that's the only one speaking, that's one issue. We don't know if there's
                                                                           Page 47 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/8/15
