                          TRANSCRIPT
anywhere between $8 million to $13 million for the saving of Buena Vista in
conjunction with the County. Then the appointment of Caritas, an Orange
County nonprofit housing organization, to purchase the park to save it for
the residents. This without asking my client is the park for sale. Not only
that, creating undue pressure on my client at the same time that it was
supposed to be hearing from all of you in an unbiased and unprejudiced
manner. Yet, the City has taken a public stance in every media outlet
possible that it wants to see this park saved and for the park owner to sell it
to it. I want to make clear to the Council that the park owner intends to
exercise the constitutional right, and it is a constitutional right that every
property owner has in the City of Palo Alto, the County of Santa Clara,
Mr. Simitian, and the State of California, that is it will sell its property when
it deems appropriate to who it chooses and for an amount it deems
acceptable. It will not yield to pressure by the City to do anything but that.
The City has an obligation in this matter to act in an unbiased and
unprejudiced manner toward my client in the hearing and decision of this
appeal. Thank you.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Madam Mayor, Council Members, Molly Stump,
City Attorney. Where are we? Obviously the parties in this matter have a
dramatically different view of the facts and the way forward, so let me orient
the Council. Your packet this evening includes a set of draft Findings that
would provide a basis, and we have recommended that it is ripe for the
Council to take action to approve the closure application this evening with a
set of mitigations and subsequent conditions that are described in the draft
Findings. There are three possible changes to the Findings. Two of which
are technical and noncontroversial. One is that there was a misstatement in
the draft that was published 11 days ago with respect to the way that
Council asked the multi-bedroom units to be treated. That is that the two-
bedroom comparable should apply to families of more than three, where
there are more than three people living in the unit at Buena Vista. That's
what the Council did move on the 14th of April and it was misstated in the
Findings. We have recommended some language to make that correction.
We appreciate Council for pointing out the error. The second thing is a very
minor technical matter, which is that we would like to add a sentence. This
is just a legal and administrative element. In the section of the Findings
called Approval of Closure Application, the last short paragraph states "This
is a final decision. No further action by the City is required or available."
We would like to add the following sentence: "The time within which judicial
review must be sought is governed by California Code of Civil Procedure
Section 1094.6. The lawyers in the room and for the parties will recognize
that as standard language that applies to an administrative decision of this
type.    The third possible change concerns the way that the updated
appraisals would be handled. We have recommended that Council has two
                                                                         Page 16 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/26/15
