                          TRANSCRIPT
buildings there. The design of the building is largely compatible with the
design of architecture in the neighborhood. I do have questions that are as
of yet unanswered about how it fits with the historical context. I'm not an
expert on historic resources. If there is a way that we can have input from
the Historic Resources Board without unduly delaying or harming the
Applicant, I would like to have that opportunity and hear from them in
addition to what we've already seen in the record. As has been discussed, I
do have some concerns about traffic circulation, particularly going through
the alley, was it Lane 30, the alley 67 I'm concerned about circulation on
Lane 30, particularly coming from Lane 30 into Kipling Street. If there's a
way that we can get more information about that and how that would work
and how we can work together to make that work, again in a way that's fair
to the Applicant who's already put a lot of work in, I would like to see an
opportunity to do that. I don't think at this point I have seen anything that
would convince me that we need to send it back for redesign. I haven't seen
that. Others obviously have different views. Where I'm at, I'm comfortable
with the design. I'm concerned about those impacts, the daylight plane
issue. The circulation and historical context are the ones where I would like
additional input, again if there's a way that we can do that in a Motion that's
fair to all parties involved. That's where I'm at.

Mayor Holman: Where I am on this is three or four. My concern about
doing three is, I've made this comment about ARB is a hardworking body,
but we do sometimes, my perspective is anyway, we do sometimes get
projects that are better than they were at the beginning, but they're still not
great projects. My concern about sending it back is we're going to get a
modified what we've got as opposed to getting a really good project, which I
think this corner deserves. I have issues with compatibility, the Findings,
the shadows that other people have mentioned, HRB wasn't included, and
historic context and impacts. I have concerns about all of those. I've also
numerous times made comments about findings and how I don't think that
oftentimes the findings are actually stated as findings. If I can quickly, I'll
give you one example. I'll try to do this really quickly. For instance,
Number 6 on Page 624, “the design is compatible with approved
improvements both on and off the site.” This finding can be made in the
affirmative in that the project design is compatible with the surrounding
commercial, office, mixed-use and residential buildings in the Downtown
commercial area. It's a circuitous statement. It's not a finding. Unless we
can really make Findings, how can we approve the project? Those are my
thoughts. I don't want to have this project massaged and come back
without the issues that have been expressed tonight being addressed.

Ms. Gitelman: I just wanted to clarify that no matter what course of action
the Council chooses this evening, what we're asking for is direction to Staff
                                                                       Page 74 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
