                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I don't disagree with you, but I have a more explicit
motion that I would be willing to make. I don't know whether you want to ..

Council Member Scharff: All right, go ahead (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: That doesn't sound like a motion.

Mayor Holman: Are you withdrawing your motion?

Council Member Scharff:     I think it does say—fine.    Go ahead with your
motion.

Mayor Holman: I didn't hear a second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to incorporate the Planning and Transportation Commissions (PTC)
Transportation Element Vision Statement including a focus on reducing
congestion.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND.

Council Member Burt: All right. I won't attempt in this to construct the
sequence of sentences or components, but give the elements to Staff and
they can come back with structuring it in a way that flows better, rather
than try and do that at this hour. The aspects are, first to start with the PTC
recommendation, but substitute for "maintain and promote," instead put
"build and maintain a comprehensive, sustainable" blah, blah. That's the
first portion. I'll let the Clerk catch up there. Second, to add over in the
City Council direction, the last part of the fourth bullet that begins "the
adverse impacts of automobile traffic" and the balance of that sentence. It
says "on the environment in general and residential streets in particular will
be reduced;" that's the congestion component. I have a third and fourth
aspect. One sec. I'm just letting them catch up. Third addition is from the
existing, the second sentence of it. "Streets will be safe and attractive, and
designed to enhance the quality and aesthetics of Palo Alto neighborhoods."
Great. The final is "Palo Alto recognizes"—I'm sorry. I should have—on the
original PTC I should have asked to have deleted the final section that says
"and supporting regional transit facilities and reduction of greenhouse gas
emissions." Delete that and substitute what I will provide you. Do you have
in front of you that PTC recommendation to draw language from or do you
need me to read it off? Do you have that available, David, the PTC? Okay.
Then the final addition is the last sentence under the existing Plan. You start
to type there. "Palo Alto recognizes the regional nature" etc.

Mayor Holman: Do we have a second? I'll second.
                                                                       Page 109 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
