                          TRANSCRIPT
Bay Area artists, which is really special, showing that we care about our
artists in Palo Alto and the Bay Area. The first piece is Arpeggio V by Bruce
Beasley. He's an internationally recognized sculptor based in Oakland. This
piece ironically was created especially for Palo Alto. It's an arch-like granite
form that makes a beautiful gateway to the new Community Center and
Library. While the sculpture does not move, it does imply motion and
interaction between shapes. It captures the programming of Palo Alto's
diverse community and the varied activities taking place at the new facility.
It's a great eye-opener. It's engaging, especially at the center of this new
vibrant Community Center. We also have Cloud Forest. It's a stainless steel
sculpture by the Portola Valley-based sculptor Roger Stoller. It's one of my
favorite pieces out of all of them. It's just gorgeous and vibrant with the
light when it hits it during the afternoon. There's also Whimsy and Wise, a
set of playful owl bollards created by Dallas-based artist Brad Oldham. I'm
sure those of you who have been to the new space have seen many adults
and kids having fun with these beautiful whimsy creatures that we see as we
enter the Library and Community Center. We also have a piece called Follow
Your Heart by Mark Verlander. He's an artist and designer who created the
16-panel mural in the Teen Center. He spoke to teens; we meet several of
them in the Teen Council earlier this evening. He talked to them about what
Palo Alto means to them. These panels, which are double-sided, tell the
story visually about what Palo Alto means to the teens, which is so
important, as we know, in Palo Alto, not only at this time but just hopefully
in the future as well, showing that we care about our community. The next
piece that I wanted to talk about is Brilliance by Joe O'Connell and Blessing
Hancock. This piece was created and installed on July 2014. It's a family of
six sculptures that are placed throughout the plaza between the Palo Alto
Rinconada Library and the Palo Alto Art Center. The sculptures are made up
of multilingual phrases collected from the community. They're cut out of
steel and they're welded together in three dimensional lantern-like forms.
The evolving series increases in complexity and expresses growth through a
sequence. If you've seen them especially at night, they're gorgeous. The
next piece is actually a two-part piece that was created by Bay Area artist
Martin Webb. It's a commission that he did for the Regional Water Quality
Control Plant and household hazardous waste station in Palo Alto, California,
obviously. There's two pieces, Ride the Currents and Currents. The current
one you're seeing is Ride the Currents, and the second is Currents. Both
these pieces were inspired by Baylands environment, one of the largest
tracts of undisturbed marsh land that's remaining in the San Francisco Bay
Area. Both works are visually bright and alluring to echo the Baylands
landscape. Topping a streetscape improvement project that was four years
in the making is Confluence. It's created by Palo Alto native Michael Szabo.
It's a 14-foot public water sculpture that was recently installed and unveiled
on May 7th near the California Avenue Caltrain Station. Confluence consists
                                                                           Page 4 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
