                          TRANSCRIPT
friends tonight. They had come back after being away for four months, and
I asked them what was their observation. Traffic is terrible. As we add
more jobs and more people, traffic will get worse. Public transportation
sadly can't handle the load; it just doesn't go where people want to go.
Therefore, there will be cars. I support the people who say favor housing
over office. At the same time, I recognize that when more people come to
the area, they will have cars. Almost everyone has a car; very few people
do not have a car. Some will not, but the vast majority will. They will get
on the road; they will get on the road during peak periods. It will not be
good. Quoting Yogi Berra, "déjà vu all over again." Affordable housing, we
talked about this in the '80s when I was on the Planning Commission. The
concept remains valid, but we've never been able to do much about it. In
the interim, the cost of land has skyrocketed. That will hamper any City
effort to provide affordable housing, as sad as that may be. We were talking
about teachers, City Staff, firefighters, police at that time. The issue
remains the same as it does today. I don't know how the City will ever be
able to have a handle on changing the capitalistic society we live in. There
are people who are willing to pay virtually anything to move into Palo Alto. I
don't see that changing. If higher density housing is built, it will have its
traffic implications. There will be people willing to pay more—excuse me—
for that housing than other people with lesser incomes can afford. I think,
as Steve Levy asked, you should give direction, but I think the direction in
part has to be as determined by the last two elections, the referendum in
2013, the general election last year, that residents are deeply concerned
about the quality of life. How that gets wrapped into the Comprehensive
Plan and Land Use Element will be the challenge for you and the Committee.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Good timing.       Eric Rosenblum to be followed by our final
speaker, Shani Kleinhaus.

Eric Rosenblum: Hello. Thank you, Council Members. I'm Eric Rosenblum.
I'm a member of the Planning and Transportation Commission, but I'm here
speaking for myself as an individual. There's a couple of narratives, I think,
need to be discussed. The first happens after these discussions around
entitled millennials who want sort of a handout. They want to be let into our
community. The narrative is around the residents who work their way up,
and you should wait your turn, etc. I just don't think it's a very useful
framing. First, I don't think it's actually correct. We had a lot of—in fact, I
think I'm actually on the younger side of people that have spoken tonight.
I'm certainly no millennial; I'm 45 years old with two kids going to Palo Alto
schools, not that young. This is something about people of all ages, of all
circumstances. Second, I think that there's a lot of people that have to
make choices. There's a lot of lofty reasons to try to increase housing. I
                                                                        Page 49 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
