                         TRANSCRIPT
with “they would be first in line to be chosen under the Office/R&D
Development Annual Limit.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you have anything more to say
to your amendment?

Council Member Scharff: I do. I think that it is unfair to the people prior to
June 15th when we talked about this and made that determination to throw
them in the mix after they've spent all this money and all of that without any
clear sense that they may never be able to build their project. By putting
them clearly in a queue, they may not go this year, they may have to go the
following year. We get the experience for the scoring. Basically I call it a
pilot project, what we're doing now to learn experience. We get that
experience the second year. We get part of it the first year in that we're
scoring between these projects, so we see how the scoring system works.
We can then make changes if necessary for the second year, depending on
how we felt about it. As Council Member Filseth said, when it comes back
for this Ordinance possibly, we'll have that experience of how we went
through this process, but we will have been fair to everyone. We will have
treated them the way we would want to be treated, frankly, if we came
before Council after spending that kind of money.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, care to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: There's nothing quite as complicated as how we can
make it at almost 12:30 at night as well. There are parts of this that I think
have great merit. I'm certainly going to be supporting this because I think
that this is important. We did have somebody who barely missed the
deadline by about three weeks, which was unfortunate. I don't know exactly
what happened, and I don't want Hillary to explain it tonight. Why don't we
vote on this and then, Mayor Holman, I would like to speak to the Motion
that's above that before we actually vote on it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth. This is to the amendment.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, this is to the amendment.

Council Member Kniss: You're right. It's not late enough yet.

Council Member Filseth: Commercial real estate is a high risk, high return
kind of endeavor. One of the risks is that municipal zoning, there's an
exposure to it. That said, I think what Council Member Scharff has proposed
is a reasonable accommodation. It gets us what we want. It deals equitably
with the people who invested in this process so far. I'll support the
amendment.
                                                                      Page 128 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
