                         TRANSCRIPT
context-based criteria, but we don't have any standards of how much
shading could be put on the adjacent properties. That's all that I have.
With regard to the DEE, it's two things. The roof deck, in our Downtown
Design Guidelines which don't apply necessarily to Cal. Avenue, but it does
encourage roof decks. That was a factor in my mind. The other thing is,
which you can see in the minutes, that the elevator and both stair towers
are required for the roof deck. The elevator is mostly Building Code related
issues and accessibility related issues. They have to serve the roof level. If
you don't want a roof deck, we would have mechanical requirements. One
stair tower would need to go up to the roof, but you wouldn't have to have
them serve the floor. If you have any questions, I'm here. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Do note that we have an Item Number 9, which time would
push out to allow at least two hours for this item. We will need to, at some
point in time, decide, unless we dispatch this item in a hurry, whether we
are going to continue this item or continue the next item. We should do that
by at least 10:30, but sooner if possible.

Council Member Burt:      I had a couple of questions.       They're for
Commissioner Lew, would be the best starting point to ask. Alex, can you
explain why there's a need for two towers to access the roof rather than
one?

Mr. Lew: That is a Building Code issue. They'll look at the square footage of
the roof deck. The Building Code does what they call an occupant load.
They're going to take that square footage and divide it by 7 or 15. That's
theoretically the maximum number of occupants that could be there. It's
usually conservative, assuming you're having a party packed with people.
They derive the number of exits based on that. It's typical for roof decks to
have two exit stairs.

Council Member Burt: Do you know at what point we trigger a second tower
need? There must be a certain ...

Mr. Lew: It's my experience you almost always are going to have to have
the second stair tower.

Council Member Burt: I'll ask Staff if we can (crosstalk).

Mr. Lew: I don't know the exact. It would be a very, very small roof deck
to have just one stair.

Council Member Burt: You said that the adjacent properties have an
effective 50-foot height limit.

                                                                       Page 35 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
