                          TRANSCRIPT
standards. Having something in place, some interim standards in place,
actually provides some level of protection for our community, for our airport.
As was acknowledged, I think, before, the County should have done a long
time ago. Part of the fun of getting to run an airport is we're still figuring
out what do we need to do, what can we do better. I think this is yet
another example of how having the Palo Alto Airport under the management
of the City of Palo Alto is a benefit and will have long-term beneficial impacts
for the community. I appreciate all of the input from the community that we
heard tonight. I think the purpose of this interim measure is to pursue those
goals that the community has. I'll be supporting the Motion.

Mayor Holman: I don't see any other lights. I hope that—first, thanks to
the members of the public. Appreciate the concerns and hope it's clear that
this actually raises the floor. We'll be having a further discussion about this
item in the upcoming period. With that, the Motion on the floor is to adopt a
resolution approving and adopting the interim minimum standards and
leasing policies for the Palo Alto Airport; and (b) adopt a resolution
amending the airport fee schedule to update the fees to reflect the transfer
of Palo Alto Airport operations to the City of Palo Alto; and (c) to include
discussions with stakeholders as we move towards permanent minimum
standards. Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously. Thank
you, Council Members.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, could I ask one question of Mike?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Mike, before you go, may I ask you one question?
Mr. Sartor?

Mayor Holman: Mike? Mike? Mike?

Council Member Kniss: Could you give us a report at some point about
whether or not the airport is actually self-sustaining?

Mr. Sartor: Yes. We plan to bring an update back to Council early next year
on the status of the airport, including revenues and expenditures and where
we're heading.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.
                                                                             Page 93 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
