                          TRANSCRIPT
reinforcing the street frontage at a corner on University Avenue and, in this
case, the side street Kipling. With respect to the Downtown Guide, at least
in part that seems to be a design solution that is identified in that document.
With regard to ...

Mayor Holman: Can you state that again please? Something about that I
didn't quite follow.

Mr. Lait: As I understand the Downtown Design Guidelines, there are
options for how to address corners on the ground floor of buildings. One of
the options is a design that's illustrated in the document. This is on page 28
of the plan, if you have a copy of that with you. It shows the façade coming
to a point without an entry at that corner. That said, there are three other
design options that show an entry at the corner. It's not a prescription for
how to design it, but there's guidance on four options presented in the
document. With respect to Kipling Street and entrances, I would ask that
we bring the Applicant up to speak to their program needs or why they
designed it this way with respect to Kipling Street and the entrances, if
that's appropriate.

Mr. Hayes: Mayor Holman, hello. Ken Hayes. Actually A2.3 has a better
drawing to look at. That actually has the dimensions. It's not unlike the
former Apple store on the corner; I think that's actually a 50-foot site. You
have about 25 feet to the center of the doors at the former Apple store to
the corner. This is about 29 feet to the center of the doors from the corner.
It's not unlike what's happening across Kipling Street. What I really want to
draw your attention to is that, yes, it's important that we have recessed
entries and that they face the street. We're certainly doing that. The
rhythm that I was speaking to tonight was not only that part of it, but the
fact that the actual structure of the buildings themselves and the spacing of
the windows creates that texture or rhythm that is University Avenue. If
you look at A2.3, you can see the structure does reflect that. The first piece
is 29 feet, and then 25, 25 and 17 1/2. It does reflect the pattern of
development that you find as you walk. There's not an entrance at every
25-foot section, just like there's not one at the building across the street.
When it turns and runs down Kipling Street, we've maintained that rhythm
and felt like if there was going to be a viable retailer on Kipling, we wanted
to make sure that it had a space that fronted Kipling Street and the corner
of the property did not have conflicting doors. it's always a balance between
the community's needs, the City's requirements and my client's
requirements. From the very beginning of this project, I told the ARB this as
well, the client has dreamed of a corner window. I'm not saying the whole
project was driven from that, but that was a requirement. It is after all the
client's building, so that was a strong requirement from them. If you look
                                                                       Page 66 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
