                          TRANSCRIPT
impacts Kipling Street. The issue came up that Kipling is not a historic
district currently. The question is should it be. Are there other areas in the
City that should be considered historic districts? In terms of education and
communication, you guys have discussed the idea of potentially collapsing
the number of tiers. If we went from four tiers to two tiers and defined the
difference between Tier 1 and Tier 2, that might make it more clear for the
public to understand what historic designations mean. The last thing I'd like
to say is I'd like to see you guys be more proactive and bring some
proposals to us. We're eager to hear some of these ideas. I'd like to see
you bring them forward. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good to have you here tonight, and thanks very much
for your recommendations.         You've developed a series that could be
influential on your role in our City in the future. The post-World War II
history is important because at the current moment rather than incentives
there are very high costs for claiming historical things. If that could be put
into a better balance, that would be positive. Let me talk about a little walk
I had over the weekend on new trails in Byxbee Park. For the first time I got
on top of the hill and looked west at the Federal Telegraph building. I never
really had a good view of that before. I was astounded, went home and
spent half a day on what is this building and why is it here. Why can't we
get into it? Why isn't it part of Palo Alto? It has an amazing story to tell. It
started as a company called Poulsen Wireless in 1909, just when there were
early experiments on using the atmosphere to send radio signals great
distances. In 1911 two people from Stanford, David Starr Jordan, the
president, and the head of the engineering department, Adams, invested in
the company. They went public as the Federal Telegraph Company and
became a seed bed of innovation on radio, telegraph and wireless
communication and tools that could help foster this. Just some of the
names, Lee de Forest worked for them for a few years between 1911 and
1913. It was during that time he developed the tri-element vacuum tube,
which became the push innovation that transformed radio and wireless
communication over the next 20 years. The research lab for Federal
Telegraph was in Palo Alto on El Camino and had a series of innovators
working there who spread the gospel around. In 1916, the City Council
came and said, "Four 50-foot wireless towers on El Camino is disrupting the
neighborhood. This isn't working." So they developed what's called the
Marsh site, which is what we have today out in the Baylands, and continued
their innovation push. It was called the hub of pacific coast communications
there. Federal Telegraph was the first successful Silicon Valley company.
Key technologies in radio, telephone and wireless, a series of innovations
that came out of there, that transformed the rest of the country and the rest
of the world. The first time that Stanford got deeply involved in investing in
tech innovation very successfully. Fred Terman, who became the generator
                                                                          Page 11 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
