                          TRANSCRIPT
enforcement team that addresses special issues as they arrive in Downtown
and other crime trends. The data tells us that the Downtown area has
probably a four-fold increase in crime on numbers-to-numbers compared to
Cal. Avenue. We have a limited number of resources, six to ten officers on
the street at any given time throughout the day. They can only be in so
many places at once. Regarding why they're doing enforcement activities
nearby the police station or in their cars, some of it is having quick access to
their vehicles. We do have a small number of folks who are on bikes in
Downtown, a special enforcement detail.          We send them out to the
southeastern beat in the City occasionally on their bikes.            You could
understand that if there was an incident that required them to quickly get
out of an area and they're on foot, that would be somewhat challenging for
them. What our command staff would probably say and how we design how
we're patrolling the streets is that you have to look at the totality of the
circumstances and allocate the resources that we have, that are somewhat
limited, in the highest concentration areas, which right now is that
Downtown core, University Avenue which makes up easily 40-50 percent of
our call volume. It's pretty substantial.

Mayor Holman: When this comes back, I would like to have a better
understanding of, as it seems to me, having a physical presence on the
street might not be a deterrent. If there is an issue, a police unit could be
called. City Manager and I have been talking about this. Since then, I've
gotten comments from members of the public saying this and this and this
happened, why wasn't a Police Officer there when this was happening so it
didn't continue to happen.      When this comes back, I'd like a fuller
explanation of that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a comment. I was struck by the 50 percent of
calls are in the Downtown. That certainly would argue for more intense. As
general interest, police response time to a school incident is critically
important. I can see being near a vehicle would allow them quick response
to schools spread through the City. That would be certainly a concern with
me.

Council Member DuBois: I want to make a quick comment. I want to thank
the City Clerk for including, or whoever did, the verbatim minutes of
Finance. If we had had action minutes, they would have been completely
useless. It's something we should monitor. Over half this book is minutes.
We may want to consider whether sense minutes make more sense.

Council Member Kniss: Could I add onto that? I would say I hope nobody
does read them, because they're in such great detail. They're great bedtime
reading; you'll probably fall asleep very quickly. It is stunning when you see

                                                                          Page 79 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
