                         TRANSCRIPT

currently in discussions with SamTrans and MTC to use some supplemental
funding from Bay Area Bike Share to do some additional study to help us
determine what bike share in Palo Alto should look like, what our options
are. We'll probably be bringing that to you in the spring, once the study has
wrapped up. The only proposal that's on the table is to continue the service
as is starting in July with Motivate as the operator and the exact same
number of bikes and stations. That's the only decision that's been kind of
offered. We're hoping that the SamTrans/MTC study will give us additional
information and additional choices that could potentially be on the table.

Council Member Filseth: I know that the usage of it hasn't met everybody's
expectations or comparable to San Francisco and so forth. Have we seen
differences between the University Avenue station and the Cal. Ave. station?
It seems to me that the last ...

Mr. Mello: (inaudible)

Council Member Filseth: This is a last-mile problem kind of thing. The
dynamics around the University station versus the Cal. Ave. station and the
Research Park and so forth seem like a lot different. Are we seeing
differences between those?

Ms. Syed: Very slight differences. The busiest stations are near Caltrain,
both in Downtown and on Cal. Ave.

Council Member Filseth: I guess you would expect that. The answer is we'll
know more in the spring?

Mr. Mello: Yeah, the answer is we're hoping to bring you kind of a menu of
options in the spring as to what our next step would be after June.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think it is probably the same question that Eric just
asked. On page 18, where you've talked about the Peninsula pilot cities, is
that the same issue that you just discussed or is that a different one? It's
right in the middle of the page.

Mr. Mello: Yes. The Peninsula pilot cities are jointly working with SamTrans
and MTC to do a Peninsula-specific study of bike share.

Council Member Kniss: Same thing you just mentioned to Eric, as a result of
us not participating fully in the pilot sharing program. Correct?
                                                                       Page 11 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
