                         TRANSCRIPT
they are very quickly and easily and coincides with the other parking
garages. I do note that $150,000 is going to be requested from the
Downtown Parking Fund. I assume that is primarily for the changes in the
garage. Is that correct?

Mr. Eggleston: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If we exclude "c," it would make sense, wouldn't it, to
talk it over with the Downtown parking group and see if they will be missing
a key component of their plan if you do that, since they're going to be
paying for it. Is that reasonable?

Mr. Keene: The Downtown parking group is a free association, voluntary
meeting. The City itself retains the authority for what choices or decisions
we want to make about the use of funds.

Vice Mayor Schmid: What would happen if we saved $100,000? How would
you deal with the $156,000 you were going to transfer from the Parking
Fund?

Mr. Eggleston: That transfer hasn't been budgeted yet. It was something
we had discussed bringing back to the Council at the conclusion of the
project, when we had finalized the costs. The Staff Report talks about doing
that at a point in the future.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It says Staff will bring back, but what would you bring
back then?

Mr. Eggleston: A proposed transfer.

Vice Mayor Schmid. No. I mean if we vote this part "c."

Mr. Keene: Part c, we don't have part c in front of us here.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If we eliminate the cost of the sign repainting in the
garage, would you still come back to us asking for $156,000 from the
Downtown Parking Fund?

Mr. Keene: Not for this project. As you know, in our discussions in Finance,
we've actually been having some discussions about clearly trying to allocate
all of the parking permit-related funding towards parking. We've peeled off
some components that had gone to pay for the twinkle lights, for some
police patrol at Lytton Avenue and the park and all of that, and shifted that
back to the General Fund to sequester the funding towards parking. It
would run counter for us to think about not continuing to use this
somewhere else in the parking district.
                                                                       Page 23 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
