                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: That's correct.

Council Member Burt: Is it the intent, if that occurs, that you'd come back
to the Council for a budget increase or you'd go back to the designer for a
redesign?

Mr. Eggleston: If it was significantly different, we would come to the Council
and discuss the change and get some direction in that area. Frankly, this is
part of what we're discussing with the design team right now, their thoughts
about the potential costs.

Council Member Burt: I think we've already given that direction twice. The
design needs to reflect the budget, not vice versa.

Mr. Keene: If I could add a couple of comments. Like on any project, when
we have a budget and we get to this point, we have to have a public
discussion about do we value engineer the project down to the budget or
does the Council want to consider a change upward. We can't assume that
we'd make it. Secondly, these estimates are based on a concern about cost
increases from what we know about the design. I know that during the
process, Council Members and some community members said some things,
that they liked some ideas from other designs that it might be nice to add to
this particular project. Those are things we will also have to look at
carefully. Obviously, if the project as originally designed looks like it could
cost more, the idea of adding new components to it is just going to increase
that. Clearly we're going to have to be back to the Council.

Council Member DuBois:      I'd like to thank my Colleagues on the Finance
Committee.

Mayor Holman: Had you completed your thought on that matter, Pat?

Council Member Burt:       That item, but I hadn't gotten to the Code
enforcement.

Mayor Holman: We'll come back around.

Council Member DuBois: It's clear you guys really dug in, focused on costs,
particularly the pension and benefit costs. I had some questions related to
the head count. One of the things we talked about early on in the budget
process, I mentioned I'd like to see full-time equivalents of consulting. I'm
wondering, maybe not for this year's budget, if we could plan to do that for
next year's budget. We've had a lot of discussion about staffing. We don't
have a clear picture of what's happening. We have 1,100 employees, but we
don't know if you add in consultants as full-time equivalents. Do we really
                                                                         Page 38 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
