                           TRANSCRIPT
look at them. Do we want gene splicing to take place Downtown? I don't
know; maybe. It's not in there. That's kind of the thought. It really is an
evaluation and suggested approaches to come back to us. I just think it's
out of date.

Council Member Scharff: What you're looking at is—you're looking at things
like whether you can do gene splicing, really?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. You can do it on a desktop now. I mean, I
don't know. Again, I think that's one area where our policies are falling a
little bit behind of where the world is. I threw that out as an example. It's
not driving this, but it's not a bad example.

Council Member Scharff: In traditional zoning, you've basically normally
broken it up into an office use, where you don't have manufacturing going
on or R&D where those have impacts on the surrounding neighbors. That's
why people break out R&D and office use. Whether or not you have an
accountant or an attorney or a software developer, I'm not sure there's a
difference in the impacts on neighbors or anything like that. Are we looking
to break it down into different, I guess, jobs? What'd you say? Into
different uses. Do we call office an office use or are we going to say
attorney use, accountant use, gene splicer use? I'm trying to understand
what Staff's really supposed to do on this. What's the purpose of ...

Council Member DuBois: We do break a lot of it down now. General office
use, a little bit of a catchall. Again, if you read it, it has different definitions.
There are other kinds of office uses. Again, if I had the answer, I wouldn't
be asking Staff to evaluate it. I think a little bit of this is looking at what's
happening today. Again, I think you're focusing on software development. I
think there are other uses too, and it's not just software development.
We've already moved beyond the phase where people are putting in data
centers in offices. Would we want a large-scale data center, for example?
It's kind of a modern use that wasn't in our Comp Plan.

Council Member Scharff: The goal on suggesting approaches Council can
use to specify what types and scale of commercial operation, development,
manufacturing are suitable for the Downtown or California Avenue. The
purpose of that, again, is to have Staff come back with ideas about what? If
someone gets too big?        If someone occupies a certain percentage of
Downtown? What do actually see Staff doing on here?

Council Member Burt: And CAC. It's not just (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

                                                                             Page 89 of 122
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 11/2/15
