                          TRANSCRIPT
also a location with multiple schools, community facilities and parks and also
serves many neighborhoods. How is it working? We know from previous
analysis that was done in 2012 and recent looks at the corridor that the
vehicle speeds have been reduced and accidents are now down.               We
recognize that there's still a lot of traffic in the peak hour, and the peak
period has lengthened a little bit as shown in this graph for Arastradero
Road. This graph was also included as Attachment D. The corridor still
carries a lot of traffic, but overall we think it's a better balance with the
other moves in the corridor. The current phase is what we call project
completion. This phase includes a landscaped median, dedicated turn lanes,
continuous and partially buffered bike lanes, improved school access and
improved traffic operations at key locations.        Admas will describe the
improvements more in detail later in the presentation. We hosted a number
of community workshops when we were developing the Plan Line, and we
were able to talk to residents directly about their concerns over the plan. In
most cases, we were able to accommodate these requests, but many
comments were in regard to traffic congestion. The project will not alleviate
the traffic congestion, but it will maintain an acceptable level of service
through the corridor, and includes positive benefits for all modes of travel.
We recognize that the traffic growth is a regional and Citywide issue that will
require multiple strategies including a meaningful mode shift at the Research
Park and other areas. In April we went to the Planning and Transportation
Commission, where we received unanimous support from the Commission
Members. They suggested Staff provide more information on the results of
traffic diversion. Since April, we did conduct additional traffic diversion in
May 2015 before school let out. The results are shown in Attachment D in
the Staff Report. It shows no appreciable increase in traffic diversion has
been noticed since the trial was approved in 2012. We also updated the
Concept Plan Lines at two locations based on some additional community
input. We completed the CEQA addendum. In 2004 an Initial Study and
Mitigated Negative Declaration was prepared for the corridor.              The
addendum found no new significant impacts and no substantial increase in
the magnitude of impacts that were previously identified in the 2004
document. Therefore, no further environmental evaluation is required under
CEQA. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Admas so he can go over the
highlights of the Concept Plan Line.

Admas Zewdie, Mark Thomas and Company: Thank you. This is a 2.3-mile
...

Mayor Holman: If you could identify yourself with your full name for the
record, that would be helpful.


                                                                        Page 80 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
