                         TRANSCRIPT
6.   PUBLIC HEARING AND PROPOSITION 218 HEARING: Adoption of
     Budget Amendment Ordinance for Fiscal Year 2016, Including Adoption
     of Operating and Capital Budgets and Municipal Fee Schedule;
     Adoption of Five Resolutions, Including: Adopting a Dark Fiber Rate
     Increase of 2.7 Percent and Amending Utility Rate Schedules EDF-1
     and EDF-2; Amending Utility Rate Schedule D-1 (Storm and Surface
     Water Drainage) to Increase Storm Drain Rates by 2.7 Percent Per
     Month Per Equivalent Residential Unit for Fiscal Year 2016; Adopting a
     Wastewater Collection Fee Increase of 9.0 Percent and Amending
     Utility Rate Schedules S-1, S-2, S-6, and S-7; Adopting a Refuse Rate
     Increase of 9.0 Percent Per Month Per Equivalent Residential Unit for
     Fiscal Year 2016 and Amending the Utility Rate Schedule R-1;
     Amending the Salary Schedule Attached to the 2014-2016
     Compensation Plan for Management and Professional Employees, as
     Amended by Resolution No. 9053 to Add One New Position and Change
     the Title of Two Positions; Amending the 2013-15 Memorandum of
     Agreement Service Employees International Union (SEIU), Adopted by
     Resolution No. 9398 to Add One Position and Correct the Salary of One
     Position; and Amending the Terms for the Utility Management
     Professional Association, as Amended by Resolution Nos. 9492 & 9503
     to Correct the Salary for One Position and Add Two New Positions; and
     Refer to the Finance Committee a Discussion of Changes to the Public
     Art Ordinance to Simplify the Calculation of the Public Art Fee and a
     Discussion of Usage and Replacement of Pool Vehicles.

Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director:               Good
evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Walter Rossmann, Budget
Director. I would like to provide you with a brief overview of the Fiscal Year
2016 Proposed Budget as revised by the Finance Committee and by Staff. I
have about a 15-minute presentation, hopefully hitting the major points
regarding this year's budget. Here with me is Lalo Perez, Chief Financial
Officer, as well as Christine Paras, Principal Management Analyst. After the
initial presentation of the Proposed Budget by City Manager on April 27th,
the Finance Committee reviewed the Proposed Operating and Capital
Budgets. I would like to thank the Committee for the engaged discussions
during the last month and working with Staff to bring this budget to you
here today.     Before I continue my presentation, I would like to also
acknowledge the artwork in this slide and the budget documents. All
artwork was produced by children involved in the Palo Alto Art Center's
Children's Fine Arts camps and classes offered by our Community Services
Department.      The Citywide Expenditure Budget of $563.4 million has
increased by about $93 million or approximately 20 percent in comparison to
the '15 Adopted Budget. The major changes are due to increases in the
Capital Budget and salary and benefits. The Capital Budget increased
                                                                        Page 13 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
