                          TRANSCRIPT
Page Mill. They all involved a traffic study. Cumulative traffic over time,
what does it mean for our future? In each of those, the intersection of Page
Mill and El Camino came out as an "F." Actually El Camino and Grant came
out as an "F" as well. Surrounding this site, the traffic issue has been
identified as something that we need to be sensitive to. How do you
measure traffic? That's an issue for us as well. We'll be dealing with that in
the Comp Plan. In addition, we're going to be looking at the update of our
Housing Element. One of the questions raised in that is how do we deal with
the jobs/housing balance a little more effectively, and let's look at the
California Avenue. I do note that this property abuts the PTOD district. As
we move forward over the next couple of months, the Council will be looking
intensively. Our homework will be looking at traffic, land use, developments
and how it affects the citizens of the community.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Wolbach.      I apologize.   Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: I wish I was as tall as he was. Ironically, I think I
align most of my comments with his. This is a fairly unique experience and
opportunity for us to really, as a couple of my colleagues have mentioned,
say what we think the community needs. What I think the community needs
is housing. I don't think that the proposed project has enough of it. The
housing that it has I don't think is the kind of housing we need. I'm going to
keep my comments kind of just broad on generally what you've proposed
and what I'd prefer to see there. I think a project that had significantly
more housing and more units would both provide jobs for all the gentlemen
sitting behind you that are clearly interested in jobs. It would provide
housing that would hopefully help chip away at the lack of housing we have
in the Bay Area that's led to the high cost of housing that's occurred over
the last couple of decades. I think it's perfectly within context of that area,
which is surrounded by housing. I know the Staff Report mentions and
other people have mentioned, "I don't know if this is a good site for
housing." It might not be ideal. It might be too loud. It might be all these
things. The people who need housing don't care. They need housing. Just
because a site isn't ideal doesn't mean that it won't provide a lot of value to
folks who need it. That's a much more general comment than just this
project. That applies to a whole lot of other projects and things that we
discuss. I don't think anybody can dispute anymore the acute housing crisis
we have in Silicon Valley. This is an area, I think, that makes a lot of sense
to help address that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.



                                                                        Page 57 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
