                         TRANSCRIPT
project 2016. Over that time, we saw that revenues were growing about 4.1
percent on average over that time period, but salaries and benefits were
growing by 5.5 percent. Even in the short term of the last few years, we
have salaries and benefits growing faster than revenues. Certainly in the
long run, we see a disturbing trend where we know benefits will be growing
faster than salaries into the future, putting a cap on how fast we can raise
salaries. Our ten-year forecast is that salaries would rise about 2.5 percent
per year. Those aren't only salaries; they also include step increases, merit
pay, keeping up with neighboring cities. Actually salary increases per year
are probably well under 2 percent unless we have a major shift in our
revenue streams. That's why at the end the Finance Committee said, "The
budget is good. You've made a very clear and important case that we need
new personnel for libraries, for planning, for technology, for a variety of
cases. But a 13 full-time equivalent increase might be too much." We
suggested cutting three full-time equivalents somewhere on the staffing and
left it up to the option of the City Manager to come back to us with those
cuts. That's where the Finance Committee ended. Tonight we have come
back with two cuts and a frozen position, but they will be reexamined over
the next year. That's something the full Council should address. There were
two other things that are important to note. After a few years of relative
stability, we see some substantial increases taking place in utility rates.
Water rate, we've heard earlier tonight. Waste treatment is going up by 9
percent. The refuse rates are going up by 8 or 9 percent. That's a trend
which we'll probably see more of in the future. Other key issues were
brought up during the discussions, and let me mention the main ones and
leave it up to my Colleagues to bring these up individually. We had
extended discussions on the vehicle fleet, on the Infrastructure Reserve
balance, on Project Safety Net, on the City fiber system, on Animal Services,
and on Cubberley. Maybe as we get into the details of the budget, my
Colleagues can discuss those issues. One last thing. There was a new
reporting mechanism set up for our transfer in and out that is significant.
It's more transparent for each budget but, in the movement from the old
budget to the new budget, it might cause some confusion. I'd ask Staff to
say a word about the new reporting mechanism for fund transfers from year
to year.

Mr. Rossmann: Walter Rossmann, Budget Director. Vice Mayor Schmid and
the Council, we made a few changes within this budget which were aligning
it with best practices. One is how to budget salary and benefits. That
created a discussion with the Finance Committee. Secondly, we made sure
that certain internal service funds, like the General Liability Fund, the
Workers' Compensation Fund, were funded at the actuarially required level,
which increased allocated charges from departments. I can't recall the
transfer issue, so I may have to ask you what you meant by that. Oh, the
                                                                       Page 20 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/8/15
