                             MINUTES
housing. The proposed relocation plan was wholly inadequate. The Council
could reject the relocation plan based on the law as no comparable
compensation could be made.

Bonnie Packer, Palo Alto Housing Corporation Board President, advised that
the need for affordable housing was great.         There were no available
affordable housing units in Palo Alto for Buena Vista residents. The waiting
time for affordable housing could be five years or more. She hoped the
Council remembered the importance of preserving diversity in the
community and the critical need to maintain the park for affordable housing
in perpetuity. Palo Alto Housing Corporation could collaborate with others to
find a way to keep Buena Vista families and individuals in the City.

Molly Seligman implored the Council not to approve the compensation plan.
The proposed plan did not satisfy the requirements of the law. Residents, if
displaced, would lose their homes and jobs.

Doria Summa, Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning, believed the proposed
compensation was not adequate for the relocation of Buena Vista residents
to a comparable community. She encouraged the Council to work with the
County of Santa Clara and other agencies to find a means to retain valued
members of the community. If Buena Vista residents could not be retained
in the community, then they should receive realistic compensation.

Edie Keating suggested reasonable compensation should be based on reality.
The current proposal did not include securing a new site in order to make
relocation a realistic possibility. Alternately, compensation should allow
purchase of similar mobile homes in existing parks. In the absence of
abundant or comparable spaces, the Council must consider the multiyear
economic loss to residents. The proposed agreement was inadequate.

Rabbi Janet Marder, Congregation Beth Am, wanted the residents of Buena
Vista to live in a safe community with excellent schools, good social services,
medical facilities, and cultural enrichment.      That was the purpose of
affordable housing. The relocation plan was clearly inadequate and did not
comply with the law. Displacement would result in job loss, disruption of
multigenerational families, increased poverty, and homelessness.

Pastor Alex Van Riesen, Vineyard Christian Fellowship of the Peninsula, felt
the future of Palo Alto was being decided. The relocation plan was unjust
financially and morally.   Buena Vista families were working models of
transferring wealth and opportunity to a new generation.

Norma Grench, First Congregational Church Palo Alto, hoped the offers of
funds from the County of Santa Clara and the City of Palo Alto would provide

04/13/2015                                                             117- 210
