                          TRANSCRIPT
between, so that the CAOs have time to start working on the issues. If
they're so inclined and if this is what you would like in their self-
assessments, they can report to you how things are going. I must say my
city manager process for me also included a self-assessment. That's very
common and typical. Again, our recommendation is first of all that it might
be good to debrief this process with the CAOs and to see what they have to
say about it. If there's any changes that are desired, those could go to the
Committee for approval, if they're significant changes. If it's just adding a
question or two, I don't think that would be necessary. That you do the
direct input process every two years, and that on those off years the CAOs
could report to you in their self-assessments during their reviews.

Council Member Kniss: We have two new employees. Harriett's not that
new anymore, but Beth is. Even in that case, would you suggest two years
between the time that you do some kind of evaluation?

Ms. Figone: I would say yes, the one year, skip a year. In that intervening,
the issues that were raised really should be pursued and followed up by the
CAOs.

Ms. Egan: I would keep everyone on the same cycle. There are a lot of
efficiencies with that, that you generate savings in the way this is delivered.
Also, getting here and expecting your employees to be able to give you
meaningful feedback in a short period of time isn't reasonable. That time for
your new employee to ramp up would be fine. I think it'd be a good thing.

Ms. Figone: I think I'll end my comments there about that first part. We'll
move on to the report facilitation. This is still under the bucket of the
satisfaction survey.

Council Member Berman: I guess one question I have is you mentioned that
the CAOs could report back to Council on kind of the work that they're doing
with Staff based on issues that were brought up. Should they?

Ms. Figone: I believe they should. I believe they should.

Council Member Berman: Should kind of a list of those items be compiled, I
guess, ahead of time?

Ms. Figone: I believe that they have them.

Council Member Berman: Based on (crosstalk).

Ms. Figone: It's between the performance review and their conversations
with you, and then they all have the summaries that we did of the direct

                                                                                      Page 6 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
