                         TRANSCRIPT
your early input and discussion. Based on your discussion this evening, we
expect that at least one possibly both of those ordinances will need to be
revised slightly, and then they'll have to go through the normal process that
an ordinance goes through, a recommendation at the Planning Commission
and come back to the Council for your review and consideration. As we'll
explain in the course of our explanation, there were a couple of adjustments
to the information in the Staff Report as we prepared for the hearing this
evening, at least one adjustment to one of the ordinances before you. We'll
go into that in more detail. Just to recap your direction from October of last
year. First you asked us to prepare a draft ordinance for review by the
Planning Commission and the City Council. You asked us to do it pretty
darned quick, and it has taken us much longer than we anticipated. It's
been a very complex set of issues that we've had to confront and deal with.
First, you asked us to consider plating shops and uses similar to plating
shops in development of an ordinance. You also asked us to broaden the
current approach to identifying potential sensitive receptors or uses that
might be incompatible with hazardous materials-type uses. You suggested
this kind of tiered approach that ultimately took shape in the ordinance that
we're bringing to you this evening. The City Council's direction came after
discussion of CPI. We included in your Staff Report a chronology of some of
the events having to do with CPI that brought this issue to the fore. We've
included here just a Staff Report that shows how close the CPI facilities are
to the adjacent neighbors. Here is another version of that chronology just
explaining some of the events of CPI including the hazardous materials
releases that happened in 2006, 2007, then Council's adoption of an
ordinance to address hazardous materials users in 2007, the steps that CPI
took to reduce their chemical quantities below the Title 19 or CalARP
thresholds in 2012, and then bringing you up to the current day in 2015, our
work with the consultants and outreach to interested parties which I'd like to
say is still going on. We are still outreaching to some of the businesses now
defined as Tier 2 under the proposed ordinance. There are two ordinances
before you. The first one would define hazardous materials users in three
tiers. Rod is going to go into some detail on that. It would also define
sensitive receptors. It's important to know that the ordinance is kind of a
two-way street. We're regulating hazardous materials users that are close
to sensitive receptors, but we're also proposing to regulate sensitive
receptors in industrial zoning districts that are close to hazardous materials
users. In fact, I think the Council received a late email communication from
someone who hopes to develop housing on a site immediately adjacent to
CPI whose plans would not be feasible under the proposed terms of the
ordinance. We're also proposing changes to the amortization section of the
Code and a separate amortization ordinance that we can discuss further if
you wish. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Rod who's going to talk

                                                                           Page 41 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
