                         TRANSCRIPT
back you can go to get good data. We thought that was a reasonable period
that reflected both ups and downs in the market.

Council Member Filseth: That's the challenge here. The outcome of how
many concessions are needed, it's really sensitive to that number. It's
hugely sensitive. I struggle with that. I will comment a little bit. The
Mitigated Negative Declaration. We already talked about traffic. You're
going to have so many car trips a day, and some of them are going to go
through the neighborhoods. Anybody coming from 101 is going to pull a U-
turn at that signal. Our methodology is we look at this stuff, at the moment,
pretty much in isolation using guidelines from other places. I'm not sure
how to set this in context. Everyone of these we do—this is not germane to
441 alone—comes up with a no impact. I'm not sure how to do the context.
The second thing on the Mitigated Negative Declaration. Some of this is
nitworthy. For example, we say that this project—it's on page 1065—will
have no increase to the jobs/housing ratio. I realize we're dealing with small
numbers. It says it'll have no impact to the jobs/housing ratio. That's not
true. It's going to have, depending on whether you're at 250 employees per
square foot or 125, somewhere between 65 and 120 jobs. You're going to
have a net gain of 13 housing units. That's a jobs/housing ratio of 5:9.5,
which is higher than the existing 3.3. That's not right. I'm looking at the
Mitigated Negative Declaration. It says we're projecting to increase the
population to 62,880 by the year 2010. This seems old. It says at the
beginning that it's done on November 8, 2013. Some of this is data from
six, seven, eight years ago. There's some other stuff in here. On page
1067, it talks about park impacts. The Declaration says a city the size and
density of Palo Alto should provide 2 acres of parkland for every 1,000
residents. That's listed as 2002. The Comp Plan says it should be 4 acres
for every 1,000 residents. That's Policy C-28 in the Comp Plan. It's not
seismic, but there's a lot of stuff in here that's not right. One of the things
we're being asked to do is thumbs up the Mitigated Negative Declaration.
I'm having trouble doing that. My summary is I have questions about
whether the costs were done right in the allocation, particularly the parking
garage since it's such a big impact on the costs. Whether that's done right,
I'm not confident. I've seen this for a few days, and I don't know what the
numbers are. Value of the cash flows seems to be pretty darn sensitive to
exactly which time period you extrapolate from. I'm not sure how to
assemble all this.

Council Member Scharff: I thought the applicant did a good job of listening
to us the last time we were here and coming up with less commercial and
more residential, more units, more BMR units. They did a good job in terms
of listening to what Council said. It's important to note on the State density
stuff. Page 8, packet page 948, gives the criteria of what we have to do in
                                                                       Page 133 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
