                          TRANSCRIPT
Council deadlocked on it. The people still voted two-thirds for it. The
question is why hasn't the Palo Alto City Council supported BART since you
have two elections where the mandates have been very strong for BART.
You need to move on. Let's not do low speed rail which is what Quentin
Kopp calls high speed rail in the urban environments. I ask you please, let's
look to the future. Let's tie this Bay Area together. Let's help solve your
TDM problems with all those East Bay people that no longer need to take the
Dumbarton rail. There are so many advantages. We want you to do that.
That's all tied into the same letter that you guys signed. Thank you so
much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker, Adina Levin.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members and Staff and Mr. Guardino.
I'd like to thank the Silicon Valley Leadership Group for taking leadership
and getting transportation ballot measures passed for lo these many years;
for VTA in opening up and having more of a public process this time around;
and for Palo Alto at taking the leadership in starting to set priorities for this
ballot measure. I'd like to make three points regarding the goals and
priorities of the ballot measure. The first is to highlight a discussion that
happened here at Palo Alto City Council relating to the expressways and how
that fits into the local Palo Alto goals. There's a serious congestion problem
on Page Mill Road. Most of those cars are going to Stanford Research Park.
Stanford transportation, which is being chartered by Palo Alto, at addressing
that traffic jam has said that they believe that reducing solo vehicle car trips
will do more to address that traffic jam than widening the roads. Yet, when
the County expressway staff person was here, she said the only thing they
could do for that traffic jam was to widen the road. I think we have a
disconnect in the county between the County Expressway Plan and the City's
environmental and mode shift plans and what Palo Alto is doing do say how
should we address this traffic jam.        Widening or mode shift or some
combination of both is something that could be followed throughout the
county and would love to see that addressed. Mode shift goal, not just road
widening goal to solve that traffic jam. Secondly, as Palo Alto is moving
forward with how to do grade separations for Caltrain to address safety, to
address road connectivity and to address eventual train capacity,
improvements. One of the things that Caltrain is recommending is to have
an approach with that program, to approach it like a program, not to have
Palo Alto decide 30 years in advance how Palo Alto will do that project, but
to say here's some money and that will be given once the cities have their
program ready to go. That's something that would help get good projects
that achieve those goals. Very lastly, Mr. Guardino mentioned bus service
for the elderly and disabled and low income. The County just hired Jarrett
Walker to look at not only bus service but the overall transportation network
                                                                         Page 71 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
