                             MINUTES
Consideration of costs for underground parking           and   environmental
remediation resulted in a net value of $1.28 million.

Mayor Holman asked how the Council could review the project with respect
to the Density Bonus Law and the project as a whole.

Ms. Gitelman noted the Council was constrained by the Density Bonus Law
with regard to the project's request for concessions. The Council could differ
with the Applicant's request for DEEs and parking exception. It would be
difficult to separate the site and design of the project from the requested
concessions.

Mayor Holman noted the time of 9:07 P.M. and the fact that Agenda Item
Number 7 was scheduled for 9:00 P.M. If the Council discussed Agenda
Item Numbers 6 and 7 for an hour each, then the Closed Session could
begin at 11:00 P.M. Because Agenda Item Number 7 was noticed for 9:00-
10:30, public comment would be taken in that time period. Agenda Item
Number 7 would likely be considered over two separate meetings; therefore,
the public would have another opportunity to speak to it.

Council Member Kniss inquired about the potential outcome of the Council
denying the project.

Mayor Holman requested one round of Council Member questions prior to
Council Member comments and Motions.

Ms. Silver reported potential outcomes depended on the grounds used to
deny the project. If the Council based it's denial on the Density Bonus Law,
then it would have to make certain findings. A court would review the
findings and determine whether they could be made. Specific findings were
required to deny a concession.

Council Member Kniss would offer a Motion in order to begin the discussion,
unless the Mayor preferred a round of Council Member questions.

Mayor Holman preferred to allow Council Member questions and comments
prior to a motion being made.

Council Member Berman asked if the law alluded to any maximum or
minimum allowable increase in project net value and to what extent the
Council could lower the square footage of the project to reach a net project
increase of $0.




                                                                        Page 15 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
