                              MINUTES
      shall not have jurisdiction to reopen any matter addressed by the
      Council’s Decision or the Sept 30, 2014, Hearing Officer’s Decision.
      The Hearing Officer shall issue a short written determination, which
      shall be final. The Hearing Officer’s determination shall not be
      appealable to the Council. Any appeal shall be to the Superior Court,
      to the extent provided by law; and

   d) Final determination of actual moving costs and additional mitigations
      for disabled mobile home owners shall be determined by the
      Relocation Specialist, as set forth in the Hearing Officer’s decision; and

   e) In addition where a one bedroom mobile home unit has more than one
      bedroom because of unpermitted additions, where family is greater
      than three people, the rental compensation will provide for a two
      bedroom rental unit.

2) Staff shall return to Council for adoption of written findings and decision
   consistent with this Motion.

Council Member Scharff believed the Hearing Officer addressed all issues.
However, the Hearing Officer did not support the one bedroom issue with a
reference to the statute. The park owner's attorney did not offer any
impediments to the Council changing the rent subsidy. The purpose of the
Ordinance was to ensure residents could obtain housing.        He did not
understand how families of four, five, and six people could move into a one
bedroom apartment. The Motion added a measure of better planning if the
park did close.

Council Member Kniss hoped this would be an opportunity for the community
to unite and support Buena Vista residents. With regret, she supported the
Motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether it was appropriate to include
"unpermitted additions" in the Motion. That language seemed to penalize
any permitted additions.

Council Member Scharff understood a permitted addition counted as two
bedrooms.




                                                                          Page 26 of 41
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 04/14/15
