                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: Sure. The lot coverage that is in a non-single-story overlay
neighborhood is restricted to something like 30 percent. Whereas, in the
single-story overlay the Codes specifically say that the maximum lot
coverage is to be equal to the maximum floor area ratio, which is a formula.
It's greater than 30 percent, so they get to put it all on the first floor.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you, Council Member Burt, for reminding
me of that. I'd suggested in my earlier comments that that's something we
should explore doing. We've already done it. That's already a part of the
SSO. For those who are concerned about finding space for additional family
members through remodels of a home that's restricted to a single story,
under the SSO there are some allowances for larger developments. Again,
I'm seeing some shaking heads in the audience. If there are more tweaks
we need to make to that, whether it's for expansion of the house or for an
accessory dwelling unit, I think that that's something we definitely should be
exploring. I do also like Council Member Burt's idea of exploring what it
would take to reverse this in the future. I'm not sure what that number
would be, but I think that's also a discussion worth having in the future.
Given that the residents of this neighborhood have met the threshold, even
in the streets where it was less popular, it's still overwhelmingly popular. I
think that that's appropriate for this neighborhood to establish its future.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. Just briefly. For the houses that become
nonconforming, the two stories, there's some allusion in the Staff Report
that then they're subject to—I mean, you named some Code section which I
didn't look up. From a practical point of view, what does that mean? What
does that say?

Ms. French: The two-story homes that exist and then become noncomplying
facilities once a single-story overlay is placed on that property. If there was
an act of God, let's say, as phrased in the Code, fire or what have you, they
could replace the home. They can also do some changes to the home. They
can put on additional square footage at the first floor. However, if they
wanted to expand that second floor, that would be increasing the degree of
noncompliance, is the term, and we would not allow that as a matter of
right.

Council Member Scharff: You just can't expand the second story, is that ...

Ms. French: Correct.



                                                                          Page 127 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
