                          TRANSCRIPT
Next, nobody actually really brought up in all of this risk management.
There is one Risk Management Plan that is between CPI and the Fire
Department. It's between CPI and its employees. It does not extend out to
the neighborhood, to the people in the neighborhood or even in the
Research Park. I would like to see that at least there is that consideration of
us in the neighborhood and of the other human beings as well as animals
that inhabit the surrounding close to CPI included in the plan. I would like to
see that CPI and the Fire Department work together with that and bring it to
us to work with us in the neighborhood and to conduct training and
exercises as well. Next, another concern of mine is the transportation and
delivery of these hazardous material. I don't know how it comes in, whether
it's by tanker trucks or by trains and so forth, but it does use our streets.
Today there is an increased use of our streets by bicyclists, by pedestrians
and other modes of transportation. This is all by design. I hope that there
is that consideration on their safety as well with the transportation of
hazardous materials. Lastly, horizontal consistency is important for our
Comprehensive Plan and the moving forward of our City. 3159 El Camino
Real would provide 48 housing units, but it's within that 300 feet to CPI. It
brings to mind what happens with the Fry's site which could provide
potentially much more housing. I would like for that consideration to be
taken into account as well. Somebody help me Google it. I don't know how
many feet, but it's definitely 8 minutes walk from CPI to the Fry's site.
Hopefully you'll take a look at that too. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I'd like to give this opportunity to Staff to
respond to anything that they heard.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Again, Hillary Gitelman, the
Planning Director. There were a few comments in all of that that I think we
would like an opportunity to respond to. I'd also point out that you're still
sporting Senator Hill's nameplate in front of you there.

Mayor Holman: I don't object to being called a Senator. Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Just a few things. First, to Mr. Tuma's question about
amortization and the value of additional investments. I think the concept of
amortization is something we've talked about before. It is based on an
estimate of the value of the property and the investments that have been
made. If CPI were to argue that the value of their investment has increased
since 2011 when the City's study was done, they would have to provide us
with evidence of that. As I mentioned in my presentation, we haven't
processed any building permits in that time period. It would have to be in
the nature of some kind of equipment that we just wouldn't be aware of that
investment having taken place. We would have to accept their evidence as

                                                                            Page 60 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
