                          TRANSCRIPT
the Municipal Services Center on the east of Bayshore already and would be
able to mobilize. We were able to function out of there during the 1998
flood as well as the near flood in 2012.

Mr. Keene: I apologize. I might not have heard it in the question, Vice
Mayor, as it relates to a disaster event. In a routine environment, and
Dennis can speak to this more, it's important to remember, one, we run
three shifts a day. You've got six or seven vehicles that are going out.
Many of those are going to be off-peak times. You've got evening shifts and
some of those sorts of things. We're not talking about 30 police vehicles
that have to get out at the worst possible time of day.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm thinking of the disaster situation where you have
six vehicles and you want to have 18 out. These others ...

Mr. Keene: If we have a disaster, the police would take control of the traffic
situation in many ways as it related to access and being able to get out and
that sort of thing.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would think that's one advantage that the West
Bayshore site would have; it does not have a natural barrier to get around
town. A third question is just a small one. The Sherman Avenue one talks
about closing the right-of-way on Sherman. That is a busy intersection at
the rush hour. You're going to close Sherman down?

Mr. Sartor: That is not absolutely necessary. One of the things we will do in
this next step will be to look at the C-6 lot to see if that would be needed or
not, and also work with our planning and transportation folks to see what
potential impacts there might be to closing off Sherman. Remember the
Courthouse is just across the street, so there is some synergy there.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We are building around that area, and there are
concerns about movement on a normal day. I'm sensitive to that. Thank
you.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, very much, Staff, for all of the
work that you guys have done over the past 30 years, it sounds like. I was
talking with a resident and a friend the other day, and he asked, "What are
you most excited to work on over the last year and half of your first term on
Council?" I talked about a whole bunch of stuff, but I ended up deciding
upon finalizing the plans for a new Public Safety Building. We already have
plans for two new fire stations; those are moving forward. This remains the
big X factor of the bigger projects that David Bower and myself and 15 other
residents worked on on IBRC in 2011 and 2010. This is a great step.
There's clearly a lot of work to do. As we have the conversation today, we'll
                                                                         Page 32 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
