                          TRANSCRIPT
opportunity for County to provide some additional support to many of the
various social service agencies and nonprofits that serve folks in Palo Alto
and in surrounding areas. We had an opportunity to do that. You will
remember I teased a little at the time that the County was going to tell
everybody to talk to Palo Alto, and Palo Alto was going to tell everybody to
talk to the County, and what they should really do is come at us both and
make their case and that hopefully they would be heard. We were able to
find modest amounts of funding, but for the most part funds that were
helpful in this last budget cycle. That was a direct result of the conversation
we had a year ago. If you wondered do the conversations matter, ask the
folks at the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo who will now be doing
expanded outreach and bringing folks there as a result of some modest
county funding. As the folks at Ada's Café who are going to be able to
stretch a little bit more and do some work with the County funding that they
got. Ask the folks at the Avenidas facility in Mountain View actually, where
they will partner now to do, I think, even more for seniors who need senior
daycare during the course of the day. Those are just three of probably a
dozen different items. They all grew out of the conversation we had here
last year. I just sort of wanted you to know that that did not fall on deaf
ears, and that in fact there will be very real and very tangible benefits as a
result of the conversation you started then. Thank you. I'm going to get
out of your way, and let you get on with your business. I'm going to take
my wife to dinner and generate some sales tax revenue for the City of Palo
Alto, Mr. Manager. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you and nice (inaudible). Thank you, colleagues. We
will now go to Agenda changes, Additions and Deletions.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: Knowing of none, we will move on then to City Manager
Comments. Jim.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members. I
have a number of things to report tonight. David, I don't know if you guys
are going to be able to ... Public Art Master Plan first of all. The Public Art
Program is hosting an exciting, free, lunch-time event this Thursday,
September 24th from noon to 1:00 p.m. with artist Anthony Discenza in the
Council Community Meeting Room. Bring your lunch or drop by to hear him
discuss some of his previous work and the development of his Palo Alto
installation Questions About Your City, an installation of 20 intriguing street
signs meant to stimulate conversation about various issues Palo Alto is

                                                                        Page 27 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
