                          TRANSCRIPT

that out to everyone. I think those are the two ways we could go on it. I
would like to see us make that decision and move forward.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, may I just interject? Thank you, Council
Member Scharff. I would just offer that if the desire would be to try to get
some Council input tonight, I would think you probably wouldn't be in a
position really to act on it as much as let us mine it and quickly take it and
just come back and bring it back to you reworked with those changes. We
certainly catch the drive already of these comments. It depends upon what
the rest of you want to say. If you want to do that rather than referring it to
Policy and Services, you don't want to wordsmith this to the detail you do on
other motions tonight. You might want to do what Council Member Scharff
did, identify some key places and words. When we look at all of those, we'd
know how to kind of rework this. We could bring it back very quickly, I
mean, within the next—I mean, week after this agenda. I think we could
very quickly turn this around for you.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I would support doing.         I guess the
question is I'd like to make a motion that we do that.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to hear from other colleagues first?

Council Member Scharff: Sure, I don't mind.

Mayor Holman: Let's just do a quick round here, just a couple of minutes
apiece, if we could, and see what the thoughts are of other Council
Members. If we need to go back more, then we can do that. Council
Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I don't need to talk much, because I think between
Council Member Scharff and the City Manager, they said it sort of pretty
much exactly. It sounds right. A lot of good work here. I think what it
needs is an edit. Policy and Services is probably the wrong place; Staff is
the right place, if that makes sense. Council Member Scharff got sort of all
the ones that I had, except the part about mandating grocery stores. I think
we want to be careful with that one too.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, you've already spoken.               Did you
have something you wanted to throw in here?

Council Member Kniss: I do. Actually I won't vote against the motion. I
think there's some real merit if Policy and Services has time this year to
actually refer it. Tom and I have had a bit of a side conversation. He said
                                                                         Page 66 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
