                         TRANSCRIPT
written. If you really weed through the detailed policies and programs in the
Comp Plan, there is quite a bit of guidance on how to resolve those things.
We've had a lot of discussion about parking. Residential neighborhoods
should be protected from the impact of commercial parking.               That's
prioritization and guidance, but you've got to go really low level into the
details of the plan in order to weed that stuff out. That's one of my concerns
about the work that's been done in this. This is a starting point we need to
work on. Some of that has gotten lost in some of the proposals in here. We
need to make sure that doesn't go away. Another piece of this that I want
to propose, and I'll try to keep this in a few minutes instead of 20 or
something like that. Another aspect of this that will help us address what do
we do when this conflicts with that is an essential idea of how much. Let's
say we want to have more shuttle services in town. What priority should
that have? It makes a big difference whether we're talking about that much
or that much. All those are going to have tradeoffs. We're going to have to
trade off something here for something there. The Comp Plan per se doesn't
give us a lot of guidance on how to do that. It would be really helpful to
have a quantitative view of those kinds of tradeoffs. If we take X much of
this, what do we have to give up in terms of Y much of that? In particular, it
would be desirable to be able to project as part of policy discussions, to at
least analyze and talk about how will City growth in the long term affect
future demand for City services. This is my stack of paper here. I've been
working on a model to do that. I've passed out a first pass. It's very
simple. It's an approach. I apologize for dragging people through a gear
head thing here, but I think this can help. I've parameterized it to let people
try different growth rates and see the impact on initially three City services:
park space, commute traffic and water use. I will talk about schools in a
little while. I want to do this to support discussion. It doesn't replace
[Environmental Impact Reports] EIR or [California Environmental Quality
Act] CEQA or things that are much more accurate.              It's a high-level
discussion. Let me briefly comment on how this works, and it'll be in the
public domain. It's intended to be distributed electronically. PASZ [Palo
Altans for Sensible Zoning] would like to put it on their website. This is
divided into two sections: growth drivers and major City services. The two
main growth drivers I looked at were jobs growth, ultimately which comes
from the Business Registry I hope, and housing growth which in the long
term has been very low but recently has been 1 percent or more a year. If
you look at the spreadsheet attached, or the first page, the 2015 numbers
are actuals. Currently we have about 90,000 jobs in Palo Alto, give or take
some, and about 27,000 housing units. I tried to get the best numbers I
could. Most of these are from City documents, draft existing condition
reports, some from [Association of Bay Area Governments] ABAG. If jobs
grow 1 percent a year, then in 30 years we'll have 120,000 jobs. If housing
units grow at the same rate, then in 30 years we'll have 36,000 housing
                                                                          Page 27 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
