              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                             October 13, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt arrived at 6:20 P.M., DuBois, Filseth, Holman,
            Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach arrived at 6:11 P.M.

Absent:     Kniss

Mayor Holman: To mention something ahead of time, we will be adjourning
this evening's meeting in honor of Former Mayor Dick Rosenbaum. We
received word over the weekend that he passed away on Sunday. We'll hold
this meeting in his honor.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: I have one card here for Oral Communications. This is the
time when anyone who would like to speak to an item that's not on the
agenda may do so. Sea Reddy, you'll have three minutes.

Sea Reddy: Thank you, Mayor. I'd like to thank you, Mayor Holman, for
coming to College Terrace event we had on Sunday. It was very nice of you
to recognize our little community we love. I appreciate you being there and
sharing your views and future with Palo Alto. Thank you. The second item
is something of interest to all of us, the High Speed Rail. I'm looking a little
beyond our Palo Alto, but more towards our geographical area of 24th
District for good reasons.

Mayor Holman: Do note that is a part of the agendized items, so is this
separate from ...

Mr. Reddy: No. I just want to say one thing, that I'd like to oppose all of
the high rail thing. We don't want to make Palo Alto anything close to
having high rail. We need to stay where we are, how we do whatever we do
here. I just wanted to say that. The third thing is I'd like Palo Alto to
recognize a significant change in the industry. Dell is buying EMC which
owns 80 percent of VMware. VMware is a very fine company in this town. I
think we need to recognize them for their innovation and intellectual and a


                                                                        Page 1 of 70
