                          TRANSCRIPT
case. The study of the alley found that there is not a huge volume of traffic
that can be accommodated and can still continue to be accommodated with
the project. The other question was a report, I think, submitted by the
applicant about the seismic or the structural aspects of it. I think that was
simply a letter stating that the way that the building was designed, there
wasn't the ability to make further refinements to the building without having
to wholly redesign the project from a different structural mindset.

Council Member Scharff:      Getting back to the alley then, just so I
understand. The thought is that will the cars come down the alley to park in
the parking garage. They will, right?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: That's the idea. The concern right now is that
some of the merchants like Michaela's Flower Shop have their flowers on the
side of the alley there. They unload stuff. That's the way it's traditionally
been. Have we looked at whether or not that's a concern that's going to
make it difficult for the flower shop to conduct business?

Mr. Lait: The report did not find that there would be any impact to that.
There was one recommendation that perhaps the loading zone be moved
from one side of the alley to the other side. That's something that our
Transportation Staff will be looking at to see, regardless of this project, if
that even just makes sense operationally.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I also wanted to ask on the findings, since
we're talking about the findings. The Planning Staff embodied by the
Director approve all of these findings. Do you still believe that the revised
project meets all of these findings?

Mr. Lait: We did support the project as it was first submitted to the Council
in May. I think there are elements of the revised project that respond to the
Council's comments. Staff has identified a couple of items that were
reflected by the ARB such as the reduced modulation and some of the
elements making it a little bit more bland.

Council Member Scharff: My question is much more—Council Member Burt,
for instance, mentioned Item Number 4. I guess I assume that Staff is
supporting that. Staff disagrees with that or does Staff not disagree?

Mr. Lait: I'm going to turn to our original finding.




                                                                          Page 31 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
