                          TRANSCRIPT

clear on Council Member comments? Do you think there's any reason for
trying to do any kind of straw polls on anything? Are you pretty clear? I
think you've gotten pretty much a majority opinion on things.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman. I think we got what we hoped for this evening. As
Jessica indicated, we'll be coming back with all of these items for direction in
the next three to six months.

Mayor Holman: Great. Thank you to colleagues as well. I think we did a
good job on this, given the complexity of the issues.

Mr. Keene: I just want to thank the Council for recognizing Jessica and Sue-
Ellen's and the Staff's efforts here. We're all well aware of the range of
subjects that they're all working on and their responsiveness. It's nice to
come back from break and have them be acknowledged. Thank you.

Special Orders of the Day

2.    Proclamation Recognizing "Palo Alto Perry" as the Unofficial Goodwill
      Ambassador of the City of Palo Alto.

Mayor Holman: Just a comment on that while we're waiting for something
to come up on the screen. We work very hard here, and Staff works very
hard. I think it's really important that we take some time sometimes to
have some fun. Palo Alto Perry has brought joy to an awful lot of people in
this community. Appreciate all the efforts that have gone towards his
success.

Ali Williams, Professional Special Events Producer:       Thank you, Mayor
Holman and Council Members, for the opportunity to present Palo Alto Perry
and his travels around the City. Palo Alto Perry was conceived out of the
workshop "For the Love of Palo Alto" led by Peter Kageyama, author of Love
Where You Live. At the end of the event, we were challenged to come up
with something to bring the community together, and Palo Alto Perry was
born. He's a facsimile of the real donkey Pericles and his friend Niner, who
lives in Barron Park. Perry's travels have embodied the City's community
spirit reflecting the neighborhoods, organizations and people who have made
up this diverse and vibrant community. The slide show is a testament to
how much and how far he has traveled. Our project garnered ten media hits
including TV, radio and print. KTVU and the Palo Alto Weekly did a full
segment on Perry and his upcoming travels. KPIX was concerned that the
weather wouldn't be good enough for him at the May Fete Parade. NBC Bay
                                                                         Page 24 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
