                         TRANSCRIPT
Council with any contract amendments and/or resource requests, as
appropriate. (c) Explore integration with other permits and return to Policy
and Services Committee with a plan for implementation to execute as Phase
3 of the Business Registry certificate or BRC; and (d) use the National
Establishment Time Series database as a point of comparison, not as a
control point, for number of employees and (d) direct Policy and Services
Committee to review the possibility of including short-term rental business in
the BRC. Is there anything else? Nothing below that, right? Okay. Great.
All those—please vote on the board. That passes on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Staff. Thank you, colleagues. That takes us to
Item Number 5. Did Council Members want just a couple of minutes for leg
stretch or are we ...

Male: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Give us just a three-minute break here while Staff changes
hands.

Council took a break from 8:09 P.M. to 8:15 P.M.

Mayor Holman: The next item on our agenda is Item Number 5.

Study Session

4.   Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Review the
     Assessment Results of the Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERP)
     Needs; Review Recommendation to Plan for the Acquisition of a New
     Integrated   Government-oriented     ERP   System    and   Separate
     Provisioning of Utilities Billing Systems (Continued to a date
     uncertain).

Agenda Item Number 4- Finance Committee Recommends the City Council
Review the Assessment Results… was removed from the Agenda at the
request of Staff.

5.   Prescreening of a Proposal to Re-zone the Former VTA Park and Ride
     Lot at 2755 El Camino Real From Public Facility (PF) to Community
     Commercial (CC(2)) With a Concurrent Comprehensive Plan Land Use
     Designation Amendment From Major Institution/Special Facilities to
     Regional Community Commercial, Allowing Development of a Four
     Story Mixed-use Building With Below Grade Parking.

Mayor Holman: Does Staff have a presentation?
                                                                       Page 42 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
