                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Are we keeping "with potential action" in there?

Mayor Holman: Yes. Take out "informational" and put "with potential
action." Are you good with that, Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Berman: It was the other way.

Mayor Holman: We're fumbling here.

Council Member Wolbach: I think—well, let's pick the ball back up. I think
we're actually okay. I think we're—responsible or irresponsible, I think what
we're moving towards is consensus agreement, which would be nice, on an
issue that's been so controversial. I actually think that ...

Council Member Berman: We just went backwards.

Council Member Wolbach: ... Berman's suggestion actually works because
what Berman and Burt both suggested worked together. What we'll have is
we'll have information in a year on how many applications have been
submitted for office and R&D. Based on that informational report, then we'll
be able to look at it and say it's good and this is working, the boundaries are
working, or it's bad and we need to take action at that time. It gives us the
information we need to evaluate and it also gives us some flexibility then,
gives us a chance to test this out a little bit. It doesn't wait a whole two
years. Going back to the analogy, if the toothpaste is starting to get
squeezed into other parts of the tube, we'll be able to see it a little bit
sooner, rather than waiting for the whole Ordinance to run out.

Mayor Holman: I believe Council Member Kniss was the next light.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not going to support this. I think we're getting
more and more complicated. We had a very difficult time with this at the
beginning. We have managed to come with an Ordinance tonight that is still
going to take a good deal of time. I think one more report for the Staff to
come back with—we're going to hear about this regardless. I don't think we
need to add one more complexity to this particular issue. I'm just voting no
on it.

Mayor Holman:   I have lights still from Council Members Scharff and
Berman. Do we need to have more language, more conversation on this

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, we do. I'll make an amendment to your
Motion, to your amendment. I'll move what Council Member Burt had
suggested, what was up there previously, which was—if we'd just let it sit


                                                                        Page 95 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
