                         TRANSCRIPT
to our last item on tonight's agenda, we're also going to offer that people
who are here from SEIU, who had intended to come and speak early, the
opportunity to speak to Item Number 1 as well. We will do that first. We
have also six speakers from SEIU who would like to speak to Item Number 1
which still is conference with labor negotiators, employee organizations. I
won't read the whole title but it includes Service Employees International
Union, SEIU, Local 521. That is the item that—my understanding is that the
six members of the SEIU would care to speak. If you would come to the
front when you hear your name called, that would be most helpful. You'll
have up to three minutes. Joseph Duran to be followed by Lynn Krug.
Again, if you'd come to the front when you hear your name called, that will
help us move through this. Thank you.

Joseph Duran, SEIU:      Good evening, Council.       Thank you.         Hopefully
(crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: I believe you need to pull the mike up a little bit. Thank
you.

Mr. Duran: My name is Joseph Duran. I'm a facilities mechanic at the
Municipal Service Center. I moved to Palo Alto in 1990 with my mom and
my brother. We lived in a two-bedroom apartment in affordable housing on
Park Boulevard. My mom worked on the street at Say Ray Foreign Auto
shop, where she still works today. I went to Nixon Elementary as a sixth
grader, then to JLS and Jordan and Paly. Moving to Palo Alto provided me
with an opportunity to see a new way in life. It's amazing how crossing a
bridge can change everything. My family moved from Palo Alto to Fremont
in 1997. After completing a heating and air conditioning program and
working for some time, the City of Palo Alto called and offered me a facilities
mechanic position. My excitement in that moment was unreal. The prospect
of working in Palo Alto was exciting to say the least. Fast forward five years,
and here we are. I'm still excited to come to work every day. I've come to
learn that Palo Altans expect the best from their public services and
facilities, and we strive to meet those expectations. In my five years, I have
also seen many experienced employees leave for better opportunities and
compensation, which makes it increasingly difficult for operations to meet
the residents' expectations. In order to recruit and retain quality employees
who meet the City's high standards, compensation needs to reflect the
competition and the living reality. Living in the Bay Area has become
increasingly more difficult. Rent alone takes nearly half of my monthly
income. Mix in food for five and all other necessities and daily living brings
new meaning to living on a shoestring. As a City worker who has invested in
the City and on behalf of my colleagues, I appeal to you to reinvest into your
City employees. Thank you for your attention tonight. Let us bridge the gap
                                                                           Page 70 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
