                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'm good.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I thought the reason we picked March was because at a
meeting in March Council explicitly said we should move toward a cap. The
word was clearly identified by that time. Secondly, the wording here, they
would be first in line to be chosen, is not clear. They're in line, but it's still a
line. You implied that this would be actually chosen. Not chosen, but be
selected.

Council Member Scharff: Selected. I'm happy to change the word to
selected, if you prefer selected. I don't think it really matters.

Mayor Holman: I think for the sake of clarity, I think you should.

Council Member Scharff: I'm happy to (inaudible) selected (inaudible). I
don't think the March 15th date, I don't believe we actually had that
discussion. I think we picked it to exclude those projects. I don't believe we
actually first talked about the cap on March 15th. In fact, I'm 100 percent
sure of that. I think your memory is just not right on that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess that's a good question. Is there someone who
can help me on that? The Council did meet on March, did talk about a
development cap and made it clear that we were moving in that direction
when we asked Staff to come back with information.

Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Schmid, you're correct. We did have a discussion
on March 2nd. We had another discussion in June. I think it was at the
June meeting that Council directed us to include that March date in the
Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, but I guess in the March date it was pretty clear
that we had asked you to help us work on a development cap.

Ms. Gitelman: I would have to look back at the Minutes for both meetings.
I just recall it was your direction to use the—I think Staff's recommendation
at the time had been to use the June 15th date or the effective date of the
Ordinance. The Council overruled our recommendation and went with the
March date.

Vice Mayor Schmid: My recollection is the intention was when we had
requested a development cap was the time to put the March date in there.

                                                                           Page 129 of 133
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 9/21/15
