                         TRANSCRIPT
for other values, we've deliberately had a balance of those. Interestingly
though, even though that balance is entirely appropriate to continue to have
programs that would help subsidize both commercial and residential, as it so
happens these are not businesses that happen to be on the cusp of
benefitting from this Palo Alto CLEAN Program. It's one of our church
members; Community Solar, which is essentially a solar co-op for residents;
and finally the City itself who would be leasing the top floor of the garages
for this purpose and not only deriving some revenue from that but adding to
the value of those garage spaces which are discounted because of their
exposure to sun and rain. If those spaces were marketed at a variable rate,
they would have to be charging less than other covered spaces. The other
things that I either heard discussed or there was an absence of discussion
were the following. There was a concern over the cost of the subsidy of the
CLEAN Program, but there was no discussion by Staff about something that
we went through in considerable detail, I think it was two years ago, before
the Finance Committee when we extended the CLEAN Program. The amount
of subsidy per megawatt produced of local solar at that time was
considerably higher for the PV Partners than for the CLEAN Program. Under
this program, it would still be twice the dollar amount of subsidy per
megawatt produced as under the CLEAN Program. If we're going to have
local solar, this is actually the lowest cost local solar program that we have
and has been. That wasn't presented to the Finance Committee. I know
that that was a significant consideration of the Committee. Also, members
of the public brought up, but it wasn't presented to the Finance Committee,
the extent to which there has been both City Staff investment and private
investment over the course of the better part of a year in these pipeline
projects. That has been based upon the Council commitment to continue
this program. It was more than a good faith commitment on all parties; it
was based upon a Council policy. That policy has not been changed;
although, we have what would amount to a backdoor change to it if this
change that the Finance Committee recommended went through. The point
has also been made about the value of this program and scaling. Those of
us who have been in business and been involved in products know that the
first product out the door is at a different cost from subsequent products
when you scale them. That's been the history as we make comparisons
right now to utility-scaled projects and how low they've become in price.
They didn't start of that way. They were high priced just a few years ago.
It's because of both the State of California's commitment to that, including
driving down the soft costs of those projects, as well as commitments
elsewhere that have driven down the hard costs of solar is why they're so
cheap now. You don't get from Point A to Point B without working your way
through that process. That's what we're doing here. It also was not
discussed when we compared ourselves to utility-scale projects. We looked
at the direct financial avoided costs.         One of the reasons that local
                                                                         Page 32 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
