                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:     There's still money being spent there, but for a
consultant?

Mr. Keene: The money is being spent, but the FTE doesn't exist.                   I
apologize; that sounds very governmental.

Council Member DuBois: If we said that we wanted to keep the Code
Enforcement person, is there an alternative position that would be the third
cut?

Mr. Keene: Believe it or not, the Council every week makes the Staff's life
difficult. You could give us a difficult assignment on this one too. If you
really said this is a real priority, you could then make the decision to say,
"You don't have to do any more." You could say go back and find another
position, and then I would bring another recommendation to you.

Council Member DuBois: Early reports talked about Fire Stations 3 and 4
and a parking garage Cal. Ave. and Downtown, but then in the budget it
seemed to be just Fire Station 3 and Downtown. Are those other projects in
the 2017 budget? Is that why they weren't ...

Mr. Eggleston: Brad Eggleston again. All of those projects are included in
the five-year plan. The other ones are in the outer years. The ones we're
currently starting are the Public Safety Building, Fire Station 3 and the
Downtown parking garage.

Council Member DuBois: There was some talk around the Public Safety
Building that we'd start the Cal. Ave. garage first if we use that location.
Right?

Mr. Eggleston: Yes. That would be something to consider at the time that
the Council makes a site selection for the Cal. Ave. garage, I mean the
Public Safety Building site. We are planning to come back in the late
summer or early fall.

Council Member DuBois: At the right point, I would like to talk about single-
story overlays. On Project Safety Net, it is quite an increase, going from
$75K to now $630K for the tracks. Do we do that all year round or do we
stop Track Watch during the summer when there's no school?

Mr. Keene: I'm sure we could probably give it separately from this, an
annual costing schedule for Project Safety Net. It's gone up and down,
because it's been related to the amount of coverage that we have felt we
needed to provide. Currently, we're providing Track Watch service at each
one of the four grade crossings in the City, and we are doing it during the
                                                                       Page 40 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/8/15
