                         TRANSCRIPT
they'd be one of the weighted criteria. I think benefits may be intrinsic to
the project or adjacent to it. I do agree that we have to be cautious that we
don't slip down a PC path, but I don't think a project that comes forward and
says, "We have this benefit to the community," that that isn't something I'd
want to weight. I don't want to put it as preeminent. I'd want to put it in
the context of these other weightings. I think it has value, but I don't like
this monetary and nonmonetary value of the public benefits. It's not quite
clear to me what that means. I think it's more important to shift it to what's
the benefit to the community. I would offer to return "E" under the wording
"the value to the community of public benefits offered."

Mayor Holman:     Council Member DuBois, would you be okay with that
amendment?

Council Member DuBois: You don't have anything else on your wording—
sorry. There's nothing else here for wording for your grouping, do you want
to ..

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I wanted to talk to that one first. I can say if
that's included then the other thing would be too ..

Council Member DuBois: I'll accept that. David, you should replace that in
"B."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, “Delete Municipal
Code Section 18.85.207(e) – The monetary and/or non-monetary value of
public benefits offered” with “Change Municipal Code Section 18.85.207(e) –
The value to the community of public benefits offered.”

Council Member Burt: In "B," it would become the value to the community
of public benefits offered. Then I offered the six groupings to be weighted.
These are all referring to 18.85.207, selection criteria. "A" and "B" would be
called impacts. "C" would be design. "D" would be environmental quality.
"E" would be public benefits. "F" "G" and "H" would be uses. "I" would be
pipeline.

Council Member DuBois: Is that it?

Council Member Burt: The other one you may or may not accept. It goes to
the self-mitigating projects.

Council Member DuBois: I'll accept this one.



                                                                      Page 114 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
