                             MINUTES
review a broader notion of amenities as permitted by the Ordinance and
present that methodology to the Hearing Officer as the appraisals would be
adjusted upward by X amount as a result of additional factors. He would
want to ask the Hearing Officer if that process was feasible.

Ms. Nanda asked if Council Member Burt was talking about the original
appraisals or the appraisals performed within six months of relocation.

Council Member Burt advised that the factor could apply to both. The factor
determined by the appraiser could increase the amount of the original
appraisals. New appraisals would include the factor and reflect a value
higher than the original appraisals.

Ms. Nanda advised that a change in the scope could only be legal if it applied
to the future appraisals. Discarding appraisals contained in the record and
using a new scope exceeded what could be done.

Council Member Burt was not sure why existing appraisals were important as
the future appraisals would be the basis for compensation.

Ms. Nanda felt there was a problem with the entire proposal.

Mayor Holman understood Mr. Beccaria to say that the existing appraisals
could be adjusted based on the percentage differential between housing
prices in Palo Alto versus other communities.

Ms. Stump requested Council Members focus on the appraisals to be
performed.

Council Member Burt did not understand the importance of the existing
appraisals.

Council Member Scharff recalled Mr. Beccaria stating that he could include a
different scope in the appraisal methodology. The Council had not agreed to
Council Member Burt's proposal. This was the parties' opportunity to explain
why the proposal was good, bad, legal or not legal. He wanted to know
what legal argument the park owner would make in appealing the Council's
decision to the Superior Court.

Ms. Nanda did not believe that a review of a Hearing Officer's decision was
an opportunity to rewrite the Ordinance. The Ordinance contained language
regarding the appraisals to be performed and how they were to be
performed. The park owner amended the RIR to provide for an updated
appraisal. The park owner did not agree to an updated appraisal based upon


                                                                        Page 31 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
