                           TRANSCRIPT
Senator Hill: I think you raise an excellent point that I think we need to
watch. If that's the—I wasn't aware of that; I hadn't gotten into that detail.
I didn't know of that arrangement. I think the Legislature—in fact the Bay
Area legislative caucus, this has been a very strong conversation and right in
the forefront of looking at and a way in and to see where and how it's going
to play out. If it's going in a way that does what you're saying and we lose
representation around that, there will be a lot of voices (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, on the topics we've covered so far.

Council Member DuBois:      Yep.   Hi, Jerry.   Great to see you.        Thanks for
coming.

Senator Hill: Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I've personally been very interested in trenching
and seeing if we could really do something in really both parts—a connecting
trench in both Santa Clara and San Mateo County. I'm glad to hear you're
interested in that idea. I think it could really reshape Silicon Valley, the Mid-
Peninsula region. Like you said, you could potentially use those air rights. I
think the issue's just much bigger than just Palo Alto, and we need to look at
it that way and ideally tap into not just local funds but State and maybe
even Federal funds. I'd be really interested in talking to you about how you
get a huge project like that accomplished. It really is something that, I
think, you need to look at in like a 50-year, even 100-year kind of
timeframe. I appreciate your support on the Santa Clara County sales tax.
We'll see where that ends up. I actually just had one quick comment on
something you hadn't mentioned; it's not on your list. We're starting to see
a little bit of movement on the aircraft noise issue. Again, I know that's a
federal, FAA thing, but any support you can give us there as we kind of work
that issue would be appreciated.

Senator Hill: Have you been subject to the noise? I know Atherton with the
Surf Air issue, are those aircraft flying over Palo Alto as well?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, a ...

Senator Hill:     We had a meeting last week with their CEO and
representatives of San Mateo County, because Atherton was such a—it was
at San Carlos Airport. I think their goal is to work with the FAA and the
controllers at SFO, well, in the Bay Area. Because of the flight path and the
GPS that they have to—they claim they have to fly a straight approach every
time, and they can't deviate; whereas, everyone else seems to be able to
                                                                               Page 7 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
