                            MINUTES
Council Member Burt submitted the issue of completion of adoption of Core
Values. The question for the Council was whether to refer the topic to the
Policy and Services Committee for a recommendation or set it as a Council
Agenda Item.

Mayor Holman requested clarification of the type of action the Council could
take.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the Council could specify a method to
work on Core Values. A procedural question did not need to be agendized
again in the future.

Council Member Kniss seemed to recall the Policy and Services Committee
discussed Core Values. She would prefer the Policy and Services Committee
take up the discussion.

Council Member Burt wanted to defer the process to colleagues.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman that Staff schedule a Study Session, not to exceed one hour in
length, for Council Members to offer suggestions of Core Values prior to
referring completion of Core Values to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Berman suggested Council Members offer suggestions for
the Policy and Services Committee to discuss. Perhaps the Council should
have an Agenda Item to offer suggestions of Core Values.

Council Member Scharff recalled that the Policy and Services Committee
made a recommendation to the Council; however, the Council disagreed with
the recommended Core Values and sent it back to the Policy and Services
Committee. At that point, the discussion was dropped because of a lack of
consensus at the Policy and Services Committee. The full Council should
hold a discussion to set the groundwork.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Filseth that a Committee of the Whole discuss Core Values.

Council Member Filseth felt Core Values was sufficiently important for a
Council discussion.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether a Committee of the Whole could vote
on actions.

Mayor Holman answered yes.


                                                                         Page 19 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/31/2015
