                         TRANSCRIPT
action to save Buena Vista as a community for our neighbors who live there.
Thank you.

Gail Price: Good evening. My name is Gail Price. I'm speaking on behalf of
the Community Working Group Board in support of the Buena Vista
Mobilehome Park residents, their future and all actions needed to maintain
and upgrade affordable housing in Palo Alto. I'm also a neighbor and a
former School Board and City Council Member. The video illustrates your
considered and heart-felt comments. Palo Alto City Council has the power,
authority and responsibility to support the Buena Vista community and to
protect affordable housing.      You can demonstrate your leadership and
commitment to a fair and just outcome. Thank you to [Santa Clara County]
District 5 Supervisor Joe Simitian and his colleagues for the recent actions
on April 21st. They showed leadership, and they showed a commitment to
helping people. They identified processes and partners. They are in the
process of doing that to preserve and operate Buena Vista Mobilehome Park.
Events are quickly unfolding. The Council needs to move from rhetoric to
action. In anticipation of the results of the County's process to forge a
partnership and a solution, we recommend the following. One, last week the
County of Santa Clara added another $3.3 million for a total of $11.3 million
set aside for Buena Vista acquisition. The City should follow the County's
lead by allocating at least $3 million more as a match from the City's
Affordable Housing Fund in addition to the $8 million the City Manager has
already set aside. If a policy change is required to secure these additional
funds, then change the policy. The General Fund is also a potential source.
Two, approve and release soon any City funds set aside for the acquisition of
Buena Vista, preferably no later than May 26th, when you'll meet to ratify
your appeal hearing findings. Three, be prepared. Direct the appropriate
City Staff to do whatever advance work is necessary to ensure the City can
act quickly, if needed, if and when alternatives to closure materialize. Four,
to secure additional resources, the City Council should actively and publicly
support Supervisor Simitian's fundraising efforts by seeking out and
encouraging businesses, community members and relevant State and
Federal programs to help fund the preservation and upgrade of Buena Vista.
As our elected officials, your deliberations and actions must reflect your
commitment to Palo Alto residents, affordable housing and economic and
ethnic diversity, all that Buena Vista is and represents. You can oppose and
prevent displacement by taking action. Only by doing so, will you protect
Palo Alto's reputation as a caring community. Thank you.

Nicolas Martinez: Good evening. My name is Nicolas Martinez. I am
speaking on behalf of Buena Vista residents. We want to make sure that
Council Members are aware that Buena Vista residents are exploring all
possible options and are heavily relying on the Council and City of Palo Alto
                                                                         Page 18 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
