                          TRANSCRIPT
the Annual Holiday Open House. In addition to meeting artists in their
studios, visitors of all ages will have the opportunity to engage in art making
and participate in hands-on workshops. The Holiday Open House celebration
will feature drop-in tours and special teen MakeX exhibition also curated with
artists. Those of you who walk past Lytton Plaza will see that the holiday
tree is up in Lytton Plaza, yet unlit. The fifth annual Holiday Tree Lighting
will take place on Friday, December 4th, from 4:00 to 7:00 p.m. on Lytton
Plaza. This is always a fun family-centered event. We encourage folks to
come Downtown for that. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for all of that.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the agenda is Oral Communications. I
want to thank our friends at SEIU for coming back to speak at this time
under Oral Communications. With that, you'll each have three minutes. We
have 11 speakers at this point in time. We have Lynn Krug, to be followed
by Joseph Duran. If you would, when you hear your name called, if you
would come down to the front, that will help save us a lot of time and be
very efficient. Thank you. Welcome, Ms. Krug.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Palo Alto Council Members.
I'm Lynn Krug.      I'm the chapter chair of the SEIU unit of full-time
employees. We're here tonight to introduce ourselves again to you. We're
in negotiations now. We carry the institutional knowledge, the dedication to
service and the respect for the City and its residents. We are the face of
Palo Alto. We're the people that interact. We're the people that answer and
serve.    Ourselves and our families depend on these jobs, so we are
dedicated to our service to the City of Palo Alto. Tonight I'd like to read to
you a gentleman's speech who wasn't able to attend. We have public safety
dispatchers who are also part of our unit. I'm going to read on behalf of
Mark Chase. One of the most important functions of my job—this is Mark
speaking by the way. One of the most important functions of my job is
keeping the citizens and the visitors of Palo Alto safe and secure. The
dispatch center in Palo Alto provides a wide variety of services. We are the
dispatch center for Palo Alto Police and Stanford Department of Public
Safety. We also dispatch for the Palo Alto Fire Department and provide
medical dispatching instructions before paramedics arrive to the scene. We
can help a bystander give CPR, stop bleeding or deliver a child amongst
many other things. In addition, the dispatch center also provides 24-hour
dispatch services for the different Utility Departments throughout the City,
water, gas, wastewater and electric. Finally, we are the 24-hour dispatch
center for Palo Alto Animal Services which provides service for three local

                                                                            Page 25 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
