                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: That was the main reason I hit my light. The
Committee had five different small requests of Staff to look at modifying
what was presented to the Committee. To their credit, they went through
these, reconvened the Green Building Advisory Group, went through all of
these in just over a month. That's pretty fast work. I'm not sure that we
expected that you'd come to the full Council with resolution on all those.
That was very good. You'll see on Page 698 of the Packet the two additional
items that we've asked be evaluated going forward. We'll hear back next
year on those, I assume.

Mr. Pirnejad: That's correct.

Council Member Burt: Lots of good, hard work on this.

Council Member Scharff: I was going to make the motion. Go to the public.

Mayor Holman: No motions yet. Council Member Kniss, you're waiting?

Council Member Kniss: Council Member Scharff just did.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to second what Council Member
Burt said. I thank you for great work in turning it around so fast. I really
appreciate what Staff's done here.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I've got three questions, hopefully short.
First of all, the Tier 1, Tier 2 thing which looks to me like it's in Section
A4.106.9. Does that mean you can't have a lawn? How does that work?
It's the 25 percent, 10 percent thing.

Ms. Jacobsen: I think you're referring to the lawn measure.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, Page 707 of the Packet.

Ms. Jacobsen: Yes, I know which one you're referring to. The way that the
tiers work is that based on the scope of the project, Tier 1 or Tier 2 will be
triggered based on the scope. Tier 1 is for remodels over 1,000 square feet.
Tier 2 is for new construction. Within those tiers, you get to select a certain
number of measures that make sense for the project. In each category
specifically for water, there's 14 measures that you can choose from. That
turf item is one of them. You can choose that if it makes sense for the
project. We do have mandates for the actual efficiency of the overall Water
Budget. Each home or new construction project or renovation will need to
put together a Water Budget as a performance requirement. Based on the
square footage, how much landscape there is, the types of plantings that are
specified including the type of irrigation that's specified, the designer will get


04/20/2015                                                                117- 333
