                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt requested the Moffatt and Nichol team respond to his
question.

Mr. Grover explained that the design included a vertical separation; the
same mode separation utilized in the Homer Avenue underpass and the
Berkeley Bike Bridge. The mode separation was proven to be successful.

Council Member Burt asked if Mr. Grover meant a full separation was not
safer for cyclists and pedestrians.

Mr. Grover explained that a stopped rider in a segregated path blocked
traffic behind him.

Council Member Burt repeated his question.

Mr. Grover felt creating a barrier between the separation was a possible
hazard.

Council Member Burt noted safety and hazard elements relating to a full
separation, and asked if there was a net effect from those elements.

Mr. Grover advised that best practices indicated a wider path integrating
mode separation, striping, and signage.

Council Member Burt requested the width of the two designs.

Elizabeth Ames, Project Manager, reported both designs could offer an 18
foot wide facility and said the HNTB clearly provided an 18 foot design. She
requested the Moffatt and Nichol team verify the width of their design.

Mr. Grover indicated his design provided a six foot sidewalk and two bike
lines, five feet wide each, along with shy distance. The total width was
approximately 18 feet.

Council Member Burt requested clarification of the width of the design.

Mr. Grover explained that shy distance was the additional distance next to a
barrier. The two lanes, sidewalk, and shy distance totaled 18 feet.

Mr. Carson clarified that the width along the mode separation totaled 19
feet. Both curves were wider by nine feet along the inner radius and 12 feet
along the outer radius. Over the freeway, the width was 22 feet.

Council Member Burt inquired about validation of costs, and mechanisms
that ensured a cost overrun did not occur.



03/16/2015                                                            117- 106
