                          TRANSCRIPT

are we looking at to make sure that rather than it being just up to the
employee to decide whether to purchase or not, that the business could
purchase a chunk and then pass them around, especially for businesses that
have employees working different shifts. Anything you want to tell us about
that or any thoughts to consider or should I just leave it out there for future
discussion?

Ms. Sullivan: I think you're thinking about all the same things we are. I
think the question is just how do we most effectively implement it. One of
the reasons we want to move forward with a sort of larger parking analysis
is because we tend to look at things sort of piecemeal. Our focus here is
really to look at this as an ecosystem. We're selling several types of permits
now. We've got permits for garages and permits for the neighborhood. We
want to look at how those permits kind of work together to create the
ecosystem that we're looking for. All of this is really good feedback and
fodder for kind of moving that discussion forward and making some changes
in how we manage the permits at the garages.

Council Member Wolbach: I see that my time is up. If the Mayor will yield
me one additional minute, I think I can wrap up all of my comments. I'll
make it quick. Regarding the TMA's communication with private point-to-
point transit providers such Uber and Lyft, I'd also suggest that you might
want to talk to VTA that is implementing a pilot dynamic transit service in
the Tasman area in San Jose. They're considering other potential pilot
locations. We might want to talk to them about whether that would be
something to consider. Just another option to keep on the table. Also I
really want to say thank you for the five-year shuttle plan that's coming up.
I would strongly encourage communicating with Stanford, VTA, Palo Alto
Unified School District, the TMA and businesses both in and adjacent to Palo
Alto, including the one that was mentioned earlier that turned down the one
shuttle option. I think it's important to bring all of these parties together,
have them all be stakeholders in a long-range plan so that we can
coordinate, share resources and maybe even consider merging our efforts
into a singular effort. The last comment is I tend to think that the full word
"parking" is better than just a "P," particularly for out of town or out of
country visitors looking for parking. Thanks.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much, and thank you to Staff for
a lot of the hard work that you've done. Let me just say I agree with
probably 90 percent of my colleagues' comments. I'll try not to repeat them
all. I think Council Member Schmid's absolutely right that we've gotten a lot
of work done in the policy approval and planning phases over the last 2 1/2
                                                                        Page 18 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
