                          TRASNCRIPT
Advisory Commission meets bimonthly, and they review the dashboard on
user behaviors and statistical information. The California State Library
requests additional data from us annually in the fall after their budget cycle
closes. We've got multiple times during the year when we need to provide
different bits of information, often very similar but not always. I wanted to
also point out that at places you have this year's draft version of our annual
statistics, how the Library has served you. As you look through it, you'll
notice that the two larger libraries were of course closed for periods of time.
Use and attendance have both gone up dramatically as well as using
meeting rooms, things like that. This all fed into the process that we had
with the Staff.

Ms. Light: We began by thinking about a vision and had a great discussion;
decided that we wanted to think about a vision for what kind of city the
Library Staff felt Palo Alto should be, not really what kind of Library the City
should have; and came up with the vision that the City should be a
flourishing city where people achieve their dreams; and then developed a
mission statement from that which, in honor of my dearly departed mother,
I should say we recognize very much was grammatically interesting because
it starts out with a statement that the Library connects and strengthens the
diverse through knowledge, resources and opportunities, and then we
switched to the personal, we inspire and nurture innovation, discovery and
delight. Allowing discussion of that, people felt very strongly that that "we"
part was the passionate feelings that the Staff personally carry about what
kind of role they play in making the institution a viable and exciting one. We
reviewed the City values because, of course, those are the primary values
that the Staff lives with every day, but then went on to consider whether
there were some specific Library values that reflect the profession or the
residents of Palo Alto or this department, and came out with four. One is
access, providing free and open access. One was risk taking, challenging
the norm we set. Community building, fostering an engaged community.
Finally, embracing differences with diversity. Those became the kind of
baseline part of this Plan.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Which then led us into the goals that we wanted to
achieve. I'm not going to, thankfully I'm sure, read the PowerPoint, but I
am going to point out each goal, because I think they're important.
Certainly we thought a lot about what we wanted to achieve, to follow our
mission and meet that vision. Goal A is to create a variety of opportunities
for learning and to provide effective tools for improving all types of literacy.
One of the advantages of having been in these multiple locations during the
construction has been the opportunity to experiment with different things,
such as lending Chromebooks, making different technologies available,
working on the MakerSpace, all of that. The various strategies are listed
                                                                          Page 3 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
