                         TRANSCRIPT
responsibility of APWA. In the first phase, which is called self-assessment,
we identified all the various accreditation practice standards that APWA has
developed and that are applicable to Palo Alto and gathered documentation
we have that demonstrates how we both implement and comply with each
standard. The second phase is the application phase, which essentially
involves the submittal of a formal application for accreditation to APWA. The
third phase is referred to as the improvement phase.                During the
improvement phrase, we evaluate how well we are currently complying with
each practice standard. For those for which we determine that we are
deficient, we identify what actions are required to become compliant with
the standard. This could involve drafting a policy or a procedure that is new
or simply modifying an existing activity that we perform. This is about
where we're at in the overall status of the process. The fourth phase is the
evaluation phase. This is akin to an audit on steroids. During the evaluation
phase, a team of public works professionals assembled by APWA will visit
Palo Alto for several days to conduct a peer review of our department and of
the documentation we've assembled and determine whether we are either in
full or substantial compliance with each and every practice standard
applicable to Palo Alto. The results of the peer review will then be used to
determine whether we've met the standard for accreditation. Lastly, the
final phase, the accreditation phase is when APWA formally grants
accreditation to the City. Our accreditation process began in late 2012 and
is expected to be completed in 2015, later this year. This is a fairly standard
length of time which again demonstrates the level of effort and commitment
to this process. A little bit more about these practice standards. There are
593 that are divided into 39 chapters. There's 377 that are applicable to
Palo Alto. These represent industry best practices developed by technical
committees formed by APWA. They're updated every three years. Here's a
couple of examples of practice standards. The first one deals with how we
communicate with media when required.               The second deals with
environmental compliance of airport operations.          The actual practice
standard is what's in the blue text. The notes below the blue text are
guidance that's provided by APWA to help interpret the standards. This
chart shows the percentage of practice standards that fall within each
functional division within the Public Works Department. This table shows the
results of our self-assessment.       Of the 377 practice standards, we've
determined that we are in full or substantial compliance with 312 of them,
and there are 65 for which we're in partial or non-compliance. Those are the
ones that we're working on during the improvement phase. Overall, 83
percent full or substantial compliance and 17 percent non-compliance. What
are some of the issues we've uncovered in self-assessment with our
compliance documentation? In some instances, too much documentation
was provided, and we have to cull through that and pick out what's relevant.
In some instances we've been able to demonstrate what we do, but not
                                                                          Page 8 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
