                         TRANSCRIPT
someone made the case of here's a list of every PC from 1990 and what the
context was. I looked through my materials and I don't think I had that.
That would have been very helpful to have to assess the past and to see
when they were done, how many units were added, so you could look
around town and say, "That's a PC." Not having that, I found, is a missing
element. One of the key things the Council asked for was that the PCs be
consistent with the Comp Plan in place at the time. Since we are just
starting our Comp Plan discussions, it is hard to assess where we will be and
what Comp Plan we're going to be consistent with. Just as an example, I
would find it hard to vote for a PC without knowing how L-8, land use,
comes out in the Comp Plan. Number 4, I think in the few PCs I've dealt
with an issue is always negotiation. The Council has the problem of sitting
at a negotiating table where on the other side of the table are lawyers and
economists and business people with 30 years experience. We come,
spending most of our time on parks and recreation and budgets and City
personnel and Staff and so on. It's an uneven balance. I would think if we
do go to a PC Ordinance, the starting point really should be the first element
of the value of the benefit to the developer, so that we know right off the bat
what type of funds we're talking about that's available to the developer and
to put a context on the public benefit that's needed. Finally, the last item is
just enforcement. As people have pointed out, we've had a hard time
enforcing the PC. The only one that I see as really effective was the College
Terrace where finally we said the fine would be, what is it? $2,000 a day,
which was the full value of the property that was supposed to be a public
benefit if it was used at its maximum beneficial use by the developer.
Something like that right up front would put a context on what we're talking
about and what the negotiations would be about. I think right now we're not
in the position to be talking about PCs. If we do come back to it, those are
some of the elements that I would look for.

Council Member Wolbach: I think everybody here knows that I'm deeply
concerned about the lack of affordable housing in Palo Alto. I think as a
number of my colleagues have pointed out, there may be other and better
ways to get affordable housing in Palo Alto than through the PC process. I
used to be pretty clearly opposed to the PC and advocated eliminating it
entirely. I'm not sure if I'm at that point right now. I think it is okay for
people to change their views over time, if they're exposed to new arguments
or new evidence. I've moved from a hard opposed to a tentatively opposed
position on PCs. I probably would not support a motion tonight to eliminate
them entirely, but I'll listen to the arguments when motions start coming up.
Just a couple of other things for comments for consideration before we get
to motions. Some of the things that really stand out to me that we really
need to think about, just fundamental issues with anything when it comes to
zoning. First question, is zoning a jacket or is it a straightjacket? You could
                                                                         Page 65 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
