                            MINUTES
Council Member Scharff suggested the Council defer meeting management
issues, because he was not sure how the Council could discuss topics and
refer them to the Policy and Services Committee in the remaining time
allotted.

Mayor Holman asked if the Council was willing to remain past the ending
time to decide topics to refer to the Policy and Services Committee.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council discuss a Committee of the
Whole meeting as a follow-up to the Retreat, and then determine which
topics should be referred to which Committee.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer all meeting management items to a Committee of the Whole.

Mr. Keene added that the Council could decide to refer topics to the Policy
and Services Committee at the Committee of the Whole meeting.

Council Member Burt reported the City Manager raised the concept of a
Committee of the Whole. A Committee of the Whole meeting was similar to
a Study Session and would be a useful forum for the Council.

Mayor Holman requested the City Manager and Council Members provide
topics for a Committee of the Whole discussion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Kniss for the Retreat to continue for 30 minutes.

Mayor Holman noted Council Member Scharff had to leave the Retreat.
Given the amount of discussion, she did not believe the Council could
accomplish much in 30 minutes.

Council Member DuBois felt a few items could be accomplished in 30
minutes.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council discuss topics, but not take a
vote if the Retreat continued.

Mayor Holman inquired whether Staff could remain.

Mr. Keene could respond to Council questions if Staff had to leave the
meeting.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 6-3 Berman, Filseth, Scharff no

Council Member Scharff left the meeting at 1:57 P.M.
                                                                      Page 24 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
