                          TRANSCRIPT
not requiring full depth of retail for the entire depth of the parcel, we at the
same time don't start just shrinking the effective retail. I don't know where
that balance is. Jonathan, have you looked at what seems appropriate in
that regard?

Mr. Lait: Not with respect to the precise percentage. Part of this was
guided by the commenter's letter, who's also a real estate broker I believe.
I think the suggestion of the back half kind of came from that. Barring any
other information, that was kind of a starting place. I will add though that
on Cambridge, there really isn't a lot of retail now. Unlike Downtown where
you might be taking away, on Cambridge what we're trying to do is add
more. I don't know that it's—I just throw that out there as a possibility.

Council Member Burt: I don't have perfect answers. I know that Larry's
shop, the front half is a barbershop and in the same open space, the back
half is a salon. It goes, I think, all the way to the back of the parcel. That's
actually one of the tenants in the very parcel that Mr. Pierce was talking
about. Next door to it, in the same parcel is office space and not retail.
Would we come out ahead if we required all the storefront to a given depth
be retail and we allowed office at the back? Perhaps. I will say that in that
very building we see examples of where retail all the way to the back works.
Maybe not the highest revenue for the building owner, but it works. On the
other hand, maybe we've got an example also where the retailers would do
better by all having street-facing. I don't want to see it like we have at 250
Cal. Ave., where it's 60 percent of the former retail has been hollowed out. I
think that covers my questions and comments for now. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First of all, I just want to frame my questions and
my thoughts by saying I think that actually—I was looking back over our
original motion. Eating a little bit of humble pie, I think Staff and PTC did a
really good job with what we gave them. It wasn't the shortest, simplest
motion ever. I commend that work. I think that now that it's come back to
us, I think we definitely have some questions, and I'm glad we're having this
discussion. I don't want to say I'm getting cold feet on the general concept,
but there are definitely some tricks and some nuances. I'm kind of inclined
to look for ways we can make sure we're doing this conservatively, not
putting ourselves in a case of having some unintended consequences. I had
some friends and family and a couple of constituents contact me today,
saying, "Sorry, we're ahead of this issue, but I'm worried about losing our
hair salons." I'm thinking about I actually go to a dentist on Cambridge, and
I want to make sure this doesn't—that we're not going to force out any of
the businesses that are there. I want to make sure that all the existing

                                                                         Page 48 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
