                          TRANSCRIPT
and they're coming off the freeway, picking up and getting back on the
freeway. They need various points where they can stop along the way. We
did write in the report that it would be good if VTA, Caltrans and San Mateo
County would work to see if there's other places. Its' not something the
County can do, because we just do the expressways. We do think it needs
to be looked at.

Mayor Holman: The round-abouts. Your indication was it takes a lot of real
estate. The lane widenings do too. If we can widen lanes, we can create
round-abouts and use them to the greatest effect possible. I'm not a fan of
eliminating LOS. I appreciate the time that it takes to travel a roadway. I
appreciate travel times as part of the measurement for how we move
people. LOS in concert with that is a meaningful way to measure traffic.
LOS is a real thing, and it is where pollution happens, as cars are stopped
and idling. I'm not in favor of using one versus the other; I'm in favor of
using both.

Ms. Cameron:          As we've said, we're accepting comments through
August 7th. If you choose to put it on your agenda to take any kind of
official position for the City of Palo Alto, we welcome that as well. We leave
that as your choice.

Mayor Holman: Our typical process is something like this would go to the
Planning Commission and then come to Council. We're doing it absolutely
backwards.   We won't have the advantage of Planning Commissioner
comments for this.

Council Member Wolbach: We're not going to be taking up consideration of
this until August 17 in context with other projects that might be part of the
ballot measure. You need comments by August 7th. How are we going to
get that to work?

Ms. Cameron: We will work with that and we'll consider any action you take
August 17th.

Mr. Keene: We will be focusing on the project submissions that we would be
submitting to VTA and not directly related, at this point, to a ballot measure.
Just so we're clear.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: I'm aware of none.




                                                                         Page 27 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
