                             MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, noted Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City
Attorney, provided a supplemental memorandum to the Council.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the Council needed to amend the
original PC Zoning Ordinance to state affordable senior housing.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney, did not believe the PC Ordinance
needed an amendment. Staff requested an interpretation that the project as
stated fell within the definition of the PC Ordinance. Staff recommended the
Council direct Staff to work with the Applicant regarding the zoning
compliance letter to clarify that affordability would continue for the project.

Council Member DuBois inquired about the length of the affordability
requirement.

Ms. Silver explained that the PC Ordinance did not require affordability.
Prospectively affordability would be required through deed restrictions.
Several layers of deed restrictions would apply and had different terms.

Council Member DuBois asked if deed restrictions were associated with
loans.

Ms. Silver responded loans, tax credits, and various items.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether amending the underlying PC
Zoning Ordinance would disrupt financing.

Ms. Silver suggested the Applicant address that question. Staff would advise
amending the PC Ordinance concurrent with financing so as not to delay the
compliance letter.

Council Member Burt asked if the Council could substitute non-profit for
affordable as the two terms would have the same meaning.

Ms. Silver clarified that the recommendation was not a substitution but an
interpretation of the PC Ordinance. When the PC Ordinance was adopted,
the ownership entity of the project was a non-profit organization, and the
project was operated as an affordable housing project. The situation would
remain the same under the current ownership structure; however, the
project would not be owned by a non-profit organization. Staff viewed the
item as a zoning interpretation as opposed to formally requiring a Zoning
Amendment.

Council Member Burt recalled concerns were that Palo Alto Senior Housing
Project, Inc. (PASHPI) hired a new management company that terminated
most if not all staff, then hired some back as temporary workers without
03/09/2015                                                              117- 73
