                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: It's important to remember that in the first half of
this item we already gave some more specific guidance on one aspect of the
single-story overlays. Trying to be too prescriptive tonight toward the Comp
Plan discussion is a mistake.

Council Member Kniss: Council Member Burt just said it.

Council Member Wolbach: To Staff. Between these two, which provides or
do either provide the necessary level of clarity for you to move forward with
this as useful input to the Comp Plan discussion?

Mr. Keene: Whichever one gets the fastest majority vote.

Council Member Wolbach: All right. I'll retract my motion then. That's fine.

Mr. Keene: This is not the last conversation you're going to have on this
subject. You will be informing the Comp Plan process off and on over the
next 18 months.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, can pull my motion off.

Mayor Holman: We're addressing the substitute motion now. Council
Member Burt, one question for you as maker of this. Explore giving
neighborhoods the option to institute overlays. That's clear enough for
Staff, but you did make a comment earlier about this isn't just
neighborhoods. The City could do that as well. Did I understand your
comment earlier? I don't want to put words in your mouth.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I would say "explore opportunities to institute
overlays." That would allow for neighborhood initiatives or City initiatives.

Mayor Holman:     That's fair.   Council Member Kniss as seconder, are you
okay with that?

Council Member Kniss: Unless we're going to get the thesaurus out, that's
fine.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm hesitantly going to be supporting this. I
would warn against, in the future for all of us to be careful about imposing
overlays on neighborhoods from City Hall rather than listening to
neighborhoods as the starting point.

Vice Mayor Schmid: A couple of people mentioned making sure that this is
broad. What we've done is define it in terms of overlays and protections.
The City Manager said earlier, "There's a more general question of
neighborhood quality." Neighborhoods are interested not just in overlays,
                                                                        Page 64 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
