                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It was supposed to be the same thing.

Council Member Burt: The language that was—yes, that's the language
we're considering. (inaudible) No, that the application was submitted in
2013 or '14 and is now complete. On the impact of that, we have about
44,000 square feet of projects that, if I read it right, would be in that
category. The Research Park things are excluded either way. That's a
reasonable number. These are projects that have been one to two years
after they had applied, and the total impact would be less than our annual
cap.

Council Member Kniss: You've convinced me. I'm ready to vote.

Mayor Holman: How could the impact be less than our annual cap?

Council Member Burt: They add up to about 44,000.

Mayor Holman: You're looking at 1, 2, 3, 4.

Council Member Burt: Wait just a second. I don't know what you mean by
1, 2, 3, 4.

Mayor Holman: The first four on the list.

Council Member Burt:      No, because the application is incomplete on
Numbers 3 and 4.

Mayor Holman: Director Gitelman indicated those two are complete.

Council Member Burt: Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. If you remember this table was produced as of March
31st. I don't know the status of everything on this list, but I do know that
2747 Park and 3045 Park applications are complete currently.

Council Member Burt: Sorry. That's a big difference.

Mayor Holman: That changes the complexion. Even though the applications
are complete, we don't have square footages assigned to 1450 Page Mill,
1050 Page Mill or 3877 El Camino.

Council Member Burt: The Page Mill ones are Research Park. We do have
net square feet other—okay. Either way, they're Research Park. They're
outside the (crosstalk). With that number, I'm afraid I cannot support it.

Mayor Holman: That's what Eric and I have been saying.

                                                                     Page 96 of 145
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/15/15
