                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: There was about—I'm going to get it wrong. I'm sorry. I'm
not going to guess. I have to look back at my notes. About 25 million back
in the '90s.

Council Member Scharff: That was my recollection.

Ms. Gitelman: Since then we've added 1.-something.

Council Member Scharff: We have what, 66,000 housing units or something
like that? Maybe even less.

Council Member Berman: No 24.

Ms. Gitelman: Less than that.

Council Member Scharff: 24,000. To move that jobs/housing imbalance by
any real metric that you would say goes from 3.1 to 3.0, you'd have to
provide too many housing units that would make it too large a project.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to respond to Council Member Burt's
commentary. I am completely persuaded. He is exactly right. This is the
process that we're trying to achieve with the competition, to try to foster
these things. Rather than us trying to design these things by exemption
ourselves, we unleash the creativity of the development community to try to
do better and better projects. I'm completely persuaded by that. That's the
right mechanism. We don't have this ordinance yet, and we're already
putting exemptions and loopholes in it at this point. It's too soon. Council
Member Burt's right about the process. It's designed to do this and will do it
better than us trying to engineer it up here. As far as reducing the
jobs/housing balance, we've got about 90,000 jobs in the City and 27,000
housing units or something like that. We won't make a significant change to
that in one year. Over a period of decades, we will. How we do that
depends on our policies. It does matter.

Council Member Kniss: I'm thinking of two things. The jobs/housing
imbalance is something we've discussed for so long that, in many ways, I'm
not sure that you can attack it like this or in any way that's an easy way to
do it. We may look at 90,000 jobs. Since our Business Registry has hit a
little bump in the road, I'm not sure that that's going to give us the answer
we want right away. In a lot of those dwelling units, more than one worker
is working. I know from hearing about the high rents, that frequently in the
rentals now are two or three people who are working. Whether they're
working in the City or not, I don't know. This is still somewhat amorphous.
I would call out some projects that have gone in that are good examples of
this. On the old PAMF site, there is housing. As far as I know, it's fully
                                                                       Page 71 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
