                         TRANSCRIPT
different things tonight—this has exceeded the height limit.         Agreed?
According to your report, this has exceeded the height limit. The height
limit is 37 feet, somewhere—we're not sure where—we're somewhere north
of 51 feet. It has exceeded the height limit. We've played around with it,
but there's really no question. Whether or not those towers add visual
interest, as I said it's very subjective. There's another aspect of this too,
which talks about us being able to find aspects of this that are of benefit to
the community. Are there some benefits to the community that I'm not
seeing right upfront? You have that included in this. Several people have
mentioned it tonight. The applicant in this case has the ability at any point
to put in something that is within the zoning. Right now this is getting into
this murky DEE area. As Council Member Burt said earlier, the DEE is very
interpretable. Am I wrong on that assumption?

Mr. Lait: There's broad discretion for the City Council to determine whether
the design enhancements that are being sought meet the objectives of the
Code, be it a minor deviation from the standards or enhancing the design in
some way. I want to distinguish the design enhancement from what you're
talking about with the Statement of Overriding Considerations and the
benefits conversation. If you take the DEE ...

Council Member Kniss: They're two different things, agreed.

Mr. Lait: Right.

Council Member Kniss:      I wondered what had been found as these
community benefits that could or could not be there.

Mr. Lait:    The benefits that are provided for the Council for its
consideration—this relates to the removal of the historic resources only, not
the DEE—are provided for in the CEQA findings. That's why I wanted to
make the distinction. You talked about the property owner being able to
build a Code-compliant project. We would still be here before the City
Council with the EIR and the need to adopt the Statement of Overriding
Considerations to demolish the building that's there.

Council Member Kniss: I hear that clearly, right.

Mr. Lait: On packet page 351 are some draft benefits that have been
identified. They relate to—do you want me to go over them?

Council Member Kniss: No, I don't think you need to. In the interest of time
at this point, we can see which of us are heading in a certain direction and
why. I appreciate those answers.

                                                                       Page 81 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
