                         TRANSCRIPT
Please do not allow business interests to override our residential quality of
life.   During the discussion of the Business Registry program, Council
Member Wolbach said that the law is the law and not a recommendation.
Therefore, I would urge that same rationale be applied to the constant
contravention of the law in favor of upzoning that has plagued our City.
Developers—I'm sure excepting the Pollock family—are becoming the enfant
terrible. They have been gorging themselves on exemptions and public
benefit buffets. I request that you do your duty to reign in these baby
Godzillas and enforce the timeout on PCs that you have so prudently set.
Thank you for very much for your attention this evening.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. The next speaker is Genaro Diaz to be followed
by Rex Dwyer.

Genaro Diaz: Good evening, distinguished Council Members and Staff. Hi,
I'm Genaro Diaz, a field representative representing Carpenters Local 405
here in Santa Clara County. At this present time, I stand before you
representing 33,000 carpenters in north California. Of those, 6,000 roughly
reside here in Santa Clara County. Many of those which are here tonight live
in the surrounding cities such as East Palo Alto. The members that reside in
the surrounding area are always appreciative of the opportunity to work on a
project that leads to a career path and head of household job for their
family. Many of our members and members of your surrounding community
are young apprentices that want a chance to work in Palo Alto. The project
that the Pollock Financial Group is proposing is a great project considering
the size and nature of the lot. The intersection of El Camino Real and Page
Mill is a vital gateway into Palo Alto and deserves a building with beautiful
characteristics that complement the area at which one is at hand. The issue
of more housing is not only a Palo Alto concern but a Bay Area wide concern
that has no easy and short-term solution. Considering the good intent of a
well-rounded project that has commercial office and some residential is a
progressive step forward. In conclusion I would ask that you support this
developer and general contractor that want to put local men and women to
work. Thank you, Council Members, for your time and opportunity to speak.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all for coming this evening. Our next speaker is
Rex Dwyer to be followed by Nester Siguenza.

Rex Dwyer: Hello, I'm Rex Dwyer, and I got my first summer job here in
'86, worked at 1501 Page Mill Road, HP. I've been living in Palo Alto all
28 years except for seven I was in Menlo Park across the creek. I'm a
person that drives around in El Camino and Page Mill all the time. I frequent
California Avenue businesses, restaurants, grocery stores, wine shops. I like
the building; I think it fits. I'd like to put my urging that you say yes;

                                                                      Page 48 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
