                          TRANSCRIPT
Google markets. They've announced that they will do so here, but they
don't commit to comprehensive build-out. We would certainly expect that
they'll build where they can make the most money, and that the City would
have frankly very little control over where they do build.       Certainly
understand your concerns about that.

Council Member DuBois: I had a quick conversation, and it sounded like
they were looking at 23 locations, at about 200 homes per location. That's
the only people that could get AT&T. Have you seen any timing and pricing
for Comcast in Palo Alto? I mean, they're not very clear in terms of where
they're going to offer it.

Ms. Hovis: In other markets, we have seen Comcast higher-end products in
the 100-150 range. They're now starting to talk about 2 gigabit products in
the $300 range. That will probably change. I mean, you don't yet have a
truly competitive market here.        Although frankly, even three wireline
providers is not an incredibly competitive market. It's just much more
competitive than anything we've seen in the broadband era. I mean, I think
it is very reasonable to expect that if Google chooses to build in Palo Alto,
you will see a direct competitive response from Comcast and AT&T. They're
not going to sit back and let that market be taken from them. If Google
chooses not to build here, it's probably a whole different scenario. They
don't have to compete in the same way. They will probably—I have no
inside information on this, but my anticipation, my expectation would be that
they will target their resources to markets where there is competition.
That's why a lot of cities where there's no prospect of Google competing look
for other private partners or build themselves.

Council Member DuBois: There seemed to be a little bit of a—I don't know—
divergence within your report. It seemed like, on the one hand, you were
recommending more of what the ting model is, with maybe the City owning
fiber and looking at a private partnership for the electronics and the service.
Then the financial analysis was like a total City Staff build-out. That seemed
to be like the most expensive option that was priced out.

Ms. Hovis: Go ahead.

Mr. Asp: On the retail model that we presented, we used as a placeholder
saying—one of the things we were asked was to take a look at what it would
take to take a look at a retail model like that. That's kind of a baseline
number, and then we're able to kind of show where all the different expense


                                                                        Page 26 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
