                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: I think we've done land uses and exceptions unless I
missed something.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach has an exemption, I think.

Council Member Wolbach: We're trying to build a consensus and do these
one at a time. Still continuing with land uses and exemptions. What I
referred to earlier, self-mitigating projects. I'd move that exempt from the
annual office cap would be self-mitigating projects which provide sufficient
rental housing such that the jobs/housing balance would improve and which
also provides substantial Transportation Demand Management plans
individually or in cooperation with others to offset traffic and parking
impacts.

Council Member Berman: I'll second (inaudible).

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to exempt from the Development Cap, self-mitigating projects;
projects providing sufficient rental housing such that the job/housing
balance would improve, and which would also provide substantial
Transportation Demand Management plans (individually or in cooperation
with others).

Council Member Berman: My only reservation has to do with the rental
housing. I'd ask the maker to explain a little more why he's carving out
rental housing and not any housing. We have a deficit of any housing. If he
wants to reply, that'd be great and then I'll keep going with my comments.

Council Member Wolbach: I agree that we have a deficit of housing in
general. Rental housing is more fluid than ownership housing. If what we're
talking about is the jobs/housing imbalance and trying to bring that back
from insane to severe, rental housing provides a better opportunity for
workers locally to live locally. Somebody who is renting is a bit more fluid
and mobile in their housing; thus, more able to find housing here or to move
somewhere closer to their job. It's just (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: I don't disagree with any of that, so I'll go along.
We need more ownership housing also. For purposes of trying to get some
consensus on this, I do agree that we have a lack of all housing in Palo Alto
and in Silicon Valley on the whole.        The reason I support this is a
development cap—this was mentioned by a lot of public speakers tonight—is
a blunt tool. This is a way to use the blunt tool to our advantage by offering
an opportunity for developers to develop projects that will benefit the
                                                                       Page 66 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
