                           TRANSCRIPT
Or is its reference, whether it's a mandatory compliance or not, still
constituting consistency with the Comp Plan?

Ms. Silver: Thank you, Council Member Burt. Typically what we would like
to see with these types of policies, and the Comp Plan has several different
policies similar to this that reference other guidance documents, is the
decision is informed by those guidance documents.            The guidance
documents tend to be more policy-oriented. They perhaps contain more
subjective, interpretative-type of language, so we would expect the decision
makers to consult with those policy documents and have those policy
documents inform their decisions.

Council Member Burt:       If I, as a policymaker, am going to look at
consistency in the Comp Plan, is it fair and appropriate for me to include the
document that the Comp Plan references, the Downtown Urban Design
Guidelines, as part of my determination of consistency?

Ms. Silver: Yes, to the extent that those Urban Design Guidelines would
help you make the decision on consistency.

Council Member Burt: Good. This project didn't have Historic Resources
Board (HRB) review. Yet, the Applicant had reports from an historic expert.
Was that expert selected by our Staff or the Applicant or who determines
who that expert is?

Mr. Lait: For the historic analysis, that was prepared by the Applicant. We
had that peer reviewed as part of our environmental analysis.

Council Member Burt: It hit the threshold of having this historic analysis.
I'll say also that in these Urban Design Guidelines, it says, referring to the
Kipling district, "Both districts contain significant historic architecture and
development patterns.       The Palo Alto Historic Resources Board is an
important resource in consulting for future development of these areas." It
doesn't state explicitly that any project here must go before the HRB. Here
we have this guidance, and we have a trigger of a historic compatibility
report, but it never went to the HRB. Why is that?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. I should mention that we
did find reference to the Kipling sub-district in our Staff Report that went to
the ARB. The page I have right here is a different packet reference. There
was a paragraph presented to the ARB talking about this specific issue of the
Kipling district. With regard to the historic resources report, the primary
issue evaluated was the significance of the buildings on the site itself. To
the extent it talked about compatibility, it talked about whether there was a
district or a potential historic district in the area. If this is an area where the
                                                                           Page 58 of 105
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/04/15
