                         TRANSCRIPT
do with reducing greenhouse gases or our impact on the global climate. This
has to do with us preparing for what effect that will have on us. That's
where I think it's important to have the CAC delving into that.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights, so it looks like we're ready to vote on
the goals for the Natural Resources Element. That passes unanimously with
five Council Members participating, with Council Members Berman, Scharff,
Burt and Kniss absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: What that then, if Council Members and Staff are confident
that we have covered the Safety Element, we'll go to Business & Economics
chapter. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On the Safety, included in the Safety would be Goal N-
10. I would add a policy N-52A. N-52 is in a flood hazard area, but only
talks about development restraints. I would propose an N-52A policy to
support regional efforts on improved Bay levees.

Mayor Holman: A comment from Staff before we look for a second maybe.
We're on Safety. I'll second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to add to
Goal N-10 (Natural Hazards), a Policy N-52A, Support Regional Efforts on
Improving Bay Levees.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a word on this. There are a number of regional
efforts ongoing. They're based on the salt ponds, federally protected.
They're trying to generate revenue for that. It turns out Palo Alto has no
salt ponds, because we've always protected our Baylands. We are not
involved in those regional bodies. I think both Mountain View and Sunnyvale
have voted City funds to help support that effort and move ahead. I think
this is just a message that we would like Palo Alto to join in those regional
efforts.

Mayor Holman: I cleared the lights. Do we have any comments on this
Motion? Council Member Wolbach, I see you reaching.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to be clear. It sounds like we're
moving into discussion of the Safety Element and direction to Staff on that.
Do we want to do that before moving on then to (crosstalk)?

Mayor Holman: I thought we had ...


                                                                       Page 61 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
