                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Berman: Just to refresh my memory. Did we analyze
trenching Caltrain through Churchill as well or was that not ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm afraid I'm going to have to go back to the whole study.

Council Member DuBois: I have the report here. It was 33 homes.

Council Member Berman: With this?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Council Member Berman: That just further emphasizes why I don't think
this is the right process, and why there should be large amounts of money
for certain general efforts that would be determined project-by-project later
on. I also think, to Council Member DuBois' point, we need to have the
follow-up conversation to that conversation we had.         Council Member
DuBois, do you know what was the date of that Staff Report?

Council Member DuBois: It was December last year I think.

Council Member Berman: I think we need to come up with a City policy on
what our plan is, and then really start attacking it. I agree that last
mile/first mile, whatever that really means, is an area in Palo Alto and across
the county that should get a lot more attention and a lot more resources.
That was further emphasized by the study that we saw earlier. I was
looking at that. We've got the statistics. It says among the 50 percent of
single occupancy vehicle drivers who would prefer not to drive but feel they
have no other good options, 59 percent said they would take transit if it was
easier to get to a stop. You also need more frequency and a better schedule
to support that. That just shows that there is willingness, there is interest.
It's just they need the ability to get to the stop and to get from the stop to
work. I think those are for the most part the comments that I had for now.
I agree with prioritizing. Given the rules that exist, I guess I'm okay with us
submitting the list of projects, but I really think that we should push back on
the fact that this is not the best process.

Council Member Filseth: I think per se for us here, I think, rail separation
including trenching as one option to that, I would lean towards that as a top
priority as well. All of us have this discomfort about what you described as
the process, which is that if we submit a list of projects to VTA by the end of
the month, are we inherently buying into a flawed process that's loaded
against us. I think we're all sort of grappling with that. I think we owe a
debt of gratitude to Joe Simitian for his analysis on this. If I do my
                                                                        Page 88 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
