                         TRANSCRIPT
Council went into Closed Session at 5:32 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:03 P.M.

Mayor Holman: In regards to Item Number 1, our Closed Session, the
Council did vote to settle the matter in the case of Joanne Jacobs v. City of
Palo Alto in the amount of $40,000.00.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Presentation of Proclamation to Midpen Media Center Honoring the
     Center's 25th Anniversary.

Mayor Holman: We have a presentation of a Proclamation to Midpen Media
Center honoring the Center's 25th anniversary. Council Member Burt has
elected to read the Proclamation.

Council Member Burt read the Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Holman: Congratulations. I know Council Member DuBois and I and
maybe some others, because we may have staggered our time there, but we
both attended the event and found it to be a great community event. The
way you have included teens and young people in the programming there
and in the training there—I met two Palo Alto High School students, one of
whom is already teaching others.      Really, quite an amazing support
mechanism that you have there. We really appreciate how you help us get
our public meetings to the public. Council Member DuBois, would you care
to make comments?

Council Member DuBois: I don't have much to add. It's a great place. It
was really great spending my Sunday afternoon there, seeing the
immigration project, also looked like a really great thing. Thank you, guys,
and really appreciate what you guys do.

Mayor Holman:      Anne, I'll meet you at the podium to hand you the
Proclamation.

Anne Folger, Mid-Peninsula Media Center Director: Thank you very much for
this honor. We so appreciate being able to serve our community. We, as
you know, do election programming every year. Since we started actually,
we've covered every local race. Our website hits always spike the week
before elections, because we put all the candidate statements up on our
website so that voters can inform themselves by looking at what the
candidates are saying at these election forums. We're delighted to carry on
that process of helping our citizens be more well informed. I might just add

                                                                       Page 2 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
