                         TRANSCRIPT
would be site and design review as well as two DEEs. One DEE to give a 3-
foot alleviation from the build-to line, allowing the building to be 3 feet
further away from the street. The other would be a 3-foot encroachment
into the 10-foot landscape buffer at the rear of the building. The project
also includes a Mitigated Negative Declaration. The basic issue in the
environmental review was the fact that this site is located over the
California-Olive-Emerson groundwater plume. There are some mitigations
related to making sure that the vapors don't intrude and migrate into the
building. Just a little overview and reminder of the context that the property
is located within. The red rectangle there represents the project site.
You've got the Kelly-Moore Paint Store to the left of the project and the pet
hospital to the right, single-family residential units to the rear. Across the
street there are larger two and three-story multifamily projects, the four-
story Sunrise Assisted Living.       This image shows the four residential
properties that exist on the site. This is an elevation of the proposed street
elevation along Page Mill. You can see the Kelly-Moore Paint Store just to
the left. This is the proposed rear elevation of the site. This is where one of
the main changes to the project has occurred. They've added six additional
residential units from the last time that you saw it. On the second floor on
the left side, you can see the recesses. Those are now residential units on
that side with balconies on the rear of the project. There was some
programmatic changes that have occurred since the last time that you saw
the project. Previously there was 13,979 square feet of residential square
footage. That has increased to 16,156 for a total increase of 2,177 square
feet of residential square footage. There's been a reduction in the amount of
office square footage in the project. It went from 18,704 down to 15,843.
This is a reduction of 2,861 square feet. The retail square footage has been
increased by 414 square feet. The total square footage in the project has
been reduced by 270 square feet. There are four additional market rate
dwelling units and two additional BMRs. There's a total of five BMRs in the
project now, and a total of 16 dwelling units; whereas, the prior project had
only ten. With that, I will turn it over to Reed to give his portion of the
presentation.

Reed Kawahara, Kaiser Marston Associates: Good evening, Reed Kawahara
from Kaiser Marston Associates. The PowerPoint that I have is very similar
to the one I gave last January. I'll get through it as quickly as I can. In
terms of what we've done since our analysis from January, first, we have
updated all of the economic analysis from last time. We updated for
improved market conditions, increased rents that have occurred since last
year. We've also updated construction costs which are also up, and cap
rates and so forth. It's a complete update of market conditions. At the
Council's request from January, we also added a couple of different
approaches to the initial analysis that we had done. The first was to analyze
                                                                       Page 109 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
