                          TRANSCRIPT
your four Priorities: Completion of the Comp Plan; Infrastructure; the Built
Environment: Multimodal Transportation, Parking and Livability; and the
Healthy City Healthy Community issue. As it relates to your first Priority, the
Comprehensive Plan Update, you see the Summit that kicked off a big
formal part of the efforts this year; the formation of the CAC; their ongoing
work that's taken a lot of your time; our efforts to try to continue as much
engagement as we can through different tools, in this case the digital
commenter tool that our Communication Staff redeveloped with Peak
Democracy folks to give a new kind of utility to that tool; pointing towards
the environmental impact, the EIR in early next year. At that Summit, as
you'll recall, we had 350 or so folks there at the end of May. The
conversations organized around transportation, growth management and
housing. As it relates to Infrastructure highlights, following on the heels of
Mitchell Park Library opening just in the year ending before 2015, the
opening of Rinconada Library; the California Avenue Streetscape Project;
City Hall remodel and King Plaza landscape; and the El Camino Park
restoration.     All actually in many ways transformative in positive
improvements for our community. You look at Rinconada Library. We had
the delight of being at the Mayor's holiday party at the Art Center right
across the street. We've created over the past 5 years or so a fantastic new
campus there with the Art Center and the grounds and the library for the
next couple of generations of Palo Altans. Both Cal. Avenue, the streetscape
and the sort of enrichment of the street itself and the liveliness of the
sidewalk café life and the public art. In City Hall, the remodel, despite even
some tendency to want to criticize this, this is the center of government.
This is the symbolic location for civics in our community. I think what we've
been striving to accomplish here on the first floor is to turn a bureaucratic
building into public space for the people and making the outdoors and the
entrance itself even more beautiful. I think you can see the difference with
everything from high-speed Wi-Fi to tables and chairs out there, how much
more people just find their way to King Plaza to sit and have lunch or
organize a techie scavenger hunt or whatever it is they do from the center of
town. Just this past week, the restoration of El Camino Park which, of
course, underneath it is our 2.5 million gallon water reservoir. In many
cities, any of these projects would be a signal for success for the year.
There are other infrastructure projects and issues. Obviously, we continue
on our aggressive acceleration of our street maintenance program, still on
target to come in with our goal of 2 years ahead of schedule in 2019 of
hitting that average Pavement Condition Index of 85. The Public Safety
Building which you will take up tonight. Fire Station 3, another one of your
Priorities. The concern about the Baylands Interpretive Center, Staff spoke
to that just last week. We continue to do planning as it relates to the
organics facility. Newell Bridge is still proceeding through the EIR process
and that sort of thing. Of course, we'll be talking again about the Highway
                                                                         Page 5 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
