                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Following on Council Member Wolbach's comments. Yes, it
was indeed good to catch up with Former Mayor Yeh. I say this actually
probably for Council Member Kniss. I think Molly heard this this morning.
Nashville has just elected—I think Nashville is probably older than Palo
Alto—its first woman Mayor who also happens to live just two doors away ...

Council Member Kniss: To that I would say, "Yahoo. It's about time.:" How
much better off they'll be.

Mayor Holman: She seems quite capable, and she happens two live two
doors away from Yiaway. He speaks exceedingly highly of her. One
additional shout-out about Peter Pirnejad. I was at both of the panels that
he participated in. He is very well spoken and represents the City very well
He did us proud. In talking with people from other cities, it seems like
almost no matter the size of the city, that transportation is a major issue
nationwide. Some of the cities that are even very small cities, very small
communities, they become job centers.            I'm thinking of a town in
Washington; it has a population of 19,000. They have major traffic issues.
It seems like so many communities that you talk to their leaders and traffic
and transportation are just in the forefront of their concerns. Less so is
housing, but that's certainly on the forefront of a lot of people's thoughts.
Transportation certainly is. The sharing economy is on everyone's thoughts
and how to best deal with that. One of the things that I most enjoyed about
Nashville was the cultural aspect of it, not only the music but also the visual
arts. I took a mobile workshop that took us out into the various areas of
town where there's Maker Space that people can rent for varying rates. It's
sort of an incubator Maker Space. People graduate from that space and
then move on to their own space or their own business that gets launched as
a result of their Maker Space experience. I will do some follow up on that
with City Manager and perhaps something will come forward also in addition
to that. With that, I see no other lights. This meeting is adjourned. Thank
you all.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor, may I just thank you two for going to
Nashville? It's a long way. I understand your hotel was a bit interesting. I
really appreciate you both going and bringing back the new, especially about
Yiaway. That's fascinating.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Meeting adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 10:07 P.M.


                                                                            Page 71 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
