                          TRANSCRIPT
consisting of 19 members has been formed and will meet three times during
the course of the Plan process. The Committee has a broad spectrum of
members including former Council Members, business owners, Stanford
University personnel, artists, teachers and students from Palo Alto High and
Public Art Commission Members. It is very important to get the youth of the
community involved. They are the future of not just public art, but the arts
in general. Our first meeting was held last week and the energy and passion
of the committee still has me buzzing, because it was a great meeting. The
Public Art Master Plan consultants, the Golden Girls, will make two more
presentations to the Advisory Committee with a final presentation that will
include the draft Plan for review. This final Plan will be presented to the City
Council for approval in early 2016. This is an important milestone for Palo
Alto and an exciting time for public art in Palo Alto.

Mr. Migdal: With regard to some of these ongoing projects. With regard to
maintenance, we identified or selected a consultant already?

Ms. DeMarzo: We have a consultant who's evaluating the collection.

Mr. Migdal: To figure out what we can do for some of the pieces that are in
need of repair and to understand what's the right path. Is it something that
can be repaired? Is it something that we need to remove in some cases?
On the temporary Public Art Program, there's a couple of spots we're
evaluating. I'm going to let Elise cover this. Social media and the web.
We're now on Facebook which is exciting. With regard to the mobile app,
which is one of the reasons that I was interested in getting involved. You
may recall about a year ago, we have an app from Google called Field Trip.
Field Trip is not live yet. The Field Trip app is live, but our content is not
there yet. The content that was available on the website is not right
enough, so I'm personally funding the development of the content. They've
got about 40 percent of the collection covered. There's a couple hundred
words per piece as well as links to the artist website when that's available.
In the case of Greg Brown and all his murals, there's a great video that's on
YouTube. I had a couple of college students working on this, and they are
not as reliable as I'd hoped they would be. I have a student from Gunn
who's helping, but it's slow. I'm paying them $20 a piece and hoping that I
can get this done at some point in the next six months. As far as condition
assessment for the collect, Elise, do you want to address that one? I don't
know if that's in the same context as maintenance.

Ms. DeMarzo:     It is.   The condition assessment is one piece of the
maintenance puzzle. The maintenance is larger, overarching. The condition
assessment is a subset of that.


                                                                           Page 8 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
