                         TRANSCRIPT
and between the two agencies that are taking place right now are consuming
time that could maybe be better spent on the work of the agencies including
regional transportation planning. The Staff did want to share some of our
perspectives with Council Member Scharff as our representative, but we're
sending a copy of the letter to the whole Council. You should have that by
tonight. Two other things real quickly. Friday night at the Palo Alto Art
Center—I just want to bring it up because it's this Friday from 7:00 to 10:00
p.m.—celebrate the opening of the Art Center's fall exhibition, Front Yard
Back Street. I believe that we've also got the upcoming unveiling of the
Happiness Maps that engaged people around the City of Palo Alto around
events or places or locations that make them especially happy. It's a very
neat kind of art piece that many folks won't want to miss. Are we ready?
We have a couple of photos from the recent community emergency response
team appreciation picnic that was held at Hoover Park on September 7th.
Kudos to our OES Staff and Ken Dueker for helping arrange the event which
was attended by more than 100 volunteers, some of whom have been
volunteering for more than 30 years. We want to put a shout out there.
Once again as always Annette Glanckopf and others who are actively
involved in this always make the pitch that, while we have 100 volunteers
being recognized, the need in our neighborhoods and the connections and
the volunteering for the CERT training and that sort of thing really needs to
kind of grow. We want to put the word out for anybody who is—for more
information, you can email paloaltocert@cityofpaloalto.org for that
information. That's all I have to report. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of quick things. One is I really appreciate
Staff putting together the letters for the firefighters.     I really, really
appreciate that. The other is—this is probably my oversight in forgetting to
get it to you. On Thursday evening, October 8th, there will be an event
called Meet the Street, our Downtown side streets. There will be an event
that is for, by and about our merchants Downtown on the side streets. I
invite you all to put that on your calendars. October 8th, Thursday evening,
5:00 to 9:00. Again, for, by and about our merchants. We also have a
member of the community who wanted to speak—two members of the public
who want to speak to City Manager comments. In conference with the City
Attorney, we will have Adina Levin and Roland LeBrun, it looks like. Can we
give you two minutes? Is that adequate? Thank you.

Adina Levin: Good evening. If I can speak English at this late hour. Adina
Levin, Friends of Caltrain. Wanted to bring up the topic about the lack of—in
the high speed rail planning process the first four meetings didn't include
any of the highest ridership stations on the Peninsula corridor including Palo
Alto. While they weren't willing to change those first four, I talked to the
northern California rep, and he said that he would be willing to have city-
                                                                       Page 94 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
