                            MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, reported no members of the Palo Alto Police
Department were deployed to any locations in the East Bay.

Consent Calendar

Aram James spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 3. The Public Records
Act contained an exception for ongoing investigations. If a person was not
arrested, copies of video from body-worn cameras could be released only
with Police Department consent. The Council should be made aware of the
City's policy regarding cameras on police personnel and in police vehicles.

Council Member Wolbach encouraged the City Manager to inform the Council
of plans to utilize surveillance technology by the Police Department.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-3 and 5.

2.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Accept the
     Triennial External Quality Control Review of the Office of the City
     Auditor.

3.   Approval of the Acceptance and Expenditure of Citizens Options for
     Public Safety (COPS) Funds on Various Law Enforcement Equipment
     and Approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5299 entitled
     “Budget Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
     in the Amount of $105,587 for the Supplemental Law Enforcement
     Services Fund.”

4.   Approval of a Construction Grant Agreement with The Association of
     Bay Area Governments and the San Francisco Bay Area Water Trail in
     the Amount of $40,000 for Palo Alto Baylands Sailing Station
     Accessibility Improvements and Adoption of a Related Budget
     Amendment Ordinance in the Capital Project Fund.

5.   Finance Committee Recommendation that City Council Adopt a
     Resolution 9487 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Amending the City’s Cap-and-Trade Revenue Utilization Policy to
     Cover the Use of Freely Allocated Allowances for the Gas and Electric
     Utilities, and Adopt a Resolution 9488 entitled “Resolution of the
     Council of the City of Palo Alto Amending Rate Schedules G 1, G-1-G,
     G 2, G-2-G, G 3, and G-3-G to Add a Rate Component for Cap-and-
     Trade Regulatory Compliance Costs and Combine the Administrative
     and Transportation Charges with the Distribution Charges.”

MOTION PASSED FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 2-3, 5: 9-0
                                                                       Page 7 of 39
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 1/26/2015
