                         TRANSCRIPT
affordable housing developments have been added in north Palo Alto which
is, I think, generally as it should be and as it should continue to be. Then I
wanted to just touch on a high-level set of land use decisions that intersect
with our housing. We've had this discussion and the speakers predominantly
tonight speaking about the housing and how land use and transportation
intersect. I was probably remiss to not speak about this more when we had
our transportation discussion, but frankly this is why we have a Planning and
Transportation Commission. We recognize that these two subjects are
inseparable. We've designed for more than 60 years major employment
districts in our City, the largest being Stanford Research Park. This is where
we had determined and intended for major employers in tech, R&D, and
hardware and software and other elements to be predominantly located.
We've in more recent years, over really—now that I think about it—the last
two decades, had, for reasons that I don't think were ever deliberate policy
decisions and may even be contrary to the intent of the zoning that was
created historically, allowed a change that our downtowns are now being
populated by large employers doing R&D work that, I believe, was never the
intention of the zoning. We've had a practice that somehow morphed over
time, and now it's become a norm. I think that we have two challenges.
The Stanford Research Park was created really as an automobile centric
employment area.         Part of why we've allowed additional employment
Downtown is because we wanted to encourage greater densification where
we have transit and services, as other speakers have spoken about. The
way that we had laid out this community 60-plus years ago and what we
now believe is the right way to do it, which is really a return to what we had
originally in this community of traditional urbanism. Those two things are in
conflict. I think a challenge ahead for us is to transform Stanford Research
Park into a multimodal form of transportation access for that massive, tens
of thousands of workers who live there. Then to look at how we should
really design our Downtown areas, University Avenue and California Avenue,
so that we begin to have a greater amount of housing, in all likelihood
smaller units, and to do so through zoning changes that are achievable. I'll
speak to what some of those are on the next go-round.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me start with just a couple of questions for Staff
that I think I know the answers to anyway, but just to be sure. In 1989, the
designated area which was considered Citywide at that point, but had a
designated area, I think, as I read the numbers we have only reached about
50 percent of that cap. Am I correct? You have the numbers in for tonight.




                                                                       Page 56 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
