                         TRANSCRIPT
one-third of the increase so that we can give a new notice to the public.
That new notice would reflect the minor changes that our consultant
recommended that we have in our rate structure so that we are fully
updated and compliant with a Cost of Service Study. Is that pretty much it?

Ms. Stump: Yes. To the extent that those adjustments would have taken
any of the increases in any category above what was already noticed.

Mayor Holman: I have one clarifying question. What's before us on the left
screen? Never mind. I see now that the Motion that Council Member
Scharff has proposed is not what the overview recommendation is, but what
the recommendation is based on the agenda. Correct, Council Member
Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I meant to do what Staff requests Council adopt
the Resolution, Attachment B. There it is. Do we need to say Attachment
B?

Ms. Stump: For purposes of your straw vote tonight, it isn't necessary to be
precise. When you take final action next week to adopt the rates, you will
need to do that.

Council Member Scharff: For the public, why are we doing it in two times?

Ms. Stump: The City Manager for a number of years has for all budget
related items, and this is related to the annual budget, wanted to provide
extra opportunity for people to be heard and for Council to weigh in on
budget items.

Mayor Holman: The Motion by Council Member Scharff and seconded by
Vice Mayor Schmid is to tentatively adopt the Resolution amending rate
schedules W-1, W-2, W-3, W-4 and W-7 to increase average water rates by
8 percent. Can Council Members vote on the board please? That passes
unanimously with Council Member Filseth absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Mayor Holman: At this time, we will continue this item to next Monday, July
15th.

Ms. Stump: Just to clarify, Mayor Holman. I know you said this, but so that
the public understands. This is a straw vote to indicate the Council's
intentions, and it's subject to hearing from any additional members of the
public who wish to file a protest or speak next week.


                                                                      Page 12 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/8/15
