                    ACTION MINUTES
20.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9555 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Confirming Additional Weed Abatement Report
      and Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the
      Respective Properties Described Therein.”

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 9:28 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
adopt a Resolution confirming the Weed Abatement Report and ordering
abatement costs to be a special assessment on the properties specified in
the report.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

21.   Direction to Provide Financial Support of $5 Million for the Avenidas
      Construction Project That Will Expand the Capacity of Senior Programs
      and Services Provided by Avenidas at 450 Bryant Street, Pending
      Environmental Review and Approval of Final Project Design by City
      Boards, Commissions and Council.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to hear Agenda Item Number 24- Colleagues Memo Regarding
Studying Policy to Increase Accessory Dwelling Units (ADU's) before Agenda
Item Number 23- PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance to Amend
Chapter 18.79…Development Project Preliminary Review… and make every
effort to complete the Agenda this evening.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Filseth no, Burt absent

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to contribute financial support of $5 million dollars from revenue
sources to be determined by Staff towards the $18 million Avenidas capital
campaign to make necessary seismic and other improvements to the
existing building, the actual funding will occur in the next two Fiscal Years;
the Avenidas plan will require subsequent environmental review and
Approval of Final Project Design by City Boards, Commissions and Council.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Holman
to replace in the Motion, “to be determined by Staff” with “which shall
consist of Transferable Development Rights (TDRs) and Community Center
Impact Fee Funds.”

                                                                           Page 6 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 10/19/15
