                          TRANSCRIPT
Public Hearing opened at 10:11 P.M.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members, I believe you should
continue this item to a future meeting. The agenda item is for an Ordinance.
The Ordinance itself was not included in the agenda packet you received 11
days before the meeting, and it was not included in the agenda packet you
received last Thursday. It's just at your places. It's a 17-page draft
Ordinance. Producing a Staff Report is a very difficult process. Over a five-
week period, the City Manager goes through it three times editing it, has to
coordinate sometimes numerous departments, sometimes input from other
Council-appointed officers and sometimes input from Boards and
Commissions including actions and Minutes. Sometimes all those pieces
don't come together on the originally scheduled tentative working agenda to
meet your 11-day deadline. In those cases, it should be delayed, especially
in this case where the very item that is the subject of the agenda item is the
one that's missing. I didn't have time to include with my letter to meet a
deadline to get it at-places to you this evening a copy from 18 months ago
of the communication I gave to the Council when I indicated my position
which was to eliminate this zoning regulation from the Zoning Ordinance.
However, that would only apply for the future. There would still be PC zones
that had been previously approved. In my communication 18 months ago, I
included the items that I felt would be necessary to retain for enforcement
and for minor changes to the development plan and development schedule
and for inspections. I'm providing the Clerk for distribution to you another
copy of my letter, but this time with the attachment of my communication
from 18 months ago that contains those suggestions. Thank you.

Bill Ross: Good evening. My name is Bill Ross. I'm going to address the
CEQA issue only. I believe both legally it's insufficient, and there is no
substantial evidence to support use of an exemption. I will read from your
own documents starting with the notice and the first page of the Staff Report
references CEQA Guideline Section 15061 as the basis for the exemption. If
you proceed to page 10 under Environmental Analysis, a different CEQA
Guideline, Section 15305 Minor Alterations to Land Use Limitations, is used.
If you go to page 16 in Section 5 of the Ordinance, it again relies on Section
15061. Which is it? Let's examine those CEQA Guideline Sections. CEQA
Guideline Section 15061 sets forth two bases for exemption. One, if it can
be clearly stated that there's no impact on the environment. Seriously, this
is a zone change. You're dealing with height limitations. You're dealing with
modifications to FARs. You're dealing with setbacks. If this were another
Zoning Regulation, would it be exempt? I doubt it. Read Section 15305. It
specifically says it's Class 5, that it's not applicable to situations where there
are modifications dealing with land use and density, and gives examples of
minor lot line adjustments and reversions to acreage under the subdivision
                                                                            Page 49 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/24/15
