                         TRANSCRIPT
Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you. Good evening, Mayor and City Council. This is a continued
public hearing item for the mixed-use project at 429 University Avenue.
Just to reacquaint the Council and the people watching, this is at roughly the
northwest corner of University and Kipling. The project is a Code-compliant
project. It contains approximately 31,000 square feet of building area. The
ground floor being retail; the second floor office; and the third and fourth
floors dedicated to residential.      A mitigated negative declaration was
prepared for the project and finding no unmitigable impacts. This slide
basically provides a timeline. The project was submitted in June last year.
There were a number of hearings before the Architectural Review Board, and
a recommendation from that Board to the Director for approval. The project
was approved and ultimately appealed. The City Council considered that
appeal in May this year. There was a discussion at the Council and a
remanding back of the project to the ARB and HRB, which I'll talk about in
just a moment. Here's some slides just showing the exterior of the project
site. This is the view from University Avenue. This is a view from Kipling
Street. When the project was first submitted to the Architectural Review
Board before its even formal application, there were a number of design
schemes that were presented. This is the very first one. The project
continued to evolve over a number of meetings, finally resting with this
design here which is the Director tentative approval off of University Avenue.
Similarly, off of Kipling Street there was a design evolution that progressed
over a number of meetings, ending with this elevation here on the last
meeting. The City Council reviewed the project and voted 5-4 to continue
the matter to a future date; that is this meeting. In the course of doing so,
had asked that the ARB and HRB consider some additional factors. In
essence, the HRB was asked to take a look at the potential historic-related
impacts not just with the buildings that were existing, which was evaluated
with the original application, but also some of the surrounding areas and
some of the other potentially historic resources and historic resources in the
broader area.       The Council directed HRB to look at a number of
compatibility-related issues, context-based criteria, and requested additional
shadow studies as well as an updated circulation and traffic report. In total
there were three new studies that were requested and prepared; the
updated historic resources report, the traffic study and the shadow impact.
None of these reports resulted in any conclusions that the project would
detrimentally impact either the historic resources, the traffic operations of
the alley or the streets in the area, or cast shadows on buildings in a
significant way. Based on all of the feedback that the applicant received
from the Council, revised plans were submitted, and these plans were
reviewed by the Architectural Review Board and HRB as directed. This is the
rendering showing the project as revised by the applicant. The Staff Report
includes a number of changes that were made to this project. I believe
                                                                           Page 2 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
