                          TRANSCRIPT
tours; many Council Members have come—we have to stop the revolving
door of new employees at the treatment plant and in all departments. They
come, they train, they leave. It's an ongoing battle. We ask that you think
of the future of Palo Alto when you consider our proposals. Our proposals
will help recruit and retain valuable employees so we can preserve Palo
Alto's premier City services. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, and thank you for your service.                    Our final
member of SEIU to speak to us this evening is Peggy Quillman.

Peggy Quillman, SEIU: Good evening, and thank you for letting us speak a
little bit earlier than we otherwise would. Some of us have long commutes
and have to be at work pretty early in the morning. I'm Peggy Quillman;
I've worked at the Palo Alto Library since 1989. When I was waiting in the
lobby, I saw the pictures of some of the iconic buildings here in Palo Alto. I
noticed that two of them are libraries. Palo Alto is proud of its libraries, and
we should be proud of them. The residents very much appreciate the
libraries. In fact, all of the services provided by the City are considered
important and part of the Palo Alto way. Experienced employees are
dedicated to providing quality services for Palo Alto residents. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you all for indulging us while we
reshuffled our agenda this evening for necessary reasons. Our real Oral
Communications speakers then, those having spoken to Item Number 1.
The first speaker is Ken Horowitz, to be followed by Subhash Narang, I
believe.

Ken Horowitz: Good evening. My name is Ken Horowitz; I live at 525
Homer Avenue. I really enjoy coming to your Council meetings. I've
learned about the City I've lived in for 35 years. I'm going to take a four-
month sabbatical. I have three issues that I'd like to address tonight that
hopefully will be on your radar for the next number of months. Number one
is Project Safety Net. The money that was allocated, the $2 million, by the
end of this year is going to be all dried up. Mental health is still a big issue,
and hospitalizations of our 15 to 19-year-olds is still increasing. Go to
kidsdata.org and look at the mental health issues. Make sure that Project
Safety Net is on your agenda for the next couple of months. As I said, the
$2 million, once the Traffic Watch money is spent, is all dried up. There is
still $2 million, but hopefully you'll make it used for mental health. The
second item—this all relates to Healthy Cities, Healthy Communities—is
about bicycle safety. I've lived here a long time, and I support alternatives
to the car, the automobile. I'm just not sure that bicycle safety is important
to Palo Alto right now. I live on Homer Avenue. Unfortunately, bicycles are
not safe. Many of them don't have the proper gear, the proper lights. Most

                                                                             Page 74 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
