                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Just the final.

Mayor Holman: I have an amendment that the City Attorney will determine
whether we ...

Mr. Keene: You just need to let the CAC know four members of the Council
were absent at the meeting.

Ms. Stump: Ultimately you'll need five votes to adopt the Comprehensive
Plan of course. I'll let you decide how to proceed with an interim direction.

AMENDMENT FAILED:           3-2 DuBois, Schmid no, Berman, Burt, Kniss,
Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, can we do this? Can we just give
direction to Staff that the Council deliberated whether the appropriate word
was moderate or manage, and let them deal with it?

Council Member Filseth: Okay.

Mayor Holman: City Clerk, you can take that amendment out. We're just
giving that as direction to Staff to forward that to the CAC. Are there any
other comments? I have one, which is perhaps a new goal. I will leave this
to Staff. If you'd look at Page 12 of Attachment A, the Planning and
Transportation Commission recommendation about the Vision Statement. I
would like to add part of that and amend it as a new goal. We're in the
middle column, the fourth line down, it starts "the City's business policies."
What I'd like to offer as a new goal, "the City's business policies, culture of
innovation, balanced economic goals," delete "vibrant Downtown," and
"diverse local and regional serving businesses combine to stimulate and
support viable business opportunities."

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept that.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: You're inserting this into the Vision Statement?

Mayor Holman: No. I said I'm offering this as a new goal.

Vice Mayor Schmid: A new goal.

Mayor Holman: Staff can add it wherever they wish or however they think
best to deal with it.

Council Member Filseth: I'm thinking about it.
                                                                         Page 80 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
