                         TRANSCRIPT
one tree, they don't grow here naturally. They are incredible assets, but we
need to be looking at what are the canopies that work best here. We're not
talking about removing trees. We're talking about what we plant in the
future and how we have that as an integrated system with our water supply
and with an ecosystem.

Mayor Holman: A couple or three things here. It's a good body of work.
It's a lot of effort, and much appreciated for that, including former Staff.
Gloria Humble has been recognized already. And all our nonprofits who
have been a part of this Plan too, as well as members of the community and
Parks and Rec Commission, Planning and Transportation Commission. A
couple of Amendments. One is on Number III. Council Member Wolbach,
you said changing the vision statement. I think strengthening. Changing
gives no direction whatsoever. If Council Member Scharff would accept that.

Council Member Scharff: Strengthening is good.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part C, Subsection iii,
“changing” with “strengthening.”
Mayor Holman: Adding a Number VI to emphasize support for habitat,
which is one of the bigger issues that's been brought to our attention
tonight. Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I'm happy to talk about it at the—when you say
emphasize support for habitat, so "discuss support for habitat."

Mayor Holman: Add "additional support for habitat."

Council Member Scharff: No. How about "discuss support for habitat?"
Otherwise, I'd have to say no. It's a list of things we're going to discuss. I
just want it to be a discussion topic, not a predetermined outcome.

Mayor Holman: Okay then, "discuss support for habitat."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “discuss support for
habitat.”
Mayor Holman: One other thing that I just don't think is addressed in here.
As much as I think there's a lot of good work here, I did have an impression
from reading a good lot of this. There's been a lot of input, and a lot of
input from different directions. That's highly appropriate. In reading a good
amount of this, I did have a feeling that we didn't want to step on toes. I
felt like the document was diluted, maybe directed towards those concerns.
                                                                         Page 90 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
