                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to say that I think this is important.
As we try and make sure that the community and their elected officials are
taking a leading role in determining and influencing what the future of our
community looks like, I think that is really important especially for these
major projects. I can think of some cases in the not so distant past when if
we'd had a prescreening, I think, it would have avoided a lot of concern and
consternation by the community about projects. We did have ourselves a
prescreening not long ago about a development at El Camino and Page Mill
Road that, I think, was a very useful meeting. We still get to see what
feedback offered by Council Members at that prescreening is taken to heart
by the developer. I think it was a good chance for the community and the
Council to express some of our concerns and perhaps nudge the developer in
a different direction. I'll be supporting the motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I just wanted to go back and make sure I understand
the process for this issue of the exception for projects that go before
Architectural Review Board preliminary review. Are we saying that ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, it might be helpful to refer to the
section, if you have that.

Council Member Burt: It would be D3 at the at-places memo, page 3. I just
wanted to make sure I understand this process correctly. Is it that if they
are projects that are already authorized to have an ARB prescreening, they
are not eligible for the voluntary one? Can you clarify that?

Mr. Lait: The reference is to the Municipal Code Section 18.76.020. That is
a section that deals with architectural review. In the architectural review
section, there is a path for an applicant to seek what's called a preliminary
review. It's an informal process by which somebody who'd just be going to
AR, architectural review, can get some early feedback in a similar concept
that might result in some design changes. Community members might have
some concerns that they can articulate. Then after that feedback was
received, they go through their standard Architectural Review Board process.
I think the purpose of this section is to just distinguish that is an existing
codified section of the Code that is not implicated by any changes that are
taking place here today. If you're concerned about workload, your workload
would definitely increase if you wanted to see all the architectural review
preliminary reviews, because we do get a fair number of those.


                                                                        Page 42 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
