                             MINUTES
discussion was worthwhile even though the Council made only minor
modifications.

Vice Mayor Schmid referenced the final sentences of the Staff Report and
suggested the Council discuss whether the Guidelines were achieving City
goals.

Mayor Holman understood the Applicant stated she would plant trees closer
to the house, but did not find that in the landscape plan.

Ms. Gitelman advised that Condition Number 6 referred to trees and climbing
vines on the building wall to soften the building. The intention of the
condition was to memorialize the screening trees along the property line as
well as vegetation along the wall of the home.

Mayor Holman expressed concern that the screening trees would deprive the
Appellant of daylight plane. If the trees were not planted along the property
line, the Appellant would receive more daylight.

Ms. French reported six trees would be planted between the outdoor patio
and the property line abutting the Appellant's property. Seven shrubs would
be planted adjacent to the garage.

Mayor Holman stated shrubs did not mitigate the height of the building and
the blank wall.

Ms. Gitelman explained that those trees were intended to screen at the
property line. If those trees were planted closer to the house, they would
impact the patio and yard area of the home.

Mayor Holman suggested Staff work with the Applicant and the Appellant to
resolve that. Staff should follow up regarding placement of those trees in an
attempt to satisfy both parties.

Ms. French added that those trees were added as part of the Director's
hearing. The closer those trees were to the property line, the more they
would screen the home for the Appellant.

Mayor Holman reiterated that Staff should attempt to resolve that with the
Applicant and Appellant.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the screening at the property line resulted from
Staff's conversations with the Appellant and others regarding the desire to
screen the two-story portion of the house. Those trees were the product of
conversations among Staff, the Applicant, and the Appellant.


02/17/2015                                                             117- 17
