                               MINUTES
Council Member Burt asked if the City Attorney meant that the request in
the proposed Motion was reasonable under the State Density Bonus Law
requirements and the City Ordinance.

Ms. Stump did not understand the question. She urged the Council not to
constrain the consultant's response and analysis. As the experts considered
the topics in which the Council was interested, they could see aspects that
were not specifically articulated but appeared to answer the intent of the
question such that the experts could wish to bring those forward. The
Council should allow that.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the Motion needed to provide more
latitude.

Ms. Gitelman reported Staff would follow the Council's direction to the best
of their ability. If the inquiry led in a slightly different direction, Staff would
pursue those additional questions.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff needed additional clarity.

Ms. Gitelman replied no. In the course of the analysis, Staff would consider
whether additional methodologies were reasonable and defensible and
attempt to advise the Council.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to ensure that the parking analysis
captures the effect of the loss of parking on Page Mill Road.

Council Member Burt believed the requirement to initiate an RPP Program
had some problems. He was unsure whether there was a method of
enforcement to require occupants to use the parking garage.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to restate paragraph 5 as “Staff will explore a
Conditional Use Permit that requires the occupants and users of the building
to park in the garage. If occupants and users do not comply with the
conditional use permit, the City may initiate a Residential Parking Permit
program for the neighborhood.”

Council Member Burt noted RPP Programs were initiated by neighborhoods
rather than the City.

Council Member DuBois understood the Ordinance allowed the City to
implement an RPP Program as well as neighborhoods.


                                                                            Page 28 of 39
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Minutes: 1/26/2015
