                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. We are expecting a process where there's a
crosswalk between the two processes. We would be meeting with the
Council hopefully on a monthly basis, initially focusing on issues that we
need Council direction on. We would also be meeting with the committee on
a monthly basis to try and translate those issues into policy language that
could later be vetted with the Council. There's going to be some back and
forth. I can't tell you that it's going to work exactly like the RHNA
Committee, because we won't in this case have the luxury of a Standing
Committee. It's going to be when can we get on the Council agenda and
how does it fit into what else you're doing, and a bunch of over things.

Mr. Keene: Clearly the concern is you don't want to have some completely
linear process that subsequently comes to the Council. There'll be a zig zag
back and forth. The Council's ability to give clear direction or feedback is
going to be one of the critical issues in keeping the committee's work
manageable.

Council Member Scharff: That was my concern on this.

Council Member Berman: Director Gitelman cleared up my confusion.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to make sure we're really clear. The list that
we were just provided, which I believe had been put together by a member
of the public, Shani Kleinhaus, identifies a proposal in the Staff Report with a
listing of members. I believe that came from the background about the
Housing Element community panel that was convened in the prior year and
is not a proposal for the current project. I wanted to clarify that. If I'm
incorrect, Staff please correct me.

Ms. Gitelman: This is the first I've seen. The handout we received today, so
I don't know its origin. You're right. We did, in the packet, summarize what
was done in the past. The Housing Element panel was a very prescriptive
group of 18 people appointed to represent various interests. That is not
what we're proposing here.

Council Member Wolbach: I was going to make a couple of quick comments.
If there is discovered by the committee itself, once it's formed, or by City
Staff that there is a gap, I hope that Staff will listen to the committee. If the
committee says, "We're missing somebody that needs to be here," a type of
person or some area of expertise, I hope you'll listen to their feedback as
well. I'm sure you will. I hope that the 20 won't be a hard cap. If you need
to add somebody, you don't need to kick somebody off of the committee.

Mr. Keene: We may need to kick somebody off sometime too, but that's a
whole other matter.
                                                                         Page 106 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
