                         TRASNCRIPT
the same things. To hear someone from the outside giving a fresh view,
fresh opinions, that will be useful and backing it up with hard data. We're
optimistic that we'll get the big-picture view, but also be able to get that
hard data that will help us in the trenches when we're deciding the mundane
details of parks. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Where did Commissioner Markevitch go? There
you are; you moved. Thank you for your service on the Commission, both
of you. Shani Kleinhaus, and you'll have three minutes.

Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society: Good evening, Mayor
Holman, City Council. I'm Shani Kleinhaus. I speak for Santa Clara Valley
Audubon Society. We were part of the stakeholder group. From the start,
we asked to include the word "nature" or "biodiversity" or something in the
title of this Parks, Trails, Open Space and Recreation. We were told two
things. One is that open space covers nature. It doesn't really, because
these days even sport fields that are made out of plastic are considered
open space. The other thing is that, "Nature is already there. We have all
these materials. We can't really change it." Inertia is hard to change, but
I'm asking that you do. I think the reason to add nature into this in some
capacity is because it translates into Plan framework.            It's a good
framework, and I think it reflects a lot of the wonderful outreach that Staff
and the consultants did. A lot of that showed that people really care about
nature in Palo Alto. 75-plus percent supported having trees in the City that
are supportive of birds. This is not a trivial number. A lot of people want to
see nature in the City. I think that should actually start from the title and
trickle down throughout. It's not. It starts because it's not in the title. I'm
asking you to add that and add an eighth principle here. I'm not sure what
the word would be, "nature oriented" or "ecological" or something that would
actually bring in nature into the framework and not leave it as something
that we mitigate rather than integrate. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I don't see any lights yet, so I think I'm
actually going to take the prerogative of kicking this off. Having had a
conversation earlier with Staff on this item, I found the report while helpful
and encouraging on the one hand, also I found it to be a bit lacking in some
areas. It seemed to confuse different components. We have parks. We
have open space. We have recreation facilities, meaning built structures. It
seemed to me, like with the principles that are on packet page 27, the
playful, healthy, sustainable, inclusive, accessible, flexible, balance.    It
seemed like with those and also with the questions that were asked in each
of those categories on that page and the next page, it seemed to not
differentiate between and among parks, open space and built recreation
facilities. I'll give you an example. Under sustainable on packet page 28, on
                                                                        Page 19 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
