                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Congratulations on great progress being made on this
program.     Like the prior presenter, you have made your case.
Congratulations on this and thank you for the effort you're carrying forward.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members. I
guess I'll be routinely updating the Council for the next year to decade or
whatever on drought issues and regulations. As you know, over the past
couple of months there have been a flurry of drought-related activities at the
State level, including the new State Water Resources Control Board
emergency regulations.        For the first time in California's history, an
Executive Order by the Governor mandates a 25 percent reduction in urban
potable water use. While the Resolution that is on your agenda tonight is in
response to the State Board's March 17th regulations, I wanted to share that
the measures outlined will be critical as we consider what will be needed to
achieve the latest as of May 5th regulations that will require Palo Alto to
reduce water use from 2013 levels by 24 percent. I mentioned that briefly
last week, that we'd gotten updated numbers. That will be in effect from
June 1st of this year until February 28th, 2016. The most visible restriction in
the Resolution is a two day per week limit on outdoor irrigation. We know
that the largest potential water savings will come from outdoor use during
the summer months. Reductions in that usage are going to be required if
we're going to meet our target. All of the urban water suppliers across the
Bay Area are working together to standardize as much as possible the days
per week restrictions. The schedule as it now stands is properties with odd
or no addresses will be able to water on Mondays and Thursdays; those with
even addresses on Tuesdays and Fridays. There are some allowances from
the two times per week watering schedule for some public and private
facilities, but customers overall will still have to achieve the City's State
mandated water reduction goals. Our Public Works and Community Services
are developing a detailed inventory of water use and potential areas for
reducing water use at City facilities, including parks and the golf course.
Staff plans to bring a report back to Council later month with the results and
recommendations. Public Works has also been working on creative solutions
to expand the use of non-potable water use throughout the community. Our
approach has been focused on outreach and education to eliminate water
waste; however, we are sensitive to the reality that the City could potentially
face monetary penalties if we don't meet our 24 percent reduction target.
To that end, we hired a part-time water waste coordinator and are in the

                                                                          Page 10 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
