                          TRANSCRIPT
better and change the dates of when we do the appointments. There's a lot
of things that we have to take into consideration when we do the interviews
and the appointments and schedule those at times that are working with the
budget and with the Council's vacation. After this evening, my Staff and I
will start a discussion on changing those and what works best with the rest
of the Council's calendar.

Mayor Holman: We have three speakers to Item Number 4.

Donald Mayall spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 4: I don't need three
minutes. I just want to urge you to support this item. We need data. I've
lived in Palo Alto for 35 years. It was a beautiful, peaceful place until about
February, when planes starting flying over. FAA is telling us there's no net
impact to their new plans. I'm a retired statistician. This is bogus. We
need the data. Please support it. Thank you.

Bonnie Bernstein spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 4: I'm Bonnie
Bernstein at 2114 Bellview Drive, right under that line of airplanes that
keeps constantly going over our heads. I'm really urging you to work
wholeheartedly with this very challenging quality of life and health issue
that's going on since the flight paths changed to be directly over our City.
I've been living here 29 years. The quality of life, being able to stay in your
backyard, sleep through a night, have any sense of relaxation outside the
house. I'm hearing planes at 2:00 in the morning, and at 5:30 in the
morning I'm actually really tired. I know I'm not alone in this, that we are
just bombarded by like being under a landing path that really has
tremendous impact on so many people here. One thing that I do want to
point out particularly is that Flight Posse is doing a wonderful job tracking
the San Francisco airport noise, the San Jose airport noise, the Surf Air
airport noise. In a way, we've also caused our own problem by buying the
Palo Alto Airport and giving permission by doing that to the FAA having a
tremendous amount of power over the rules for that airport. I know that
airport gives helicopter lessons on the weekends, because they're flying over
my head. We create on top of the other three problems we have from the
three other airports, Palo Alto is really contributing to that.        I really
encourage you to look at that. I know you have an input line about airport
noise. Palo Alto Airport is not on that list. We have to take what we can do
as a City with our own airport to at least remove that problem from our
citizens along with everything else. Please work for us and give us our quiet
back. Thank you.

Mark Shull spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 4: Thank you. I live in
Midtown on Waverley. The airplane noise, of course, everybody knows is
continuous. It's all through the day, about every minute. If you look at the

                                                                         Page 14 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
