                          TRANSCRIPT
grade separations and so forth. Whether it's 6 billion plus 25 percent or 20
billion, it's going to make a significant difference. Thanks very much.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess just a follow up on the leveraging issue. We're
presented with the transportation sales tax measure, and this has been the
source of County funds for the last 30 years and will be an important source
of the future, but it is a limited source. For our needs, grade separations,
trenching and so on, we need leveraged funds which go well beyond what
we could get from this measure. What is the connection between this
measure and being able to get State, Federal grants?

Mr. Keene: Maybe before you guys answer, it's not just the measure itself;
it would be the particular projects or purposes within the measure have
some impact on what sources can be leveraged. Right? I mean if we've got
transit dollars, that's going to be potentially leveraged or matched by
Federal transit dollars, which is going to be a different situation than Federal
highway funds and those sorts of things.

Mr. Mello: Just to cite one example of a grade separation that cobbled
together multiple funding sources, the recently completed project in San
Bruno accessed Section 190 funds, it's maximum allowance for Section 190.
There was also a one-time infusion into the Section 190 program from
Proposition 1B; that was $150 million in bond funding that was infused just
at one point in time into Section 190. Something similar could occur in the
future. MTC programmed Federal rail funding for the grade separation. San
Mateo TA was able to contribute its dedicated stream of revenue that it has
dedicated to grade separation. It was a $160 million project; the funding
was split out among many different programs. I think any large project is
going to need to include multiple sources of funding. The County sales tax
revenue would just be one piece of that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess the amount we would get from this is a small
portion of what we need if we're going down the grade separation route.
The question is then is it too early for us to start trying to put together
packages of funding that we need to have a sense of who would participate
in what way. I think it's clear our issue deals with intense commuting
activity along the corridor. Clearly it benefits jobs in the City more than
residents. How do we get the business community to participate in the cost
of making this effective in the future, either through fees or taxes or some
way. It seems to me that we have to put together financing ideas, packages
of which the sales tax might be a portion, but probably a minor portion of
the total. Is it premature for us to be committing to a County tax for the
next 30 years before we have a clear notion of our needs, the cost of our


                                                                          Page 44 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
