                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Hirsch: Either way, okay.

Mayor Holman: Just indicate what you're doing please.

Mr. Hirsch: My comments are short, and I will probably read them to make
them even shorter in time.

Mayor Holman: Are you speaking to the boundaries or the whole issue?

Mr. Hirsch: That's first, yeah.

Mayor Holman: Just boundaries.

Mr. Hirsch: I'm going to do both.

Mayor Holman: Great, thank you.

Mr. Hirsch: Sorry. The executive summary states the City of Palo Alto and
the region have experienced dramatic job growth resulting in increases in
traffic, parking demand and other impacts of growth. We all know that to be
true. There's no question about it. Council Member Kniss referred to it in
the prior item regarding people driving around trying to find parking spaces,
etc. Why would we make matters worse? I think here what we should do,
at least for a significantly—a somewhat longer period of time, maybe three
or five years—is have a Citywide moratorium or Ordinance that affects
development Citywide. As Bob Moss I think said, if you don't include the
entire City, it will just drive development into other areas which will make
those matters worse. For example, San Antonio which at times is a parking
lot. I drive past that, thankfully, but I do look at it. Every now and then,
from Middlefield to the rise over the railroad tracks, there are two lanes of
traffic. I think that's about half a mile long. I would propose, as the two
other speakers have, that the Ordinance should be Citywide. It should be
for a longer period of time, maybe three to five years, to give adequate time
to see if improvements can be made that would permit additional new
development, and that the number of square feet in any annual limit should
be significantly less so not as to further cause adverse consequences which
this community is now experiencing and people simply don't want or need.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I realize the Motion should be a little bit more
specific. Single occupancy vehicles generated by Stanford Research Park.
Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss:      I think it's one that (inaudible) mentioned at a
previous meeting.

                                                                      Page 87 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
