                         TRANSCRIPT
not." I just want to have us keep that clear. There's some things to
appreciate here, and still a good amount of concern which I think you're
hearing from my colleagues. It is appreciated that there's been a scale
down to the adjacent building next door on University Avenue. That does
transition better. What hasn't changed, though, is the bulkiness of the
elements. If you look at the streetscape whether it's on University, both
sides of University or along Kipling, the elements of the buildings are much
more refined. This building is—I mean this not in a crude manner. The
elements of this building are rather crude, if you will. They are much larger
than the refined, delicate nature of most of the elements on the adjacent
buildings. One of the context-based criteria, if I can find it, is to not
interrupt those streetscape pattern. I'm not going to find it right this
second; I was reading it earlier. Those for me are really the issues. It's
exacerbated on the Kipling side because of the mass being shifted back. I
will stop with those comments. Hopefully helping about the TDRs. Council
Member Burt, back to you. You had additional questions, I believe.

Council Member Burt: First, a quick comment following up on yours on
TDRs. I think this is worth making sure that everybody, the Council and the
public, understands this properly. We have a TDR program. The TDR
program does not guarantee that an applicant can then max out the use of
whatever TDRs they buy.           They still have to meet the findings of
architectural review, the other height and floor area requirements of the
zone, and the context-based criteria.         We've had this misconception—
someone even characterized, one of the papers, saying it meets Code. We
had Stephen Levy who said the same thing; it meets Code. I think pretty
clearly what they're referring to is the height and floor area portion of the
Code. I would say it meets a fraction of the Code in that regard. The rest
become these more subjective but clearly Code-based requirements. That's
the discussion that we are essentially having.          There wasn't dispute
previously whether it was meeting in any substantial way the height Code
requirement or the floor area requirement. The first time we heard it and
now, it's about these other two. We received those summaries at our
places, and that's what we ought to be focusing on. I still have significant
concerns over meeting a number of the findings. Let me ask one quick
question of Staff. Finding D4 on architectural review is about a unified
design character or historical character in areas that have that. Whether or
not we determine that Kipling has a defined historic character, because
some of those buildings have been modified to significant degrees, I didn't
hear an adequate addressing of whether that group of buildings on that
street still constitutes essentially a unified design character, which doesn't
mean that this building would have to mimic that. Our Code is clear on that.
We are not asking for a new building to imitate what is there. We're asking
for it to be compatible with that.          Compatible doesn't mean starkly
                                                                          Page 29 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
