                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Reich: Yes. Thank you, Council Member Burt. If you'll notice in the
table, it does limit the height limit to 35 feet, but it does have a caveat, Item
Number 5, that takes you down further where it clarifies that if the site is
abutting RM-40 or a residential PC, the height may be increased to 50 feet.

Council Member Burt: Above it, it says standard.            That's what I was
referring to. What is the standard referring to?

Mr. Reich: The standard zoning is when you're not adjacent to residential
uses. The 35 feet is, say, if you're adjacent to, like, a single family
residential use. Whereas, the 50 feet limit is if you're adjacent to a high
density, multifamily use. That would typically be allowed at 50 feet.

Council Member Burt: Interesting. Our purpose on the exception is if you're
next to residential, to step it down from the 37. Then we're saying within
the parentheses that that applies only if you're next to an RM-40 or PC. I'll
leave that alone for right now, because I think it's a moot point if we're not
going in the direction of a CC(2). It's an interesting thing for us to
understand more. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, three minutes.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. A couple of thoughts on this. I guess
the first question at the prescreening is, is it worth spending more Staff time
on this proposal. I would say no. I would say that to the applicant. I know
it costs money to spend time on these and to continue on. If it was me,
that's speaking for myself, I wouldn't spend another dime on moving
towards looking for a CC(2) zoning. I don't think it's going to happen. I
would be supportive of housing. I could be supportive of a CS zoning. I like
the idea of RM-40. The only hesitation I have is I actually really do want to
see ground-floor retail on this site. I think one of the things we as Staff
need to do is to start looking at our Zoning Code. I know we've talked about
micro units, which is really what Cory was talking about and, I believe,
Council Member Burt sort of alluded to. We need a zoning classification that
allows micro units, and we need flexibility in things like RM-40 to put down
ground-floor retail. I could see that being a really great use of this site,
frankly, some ground-floor retail and then some micro units and stuff. I
didn't quite follow Council Member Burt's numbers on this. If we had RM-40
and it's a 20,000 square foot site roughly, that means it's a half an acre.
That means it would be 20 units. On a 1,000 square feet on a 1:1 FAR,
wouldn't those be 1,000 square foot units? I think those would be bigger
than I think you were anticipating. I actually frankly think we—in a micro
unit concept, you would set the FAR and not the number of units. You could
build as many units as you want. It may be a minimum of 250 or 300

                                                                         Page 59 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
