                         TRANSCRIPT
With that, I want to thank Mayor Holman and the people of Palo Alto for
nominating me. I want to thank Mayor Nakagawa and the kind people of
Tsuchiura for inviting us each year and showing us so much warmth, to Mr.
Sakazawa and the Tsuchiura International Association and finally Neighbors
Abroad, especially Barbara and Joe Evans and Jennifer Buenrostro and Diana
Nimit who are the co-vice presidents of the relationship now. Thank you,
everybody. I understand that folks from Tsuchiura are listening right now
on the stream, so I'd like to say a couple of words in Japanese for them.
[foreign language] The folks in Tsuchiura put together this beautiful photo
album of different pictures of Tsuchiura that they wanted Mayor Holman to
have. I'd like to hand this over to you as well. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman:       Obviously we were most ably represented by you,
Mr. Schlegel and most ably both physically, because you ran the marathon.
I'm very impressed by your ability to speak Japanese as well. Thank you so
very much for that. The photo album, of course, will be shared with the
entire Council and the City. Thank you to the people of Tsuchiura for that.
It's a very kind gesture. Thank you to the people of that community for
hosting you.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: I know of none.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Members of the
Council. First of all, a thanks to everyone who participated in the Palo Alto
2030 Summit last weekend, this past weekend, Saturday, at Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center. We had, as you know, more than 300
members of our community spend the good part of their day Saturday at the
2030 Comp Plan Summit. I've heard from many of you and many of our
citizens about good discussions that were had and the sharing of many
ideas. It seems you can always judge a good party or summit by how many
people stay until the end. Judging from the almost-filled room 7 1/2 hours
later, people were enjoying themselves. Big thanks again especially to our
Planning Staff and Planning Director Hillary Gitelman for the design and
execution of the event. Also thanks to the City Clerk's Staff and Office, to
Claudia Keith and the communications team, and all the various Staff people
and other not-for-profit folks who manned all the tables we had set up in the
courtyard about all the range of different plans and services around the City.
Everything went smoothly, which is not always the case with large events
that involve technology and food. For those folks who were not able to
attend or even if you were and still have more ideas, you can still

                                                                       Page 24 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
