                          TRANSCRIPT
to you, directed them all to infrastructure. Rightfully so because of the great
need. At some point, you could have options on maybe you direct some to
the other unfunded liabilities from those potential dollars. You heard about
borrowing from the General Fund. There could be discussions for us to
borrow from the Enterprise Funds and make it worth their while, if we're
carrying reserves that we believe are healthy enough. We believe there are
points of discussion for you to consider and make informed decisions.

Mr. Keene: Thanks. If I could add to that. I mean, for me both thinking
about the briefing purpose that we had for bringing this forward to the
Council, then listening to John. I mean you take away two things. One
which is what strategies do we want to explore, as Lalo was saying, to deal
with our unfunded liability. That's not a fast conversation, unless we're
going to write a $300 million check all at once. We don't have the capacity
to do that even if we were willing to risk it. I think that it is an ongoing kind
of conversation. Even if we establish a strategy and policy, I would imagine
it'll be something that will unfold over years that will have to be routinely
revisited. The second piece, though, which I think is more near term and
immediate, was to get a good look at what the increased pension cost
requirements are going to be in the very near term. They can help inform, I
would think even with today's snapshot, the conversations we have as we go
into labor negotiations about what the obligations and the costs that the City
and our employees are facing in the future.             I think that there's an
immediate return on that and that information. I think it's helpful. This
other piece is I do think a conversation that will take some time. That being
said, I think it's something that is of interest to the whole Council, so I think
you want to think about what's the right mixture; even if you refer it to a
Committee, that the whole Council has a little bit of chance to chew on this a
little bit.

Vice Mayor Schmid: To follow up with Suzanne's comment right up front of
this is an important step on moving toward the long-term financial forecast,
which is the basis of the budget discussions that come up quickly. I think
the long-term financial forecast is due in December, so it would seem to
make sense to go to the Finance Committee to have a detailed discussion,
come back to the Council with issues, but be ready by September for that
long-term financial forecast to have a point of view on the issues that are
addressed here.

Mayor Holman: I haven't had a turn yet. Before I go to Council Member
Burt and Council Member DuBois, I can see the advantage of this going to
Finance, if the point there is to chew on the issues and bring to Council some
options that have been digested there. I agree with City Manager that this
is an issue that is such a large issue for the whole Council, I would really
                                                                          Page 17 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
