                            MINUTES
The Council reviewed the Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) and
Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) for Caltrain's Electrification
Project. The Council directed Staff to create a Business Registry. Planned
Community (PC) Zoning reform continued to be a topic in 2014. Staff
supported the termination process for Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. The
Council completed a hazards analysis of the CPI plating facility and laid
groundwork for an amortization study and schedule. In 2014, the Council
approved an Infrastructure Funding Plan totaling $126 million. Residents
approved an increase in the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) to provide some
funding for the Infrastructure Funding Plan. The Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center formally opened in 2014. Money saved from the Mitchell
Park Library and Community Center project supported remodeling of
Rinconada Library. Preparation of the Bike and Pedestrian Master Plan
began with 16 community meetings. Construction of the Magical Bridge
Playground began in 2014.         With accelerated funding, the Pavement
Condition Index of City streets advanced to 78. The California Avenue
Streetscape Project began in 2014 and was scheduled for completion in
March 2015. The City took over the Airport and received a Federal grant to
make improvements at the Airport. The City submitted an offer to purchase
the Downtown Post Office Building. The City reached an agreement with the
Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) concerning Cubberley Community
Center. The San Francisquito Creek Flood Project remained in limbo. A
design competition was underway for the Highway 101 Pedestrian Bike
Bridge in the Baylands. Capping of the landfill was completed in 2014.
Funding was included in the Capital Improvement Program (CIP) for
improvements at the Lucy Evans Nature Center. Fiber to the Premise
remained a City objective and could become a reality in the near future.
Staff continued to expand free Wi-Fi around the City. The first Palo Alto
Apps Challenge occurred in 2014. Staff expanded the City's 311 app. The
new tri-city virtual dispatch center allowed more responses and faster
responses from different agencies. The City funded and installed automated
external defibrillators (AED) and deployed the related Pulse Point app. 85
percent of street lights were converted to LED. The City was utilizing more
social media outlets. Residents approved the Utility Users Tax (UUT) ballot
measure. The City Attorney's Office prevailed on an $8 million Below Market
Rate (BMR) case. The Council concluded negotiations with the Service
Employees International Union (SEIU), adopted the Management and
Professional Compensation Plan, and adopted a formal Ethics Policy. The
Utilities Department instituted a local community solar program. The Palo
Alto Green Gas Program replaced the Palo Alto Green Program. The Council
rescinded the Living in Vehicle Ordinance. The City dedicated 7.7 acres of
parkland and developed an integrated budget system.



01/05/2015                                                          216- 283
