                          TRANSCRIPT
project, second slide, would be El Camino Park project completion. Some of
you might have seen some of this as you passed along El Camino or been on
Caltrain. Construction of the new El Camino Park began in January and will
be complete this month. The work includes new athletic fields, synthetic
turf, field lighting , fencing, a new restroom, scorekeeper booth and storage
buildings and expanded parking lot, new bike and pedestrian pathways,
landscaping benches and other amenities. Although there were delays in
completing the underground water reservoir, it was part of this project, in
finalizing the design of the park, the construction of the park is on time and
within its $4.9 million budget. El Camino Park will reopen to the public
following a dedication ceremony to be scheduled for later in November or
early December. The first slide that we showed looks north and shows the
softball field and the new scorekeeper's booth. The next slide shows part of
the new Class 1 bike path along El Camino Real and the entrance to the new
parking lot. The next slide shows the new restroom building on the eastern
side of the parking lot. Slide 5 is the new artificial turf field with new fencing
in the background and lighting that can be seen in the top right. The last
photo shows the passive park area at the northernmost end of the park.
Thanks, Roger. Lastly the Cubberley Artists' Studio Program is hosting two
exciting free events for the public during November. The Meet the Artist
Program will be held Thursday, November 12th, from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m., and
will feature a fast-paced Pecha Kucha style group presentation at Cubberley
lecture room H-1, where artists will have two minutes each to show six
photographs of their work. The 15th Annual Holiday Open House will be
held on Saturday, November 21st, from 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. where
Cubberley artists will present a curated exhibition of projects produced by
the students, the youth and teens, in the MakeX lab which is adjacent to the
studios.      For more information, go to the City of Palo Alto website,
cityofpaloalto.org/casp. Lastly, I would just remind the Council that it is
6:36 p.m., not 5:15 p.m. as those clocks up there ... Please don't rely on
those clocks tonight, or else you may continue the meeting even longer than
we projected to go tonight. That's all I have to report.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the agenda is Oral Communications.
Beth, you don't need to fill out a card to speak. Beth, I think you have
someone to introduce.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: I do, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Just had
to do my song again. I'm here tonight to introduce our new Assistant City
Clerk who will be beginning her job with us next Monday, November 9th.
Jessica, would you like to come to the podium?


                                                                           Page 7 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/2/15
