                         TRANSCRIPT

through the end of next February. Since it will be most difficult to save
water during the winter months when landscape irrigation is at its lowest,
it's especially important that we work hard and continue during the summer
to drive up our water savings to carry us through the end of the reporting
period. Our Staff hosted a public meeting last Wednesday, August 12th, to
provide our community with an overview of our current drought conditions,
water efficiency resources, answer questions and solicit feedback on
innovative ways to help the City meet its water reduction goals. We also
hosted a free water conversation workshop to provide residents with
information on how to check for leaks, manage home water use, fine tune
irrigation systems for efficiency and take advantage of free resources and
rebate opportunities. I do want to acknowledge Council Members and
members of our community who have been pretty darn vigilant about
identifying leaks or water wasting potentially projects around the City. We
continue to every week be following up on those. Good news. We are
pleased to announce the appointment of the City's new Chief Transportation
Official, Joshua Mehlem, who will be joining us in mid-September. He
served as the Assistant Director of Planning and Transportation in the City of
Atlanta between 2010 and 2014 and directly supervised the Transportation
Division which had responsibility for the development and implementation of
the city's comprehensive transportation plan and all associated projects and
studies. Before that, he worked in Wilmington, North Carolina, and in the
Boston area. Since early 2014, he's been a senior associate with Alta
Planning and Design in Sacramento, where he was partly involved in some of
our ongoing bicycle boulevard projects and developed a familiarity with
many of the transportation issues we face as a community. Congratulations
to Hillary and her team for bringing on an accomplished professional who
I've met and I think will do a good job of fitting in with the culture of our
community.       We look forward to his tenure with the Planning and
Community Environment Department. The City Clerk asked that I issue
another reminder that the Clerk's office is currently recruiting for several
vacancies on the Architectural Review Board, the Parks and Recreation
Commission as well as the Planning and Transportation Commission. The
deadline to apply is August 26 by 5:30 P.M. We'd encourage community
members to contact the City Clerk's office at 650-329-2571 or email Deputy
City Clerk David Carnahan at david.carnahan@cityofpaloalto.org. Lastly,
just a reminder that the Staff has distributed the Fiscal Year 2016 Adopted
Budget documents, the Municipal Fee Schedule as well as the Budget in Brief
document, which summarizes that last document, summarizes the most
important facts about the City's budget.        All of these documents are
available on the City website at cityofpaloalto.org/budget. We've updated

                                                                       Page 29 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
