                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: With that explanation, do you have any different response,
Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois:       No.    I guess I'd like it to be a separate
amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Schmid, did you want to offer it as a
separate amendment?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a second. I would actually second that given
what City Manager stated. Just using it as a comparison, not a control point.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
add to the Motion, “Use the National Establishment Time Series Database as
a point of comparison for number of employees.”

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, could I offer to add to the amendment,
to use the National Establishment Time Series database as a point of
comparison clarifying not as a control point for the number of employees.
Would you accept that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Sure, yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Amendment “not as a control point”
after “point of comparison.”

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights, so it looks like we are ready to vote on
the board on this amendment. That amendment passes on a 7-2 vote with
Council Member Scharff and Vice Mayor Kniss voting no.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-2 Kniss, Scharff no

Mayor Holman: Thank you, colleagues. We return now to the main Motion.
Any other comments? I have Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Could we see the motion again? My concern is
why we're going to Policy and Services for updates to address the very small
businesses and small nonprofits and religious organizations. It seems to me
that we could make a decision tonight, that it's a fairly easy decision. I've
heard from Mr. Fehrenbach and the Assistant City Manager that that covers
90 percent of the employees already. That those are not worth the time.
We're only talking about small businesses that have less than a full-time
employee. It seems to make a lot more sense. I don't see why Policy and
                                                                      Page 32 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
