                         TRANSCRIPT
that they did think that the one-of-a-kind design was constructible.
However, once our contract discussions with Moffatt & Nichol began, they
submitted an updated construction cost of $12.2 million with an updated
design fee of $2.4 million. After some ongoing discussions with them about
the cost of the bridge and about that fee, we ended up with an updated
construction cost estimate of $12.8 million. When we look at soft costs
including the 20 percent design fee, that got us to a $17 million project
budget. There's a little information here about our current project budget,
which is just about $10 million. There's some additional funding that the
VTA has identified, $350,000. There is also an offer from Google, who is
very interested in seeing this project proceed, to contribute $1 million.
There are some strings attached to that offer that Staff needs to investigate
before we can have much certainty that it would work out. If we were able
to ultimately accept that contribution, the updated project budget would be
about $11.4 million. There's also some potential funding from the Santa
Clara County Recreation Funds that had been allocated for the Stanford
Perimeter Trail and could potentially be available for this project. Looking
forward at the cost comparisons and ideas for moving forward, our
recommendation as you've seen in the report is to go out to an RFP that
would look toward a more standard design closer to our existing budget
while trying to incorporate design features that came from the design
competition and that might somewhat increase the costs, but that we'd be
kind of able to evaluate on a one-off basis. I wanted to clarify that when
we're using the term "standard" here, we're primarily referring to a more
standard bridge structural system, like a concrete box girder or steel girder.
It doesn't necessarily mean that we're saying just a Caltrans standard
narrow bridge that you might see in other places. We would still be looking
at enhancements to the standard structural system design. We just wanted
to point out that we do think that, even despite the current budget of $10
million that was established in 2011, we know costs have increased since
then. Caltrans' cost index would suggest that they've gone up about 40
percent. We're kind of conservatively showing this more standard bridge
cost range of $10-$12 million now. With Moffatt & Nichol's design, I
referenced the $17 million cost estimate. Although we've been discussing
that estimate, their design uses a one-of-a-kind structural system that
combines girders and a self-anchored suspension system.           We're very
concerned about that unique design, that it could lead to delays and costs
beyond that $17 million estimate. In fact, Staff and in particular Elizabeth
Ames, the Project Engineering on this, has talked to multiple bridge
contractors and a designer who did some review of the design and stated
that they though the ultimate cost would be much more than $17 million.
This slide shows some examples of four bridge projects that were completed
fairly recently, over the last 3-5 years. The two on the left, the Ralston
Avenue in Belmont and Permanente Bridge in Mountain View, are concrete
                                                                      Page 104 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
