                         TRANSCRIPT
that subsequent projects would have a reduced timeframe from getting legal
contracts—I know that's been part of what we've had to work out and
understand, how we wanted to frame those contracts as well as Staff issues.
Do we think it would take less time on subsequent proposals than it has to
date?

Ms. Ratchye: The beauty of the CLEAN Program is that the contract is
standard and already worked out. There shouldn't be any time with that.
We have had no applications so far. None, so we have not had the City's
application for the garage, and we haven't had the Universalist Church
application either. I wanted to clarify that once someone puts in an
application and they have executed the Power Purchase Agreement that's
part of CLEAN, then they've captured their kilowatts or megawatts and
reserved that rate, that price, in the contract. They have one year to get to
the commercial operation date after they execute that. There's a time
period. The way that we have been doing it, where we return to Council
annually and reassess what's the current avoided cost and should we update
the CLEAN rate, is a fairly good way to do it. Now you're suggesting having
Staff come back with setting what that is in advance without the knowledge
of what the actual avoided cost will be. I'm not sure how that would work.
I'm not sure that—I don't know if this is kosher to say—your proposed
motion about having this for a one-year period is advisable. The very first
year we had the program, we had an end date. After that year, we decided
that the end date doesn't make sense. The program will just continue until
we hit the cap on the program, but we'll keep returning each year to offer
the Council an opportunity to adjust the prices.

Council Member Burt:      One issue is whether we should extend the
chronological cap and have a megawatt cap. Correct?

Ms. Ratchye: That would be workable.

Council Member Burt: I am game to have it go to the megawatt cap and
drop the one year.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to clarify what I think the intention was. It
wasn't that you would be forecasting what the market rate is. It's that
instead of being at cost or cost plus 6.5 cents, we would almost ...

Council Member Burt: That's the second part of this.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Again, just to clarify. I think we're just
talking about a percentage of getting closer to market. You could even
come back with a table that said, "We're X percent away this year. We're
going to be Y percent," and get closer and closer over time.
                                                                        Page 48 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/27/15
