                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I feel like the Council has articulated that in the last motion on
May 18th. I think if you include it here, it's understood. I have notes on it.

Council Member Scharff: Does Director Gitelman feel the same way? A year
from now, I can say, "Where is it? You promised." The only question I
really had on this to the Mayor was the PTOD stuff. Your reasoning, I
assume, was that you wanted to make sure that the formula retail issues
were included in the PTOD. Is that correct? That's what I saw as the
difference.

Mayor Holman: Yes. That's one. Also, it's a consistency of application of
rules. City Attorney I think has ...

Ms. Stump: Just to clarify, the PTOD is not on Cal. Ave. It does not—it's not
subject to the formula retail portion of the Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: There's none on California Avenue, okay. It goes to—I'm
going from memory here, because I did not get it looked up. It does go
north and south of California Avenue.

Council Member Scharff: Does Staff see any problem with including PTOD or
not? There's no formula retail requirements embedded in it. It requires
ground-floor retail anyways. Isn't it just consistent?

Mr. Lait: I ..

Mayor Holman: Could I make a suggestion? Because this is going to come
back for a second reading, could Staff provide the clarification on that for the
second reading? That would help us move along this evening. Would that
be agreeable to ...

Council Member Scharff: That's fine. That's fine.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: If you're amenable to it, I'd like to add a vehicle to
grant the existing formula retail businesses a conditional use permit, so that
they know that we're not trying to drive them out. They're not suddenly
thinking that they're nonconforming uses; that they're welcome to stay
there; that they're welcome to be there.

Ms. Stump: Council Member Scharff, Madam Mayor, if I may? This idea just
coming up tonight and quickly consulting, it may be that we'll recommend a
different mechanism to accomplish that.

Council Member Scharff: That's fine. Just come up with a vehicle.
                                                                         Page 66 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
