                         TRANSCRIPT
questions that the National Research Center puts in their report. We have
the ability each year to add some customized. The number of questions we
add will drive costs. If there are some specific areas that you want to know
that level of detail, send me those questions and we can put them in our
survey. It would be like the ones we asked this year about where should we
locate multifamily housing if we have to buy it, what do you think about
traffic during these particular hours. We can add those types of questions.
I'd be interested in knowing what kinds of questions are important to you.
Also this was the first time that we've done an open-ended question that
was so broad. Was that helpful? That would be helpful.

Council Member Scharff: Since you've brought that up, was the answer to
that people want housing in the Baylands?

Ms. Richardson: Pardon me?

Council Member Scharff: Was that the answer, that people want housing in
the Baylands? Where do we have east of 101 in Palo Alto?

Ms. Richardson: Those were the choices that were given to me. I worked
with the City Manager's Office and Planning Staff. We identified some areas.
You can't build in the Baylands, but you can maybe do some other
construction nearby. If you have specific questions, that would be helpful. I
would like to know, again, if the open-ended question was helpful, the way
we did it.

Council Member Scharff: I also thought the preventive healthcare stuff was
off clearly. Going from 73 to 82, people were much happier with the
availability of preventive health services and availability of affordable
healthcare and quality of healthcare. People were much happier with that. I
thought that was interesting. When you get to page 8, it was really
interesting. When you look at land use, planning and zoning, it's up to 43,
as I mentioned. Code enforcement is also interesting. People are happy
with that at an historically high level. We're at 62 percent. It's never been
62; it's gotten to 61 in 2012. It has never been as high as 62, but that may
not be statistically significant. The lowest it's gone is 55 back in 2003. It
seems to be about the same. The most interesting thing is look at the huge
increase in 2013 to 2014 on economic development, from 61 to 73. Are
there value judgments in there that this is a good thing or this is a bad
thing? When people say this, are they saying they're satisfied with it?
They're happy with the economic development?

Ms. Richardson: Let me look at the question real quick. How the question
was worded might help with that. It's under the category please rate the

                                                                      Page 19 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
