                          TRANSCRIPT
organically transit-oriented development.       We lost our way for a few
decades, but it is, many people think, actually the strongest commuter rail
route in the country in terms of its potential. We certainly recognize that
there are high values to BART to San Jose and Santa Clara. We think that
the value of Caltrain is at least as important. We recognize that the
Leadership Group and you have done work on helping that Caltrain funding.
When we look at it and we look at the proportionality of the funding to BART
to San Jose versus the funding for Caltrain, that's the issue that we're really
trying to focus on.      I fully agree with you that issues like platform
lengthening are crucial to the capacity of Caltrain. Platform lengthening and
longer trains allows more capacity without having first to add more trains.
Ultimately, whether it's Caltrain alone or if high speed rail, which has now
come about as back on the table in the blended system, comes forward with
its number of trains per hour, we're talking about ten trains per hour per
direction. That's 20 trains an hour. We currently have a train every six
minutes. It would become a train every three minutes on grade crossings
that are already at virtual gridlock. This is what a lot of my colleagues have
been really focusing on, that on the horizon we don't have a choice or a
preference for grade separations. It's a necessity. If we don't have it, we're
going to choke off these cities that are crown jewels of the Valley and really
destroy not only our communities but our economies. We're going to have
to have that. As my colleagues have said, we really ought to and need to be
looking at a 50 or 100-year vision of what that would look like. We'll have to
have that discussion. I have more follow-ups, but I'll cede the mike for now.

Mr. Guardino: Council Member Burt, thank you. If I may. Remember when
you and I were growing up, Reese's peanut butter cups came out. They had
those great commercials of somebody walking down the hall with a Hershey
bar and somebody walking down the hall with some peanut butter. They ran
into each other. That's how I view BART and Caltrain. Let's talk about those
two systems for just a moment. BART's a 104-mile system currently.
They're doing some extensions, of course. Caltrain is 79 miles. BART
carries over 400,000 weekday passenger trips. Caltrain's bursting at the
seams with 61,000 weekday passenger trips. BART has a fare box return of
nearly 75 percent, one of the highest in the country. Caltrain has a fare box
return of nearly 70 percent, one of the highest in the country. These are
great systems. We're finally going to bring them together. It may not be
one system around the Bay which would be ideal, but at least it's going to be
rapid rail around the Bay. We're committed to them both. We've put our
wallets where our words are through numerous campaigns to not only run
the campaigns, to tax themselves, but to fund both those systems. That has
to continue. I will say, as you and I have talked about privately and I have
committed to many times publicly, our organization of 400 employers in this
valley won't support any measure that doesn't have a very strong
                                                                        Page 80 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
