                         TRANSCRIPT
second reading. It's not a minor language change. We would recommend
then that that would be a new Ordinance which you could do at any time.

Council Member Scharff: Right. But coming back, if you came back to us
when we implemented it, we would pass this, but then we'd basically pass
an amendment on a first reading and then 30 following days it could come
back. The question is could you get it done by 30 days. That's really the
question on that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, I think what we want to do is, at
least the intention with this is to pass the Ordinance and then my intention
was not—because I don't think it's probably possible—to bring back "G" to
be applied to a second reading. We want to get the Ordinance in place.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I said.

Mayor Holman: Then we want Staff to come back as soon as feasible with
information about this, that we then would either amend or not amend this
Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff: Right. That's exactly what I said. I just asked if it
was possible to come back soon. I mean, the longer it takes (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman:     Soon.    Soon, yes.     As soon as feasible.          Is that
understandable and clear and okay with Staff?

Ms. Stump: The direction is clear. Based on what the Assistant Planning
Director said, that's not the type of analysis that we could accomplish in the
timeframe of a second reading. When it does come back, then it needs to
come back for policy direction and then we would come back with an
Ordinance. It's two steps there. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Jonathan, did you have something else?

Mr. Lait: Yes, I do. It looks like the way this is drafted—I'll say that this
section appropriately reflects the PC zoning boundary. In looking at the map
that accompanied that Ordinance, it does look like there are some
multifamily properties here that it really doesn't make any sense to include
them in the green hatching. There is sort of along this kind of a line, a
natural boundary that defines the CC(2) zoning and the RM-40 zoning
behind it. We would recommend it follow that line, if that makes sense, or
we can just follow the frontage of Park Boulevard if you thought that were
more appropriate.

Mayor Holman: This is—that is a PC though.

                                                                       Page 76 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
