                          TRANSCRIPT
occupants, making it further difficult for retailers to occupy space. I have no
second.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member XX to direct
the Legislative Advocate to promote protections for retail tenancy related to
Proposition 13 commercial reform.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Wolbach: The reason I haven't seconded it yet is it seems a
little bit broad. I'm not sure if Walmart or IKEA or Target or Safeway need
that carve out. That's why I haven't seconded it yet.

Council Member Burt: It would affect all retailers equally. This is getting
into too much sculpting of this particular legislation from the dais.

Mayor Holman: I had one other one having to do with CalPERS. The City
Manager can probably speak to this as well as anybody else. The latitude
that cities need to have in relation to CalPERS in order to be able to retain a
viable workforce and balance budgets, especially as healthcare costs
continue to rise and the limited scope cities have in affecting employee
compensation. Maybe City Manager can speak to this.

Mr. Keene: The draft policies, even as it relates to the fall legislative
program, has a number of recommendations relating to employee relations
that give us general latitude to work in this arena and have enough
direction. That being said, there are lots of regulations and interpretations
that operate through the CalPERS and ancillary systems that do lock cities
into some pretty stuck positions, as far as being flexible about providing the
services we need to provide with a workforce of the future. At this point, the
policies are in pretty good shape. One of the things that we want to be
doing on our legislative strategy is having some follow-up conversations
about how we take this to the next level as it relates to ongoing legislative
engagement and activity and coalition building over time. Obviously we're
not going to have any success in this arena as a single city. We're not going
to accomplish anything near what we want to accomplish in any one single
year. The implications of this, not only on the cost side, but in the quality of
the services long term we can provide to our employees, we've got to get
more flexibility in this arena. It's a predicament shared by lots of other
folks. I would like to be thinking, as we have some ongoing discussions with
Policy and Services around our legislative program, how we start to build
some sort of campaign and coalition working on this issue in particular.

Mayor Holman: Agreed.

                                                                          Page 56 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
