                             MINUTES
public hearing, the park owner submitted actual sale prices of mobile homes
obtained from the Department of Housing and Community Development
(HCD). She did not provide current data, because counsel was not allowed
to introduce new evidence. She represented that homes did sell for $50,000
and less. In order for Buena Vista homeowners to remain in Palo Alto as
homeowners, the park owner would have to purchase condominiums in Palo
Alto for residents. The current average price for a condominium in Palo Alto
was $1,247,500, which exceeded the reasonable cost of relocation. The lack
of affordable housing options in Palo Alto was neither the fault nor the
responsibility of the park owner. The record of the case contained records of
Council meetings when the Ordinance was enacted. At that time, the
Assistant City Attorney reviewed a number of Ordinances, and residents
were represented by an attorney. The Ordinance did not name schools as a
factor. The Hearing Officer found that schools did not directly factor into the
criteria listed in the Conversion Ordinance. Based on the plain language of
the Ordinance, there was no basis for implying a legislative intent to require
analysis of available schools when determining comparable replacement
housing. The City Council must follow the Ordinance, State law, and
Constitutional principles.

Mayor Holman noted the time of 10:00 P.M. and suggested the Council
resume the meeting the following evening.

Council Member Filseth inquired about the amount of time allocated for the
expert witness for the park owner.

Mayor Holman answered 10 minutes.         Fifteen minutes was allocated for
rebuttals.

Council Member Filseth suggested hearing the expert witness for the park
owner, so that the Residents Association could have the expert testimony to
prepare its rebuttal.

Mayor Holman advised that the expert witness was not available.

Ms. Nanda reported the expert witness was available for only one evening.
The expert would speak for 10 minutes. The park owner's expert submitted
a report in rebuttal to the Residents Association's expert report.

Mayor Holman indicated the Residents Association had agreed to hear the
expert's testimony the following evening.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 10:00 P.M., with this item
continued to Tuesday, April 14, 2015.


04/13/2015                                                             117- 219
