                          TRANSCRIPT

Mark Nadim: Mark Nadim, Palo Alto resident. We need to prioritize the list
of projects that we need to submit to VTA. On top of this list, we need to
have grade separation, bike lanes and more frequent first and last mile
buses. That will help elevate the issues that we have. We also need to limit
the BART system to San Jose. We cannot have a duplicate system to go to
Santa Clara between Caltrain and BART. We also need to resuscitate the
Dumbarton Bridge rail corridor. That will bring a lot more people across the
Bay from the East Bay. We can't add more lanes to Page Mill; that's not
going to solve the problem. That is going to only be a Band-Aid. We need
buses that bring workers from other counties, East Bay, San Mateo,
whatever. These cars that are coming from 280 are not mainly from Santa
Clara County. They're coming from other counties. We need to have a fixed
budget for Caltrain. Caltrain's capacity is going to double ridership in a
decade. We will need longer platforms and longer trains. We should ask for
more than our fair share. I mean we generate 6 1/2 percent of the tax for
the past 16, 17 years; we've been paying and getting nothing out of it, so
we need more than the 6 1/2 percent. That's basically what we pay in this
City. Thank you.

Lenny Siegel, Mountain View Council Member: I'm Lenny Siegel. I'm a
member of the Mountain View City Council. I'm here tonight not only to
support our Mayor, but to talk more about cooperation among our cities, two
kinds of cooperation. First, there's the simple cooperation of linking up our
bike lanes and working together on Caltrain. In fact, some of our city
commissions want to see us have bike lanes along Caltrain.                That's
something that we can work together on. The more challenging form of
cooperation is the political cooperation that's discussed in the letter. I think
the root of the problem is we don't have a transit system in this county that
serves our existing commute patterns. Mountain View recently did a count
of the number of commuters that go into North Bayshore where Google's
headquartered. Every day between 7:00 and 10:00 A.M., there are roughly
21,000 people making that commute. Sixty-two of them are on VTA. We
are not being served by the county transportation system. A study of our
transportation needs throughout the county and beyond is something that
has to come out of this current process. It's not parochial. I know people
feel, in Mountain View and in Palo Alto, that we aren't getting the money
back that we put into the system. In fact, the system is not serving the
people who live in San Jose and work up here. We need a study that looks
at our transportation needs in terms of where people are driving every day
to get as many of those people off the road and out of single occupancy
vehicles. I urge you to support that form of regional cooperation as well. I
support what people have said about limiting the widening of expressways.
                                                                         Page 62 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
