                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Members, that takes us to Inter-Governmental
Legislative Affairs, if there's anything under that topic.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: It also takes us to Council Member Questions, Comments
and Announcements. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I have something for both those items.
On Inter-Governmental Affairs, at some point we might want to have on our
agenda coming up a chance to talk, more than I want to right now, about El
Camino Real and Bus Rapid Transit. Of course, I'm the liaison from this
body to the Policy Advisory Board on El Camino Real Rapid Transit through
VTA. As we're continuing to work through various options for improving bus
service by VTA on El Camino Real, I'd appreciate a chance to chat about it
with colleagues in a public forum perhaps. I don't know if that's something
that we might want to agendize coming up.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, may I just make a clarification.
I think these are more under the Council Member Comments and Questions.
We put the Inter-Governmental Affairs there if there is an actual to-be-
delivered action to go on the Council's agenda, just so we're there. Not to
expand the sort of end of meeting sorts of things. If we could move Council
Member Wolbach's comments under kind of Council Member Comments and
Questions, that would be appropriate. Thanks. Got it.

Council Member Wolbach:       That's fine with me.     Consider it a Council
Member comment.

Mayor Holman: You had a second one?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I just wanted to report on a trip to
Nashville. I'm sure the Mayor will have comments as well on that one. We
both went to represent the City at the National League of Cities in Nashville,
Tennessee, this past weekend, early part of the weekend. A couple of
highlights. One was getting a chance to catch up with a fellow Gunn High
School alumnus and a former Palo Alto Mayor, Yiaway Yeh, who actually was
working for the City of Nashville on innovation technology in the Mayor's
office, but recently switched over to the private sector and is now working
for Google actually. We had a chance to grab lunch and catch up. Also, the
Mayor and I had an opportunity to spend some time both doing business and
socially with Peter Pirnejad of our Development Center. I also would add
that he also was participating on a panel on ...

Mayor Holman: Two panels.
                                                                           Page 69 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
