                          TRANSCRIPT
primarily for retail, they're packaged for consumer products and retail use,
they aren't considered part of that.

Council Member Burt: It sounds like we have regulatory exemptions that
may or may not be based on real public health risks. I think that this Tier 2
ordinance addresses some things that existing ordinances simply don't
cover. I think it's a real good step in the right direction. I do think that we
have seen some good progression by CPI in attempting to reduce volume
and other redundancies, and that should be acknowledged. On the other
hand, I would not want to be over the fence from this facility. The
responsibility for that circumstance goes back decades. What we're faced
with is how do we try to fix this as best we can. I think we've taken an
aggressive approach that is not as aggressive as some of the neighbors
would like, but is pushing the boundaries of what is legally permissible and
has already resulted in, I think, risk reductions that are significantly lower
than what had been at that site for 60 years, both when we look at volumes
but really even more so in terms of the safety controls and the redundancies
to those. That's probably not adequately reassuring to those neighbors,
especially if there are risks that they weren't aware of historically and were
always there. I think in reality on a scientific level, we've seen a significant
reduction there. That whole notion of can we look at this in a more rational
way, it's difficult. If it's your fence and feeling that jeopardy, it's hard to do
so. In this community, we probably are overwhelming people who would
say to climate deniers that they need to be looking at the science. They're
science deniers. It's much harder when we feel our own eMotions and have
science that we need to stare at and look at that. We have a situation that
has less risk, and still risk that is not what should be there for residents over
a fence. I think these are good moves, and I support them.

Mayor Holman: Because it's a long Motion, I'm going to read it here. Direct
Staff to prepare two ordinances substantially in the form of the draft
ordinances regulating hazardous materials users and establishing a schedule
for amortizing a nonconforming use to be reviewed by the Planning and
Transportation Commission and consideration by the City Council at a
noticed public hearing before the end of February 2016 with the exception
that Staff be directed to prohibit Tier 3 uses; and also direct Staff to work
with neighborhood stakeholders and CPI to explore whether there is a
resolution that could add substantial neighborhood protections such as
better communication tools and/or a shorter period to eliminate the plating
shop from the site while considering CPI’s concerns about the 2026 date. I
have lights from Council Member DuBois next.

Council Member DuBois: I'm concerned about the Tier 3 restriction. We
have industrial zones for a reason. I'm just concerned that we're not really
                                                                              Page 75 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
