                          TRANSCRIPT
return to Council with mechanisms to make non-conforming uses conforming
on California Avenue."

Council Member Scharff: I have a broad concern that goes something like
this. California Avenue is the most important. Cambridge is the next most
important in terms of making sure things happen. My concern is that this
will take so long that they will build the new building on Cambridge before
we have our retail protection in there. What I would like to do is have us
talk a little bit about what we want Staff to do in priority. There's a lot of
stuff here. I'm concerned that we give all this to Staff, and a year and a half
later we come back. That's what you're trying to deal with, the interim
issue. I would say that we need to implement the ground-floor retail use on
Cambridge for new construction and California Avenue for new construction
right away.

Mayor Holman: I heard Staff recently say, I think I heard this right, that
this was going to be going to Planning Transportation and Commission
summer, early fall, and it would still be coming back to Council this year as
an Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. I'm sorry, Mayor
Holman. That was certainly our intention. We're going to have to analyze
this. Some of these items are going to require some analysis. I also wanted
to clarify the preamble. Maybe this is the time to do that. It looks like
you're directing Staff to prepare an Ordinance, prepare a draft Ordinance. It
would be the Ordinance itself that we'd take to the Planning and
Transportation Commission, which would consider these things. We could
draft what we think is an appropriate Ordinance to adjust the boundaries of
the R District, taking into consideration some of these uses that the Council
would like to limit, and bring that forward to the Planning and Transportation
Commission in a reasonably short period of time. Some of these other
things, the nonconforming uses, the parking requirements, may require
some additional work. We could separate that out, if that's the Council's
direction.

Mayor Holman: The reason I put in the language that said prepare a draft
Ordinance is because, in the Staff Report under the recommendation, the
second sentence says possible direction to Staff would be to prepare an
Ordinance to define formula retail ... Since it was also stated in the Staff
Report that this was going to the P&TC, that is what I thought the intention
was of Staff, to prepare an Ordinance to take to P&TC. That was the
intention.



                                                                         Page 91 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
