                          TRANSCRIPT
have for it to—I guess it goes in some sort of "S" curve or something
through there—doesn't really work. We need to re-look at this. We need to
say—there's new boring technologies that may make this better and may
make it much more practical. He said we're probably at a minimum of 15
years away from getting that portion done. I was thinking to myself we also
may have better boring technologies and technology may actually change
where things could be different. I don't know how long this process really
takes. I think that's something we need to think about as well. I think this
is a very difficult question on where to go next on this stuff. I do think that
circulation and coming up with a plan for that probably makes the most
sense.

Mr. Keene: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Did Staff have any response to that? Any comments about
boring for instance?

Mr. Keene: I don't know on the boring side. Obviously I think Council
Member Scharff was responding to really what is the Staff recommendation
as it relates to studying the circulation components. We also do have
recommendations related to more detailed study on the grade separation
concepts themselves. I mean, for example, to make a 2 percent grade an
actual possibility, we've got to have much more detailed analysis and work
done on that. I think we've had some preliminary feedback that indicates
from some of our partners that they would welcome that more detailed
information. Obviously if we were to trench and we were to move from 1 to
2 percent, I mean we've cut our costs right there in half for the project. If
we look at the circulation components, that starts to give you other choices,
not only as far as quality of life but—I'm assuming that these things are
going to be different variables that are going to play in different
combinations, both the circulation and the approach that we use. We are
saying that we don't have the information we need right now to drive
towards taking control over our own fate. What we are pointing towards is
that's a key piece of the recommendations, I think, that are here today.
(crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: When we do that bike and pedestrian tunnel, like
at Churchill for instance, even if we don't depress the road, it would make a
huge difference if we got those bicycles off going on that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: First, I'd like to say that I agree with Council Member
Scharff especially on the point that we shouldn't be reacting so much to
what High Speed Rail has been thrusting forward and have that dictate our
                                                                         Page 20 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
