                          TRANSCRIPT
related specifically to the grade separations potential in Palo Alto, both in
terms of the resources necessary to proceed to the next steps in the design
process as well as the necessity of developing funding strategies for the
grade separations as Public Works projects. Third, an overall strategy as it
relates to the VTA sales tax proposal and any other proposals that the
Council might want to further consider, including local funding measures.
Next slide. In terms of the High Speed Rail Authority's San Francisco to San
Jose project segment, as the City Manager noted, this is the immediate
impetus and rationale for wanting to set up a Council Special Session on this
topic. Recently, learned that the High Speed Rail Authority has announced
their desire to begin the environmental clearance process with a schedule
that would call for the release of a Draft Environmental Impact Report in the
winter of 2016 with the potential for finalization of the EIR to be certified in
the summer of 2017. This relatively short timeframe does require us to
begin our activity and preparation for that to begin immediately, with the
blended system, as it's been referred to, of High Speed Rail and Caltrain
sharing tracks as the proposed project concept. I would note that in the
process of going through the environmental review, there have been a
number of unresolved issues that we will need to keep an eye on, including
the potential location of a mid-Peninsula station as well as a passing track
somewhere along the segment that will once again require ongoing both
monitoring as well as potential advocacy as the particulars of the project
become clear. Next slide. In terms of the blended system, this had been
approved by Caltrain and the High Speed Rail Authority in 2013. There is
funding being provided by the High Speed Rail Authority for the Caltrain
electrification which is a necessary precursor to the blended operation, and
noting that the total cost of the electrification project being $1.7 billion. This
is a consequence after a number of different alternatives for the High Speed
Rail project were considered. In terms of the implementation of this blended
system, the sequence that has been discussed previously and that we are
anticipating is that Caltrain, as part of its electrification project, is
undergoing a separate environmental review, separate from the High Speed
Rail project and separate construction, both processes in this timeframe. At
this point, Caltrain has certified its EIR and the again High Speed Rail project
is ongoing with the expectation that Caltrain is proceeding with its
design/build contract procurement. Next slide. Here in Palo Alto, the prior
work in evaluating the potential impacts of the High Speed Rail project in
Palo Alto included work in preliminary design for grade separations with last
year Hatch Mott MacDonald providing conceptual grade separation
alternatives. We do have some graphics that are available should the
Council want to get into the particulars of grade separations. There are
three particular currently at-grade crossings; Churchill, Meadow and
Charleston. Three slides have some tables to them. They're again simply
intended to provide some summary information. We can provide more detail
                                                                             Page 5 of 70
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/13/15
