                          TRANSCRIPT
bike.    We've only gone halfway towards improving the safety on this
corridor. Only once we have the hardscape improvements will we fully
realize the safety improvements. If we were to go back, it would decrease
the likelihood of people feeling safe biking. It would decrease the number of
people biking, and those people would be moving into cars. It really
wouldn't help deal with the overall capacity of the street.          I will be
supporting the motion.

Council Member Berman: I'm also going to be supporting the motion and
supporting the project. I was really struck by not only the number of emails
that we got about this project, but the one-sidedness in terms of the
support. It was mentioned earlier that while folks are tired and they don't
want to come down to City Council meetings on Monday night and I can
understand. There are Monday nights when I don't want to come down to
City Council. Nobody's ever been shy about sending us emails. The
thoughtfulness of the emails that we got in support of this project, they were
all unique. There wasn't a cut-and-paste job. It was people talking about
their kids biking, talking about the experiences that they have driving, really
kind of highlighted for me how positive this project has been so far in
people's lives and how hopefully making it permanent will only increase the
quality of life for folks who are so supportive of it and who have been
impacted by it. I'd be remiss if I didn't give a shout out to Penny Ellson who
probably doesn't want the shout out, but who has been doggedly pursuing
this for a long time and keeps us honest every time it comes back to
Council, which has been I think three dozen times in ten years. I'm excited
for it to become permanent and hopefully for folks to continue biking and
walking and using alternative modes of transportation to get where they
want to go. That's how we're going to address the increase in population
over the next 20, 30, 40 years. We've talked before. It's not increasing our
roads; it's not adding more roads. It's making it easier for folks to get out
of their cars. There's no doubt in anybody's mind that this makes it so much
safer for kids going to the 11 schools along the corridor. I'm a big
supporter.

Council Member Filseth: I think we're all going to support this and rightly
so. The issue here isn't the restriping, why has it been controversial. It's
not the restriping per se; it's the traffic growth which has led to the choice
that we have to choose between kids and traffic. Faced with that choice,
we're going to choose kids. The temptation is we're all going to approve this
and say, "Looks good. We're done. On to the next task." We're not done.
Staff Report says no added capacity, but traffic's going to increase over
time. Then we sort of have this boilerplate disclaimer about mode sharing
and shuttles and bicycles and stuff like that. This sort of seems like kind of
                                                                       Page 100 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
