                          TRANSCRIPT
resources available to focus on them. The cooperation between Staff,
community and property owner is going to make this work. We can do that
if we do it in the right order and the right way. I'm still optimistic about how
this will turn out. I do want to be respectful of Staff resources in particular
as we move forward. I will be supporting the motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I enthusiastically support the amendment, especially
Council Member Burt's perspective on it. The goal is to think strategically
about the whole area. If you look historically, that's what Council's been
doing. In 2006 they called for a California Avenue concept plan. In 2009,
they imposed a PTOD overlay area on it. They did the Rail Corridor Study
which had a big impact on thinking about California Avenue. The Housing
Element specifically called for a new look at the California Avenue area. We
don't need every single detail of the concept plan finished, but we need clear
guidance on critical strategic issues. That would include how much mixed
use belongs in the area, what is the Housing Element areas that we could
identify in the area, what do we mean by PTOD and what kind of
enforcement does it have, how do we think about traffic and allocate the
traffic studies, how do we think about a transportation area in here. If we
could give those guidelines from the California Avenue plan, it would be
appropriate to go to work on the Fry's. I see no reason, given we are aiming
for early next year to have the Comprehensive Plan draft done, that six to
eight months wouldn't be a reasonable time to come back and say we have
enough information to move ahead on Fry's. Just an idea of timing, can we
move ahead swiftly? The real question behind that is can we do the Comp
Plan by midyear next year. These things fit together if we can focus
sequentially on the steps that are necessary. Any thoughts on the Staff side
of a timing issue like that?

Ms. Gitelman: If your question is about timing of the Comprehensive Plan
Update, we're working on a schedule that incorporates the monthly meetings
of the citizens advisory committee with periodic check-ins with the Council.
It's realistically going to take the committee a while to find their sea legs
and get the Council a revised draft. Our thought is it would be towards the
middle of next year.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I was saying that the California Avenue concept plan
piece of that, the critical elements could be finished in six months. Is that a
reasonable goal?

Ms. Gitelman: Presently we're thinking of working on the Comprehensive
Plan as a whole, as a piece in a logical sequence. We weren't talking about
isolating this portion of the draft plan and advancing it in advance. That's a
decision the Council could make. When the committee gets to discuss the

                                                                          Page 79 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
