                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for the confirmation on that. I think
this is good. Again, I just want to double check with Staff. Beyond this, we
don't need to do this as well for any current operations on Cambridge,
because they're already protected, which is my big concern. I think that it's
good to have some formula retail there. We have it there now. Our
intention was to have some percentage allowed. I guess Staff will come
back with more thoughts later about what kind of percentage numbers we
would be looking at. That was part of the original direction.

Mr. Lait: It's not our intent to do that.

Council Member Wolbach: It's not your intent to do that.

Mr. Lait: Not to establish percentages, no.

Council Member Wolbach:       This is kind of like in lieu of establishing
percentages, basically we're protecting the ones that are there now. Our
percentage is whatever is there now. I think this is good for now.

Mayor Holman: I have three lights. I want to make sure that you're all
wanting to speak to this amendment. I have Council Member DuBois, Vice
Mayor Schmid, Council Member Kniss.       You're all speaking to the
amendment. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I originally wanted to speak to the motion, but I'll
speak to the amendment. I agree with Mayor Holman that I would just like
to understand what this means. I think Council Member Wolbach in his
seconding—I was still confused. Again, the Ordinance as it is says that
these would be legal conforming uses. They're protected. We're not kicking
them out. Giving them a conditional use permit or making them legal, I
don't fully understand what the implications of that are. I guess I'm
concerned that that would—does that allow them to then expand their FAR?
Would that be your understanding?

Mr. Lait: Not without a CUP, not expansion. As I understand how this is
going, there's a perception that we're also trying to communicate. We would
be saying that for these uses that would have been rendered nonconforming
by this Ordinance; we're saying you're not nonconforming; you have legal
status. If Domino's goes out and Pizza Hut comes in, that's all fine. If
Domino's wants to expand to the adjacent tenant space, now we're looking
at a CUP.

Council Member DuBois: I just don't like the idea of communicating through
a legal Ordinance.   I think we can communicate, say you're legal

                                                                      Page 69 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
