                             MINUTES
that the relocation specialist was sufficiently independent to resolve those
matters.

Ms. Stump clarified that the Motion was direction to Staff to return with
specific written language documenting the Council's decision. As long as
Staff understood the Council's intentions, they could provide a draft. The
Council would have an opportunity and an obligation to review the draft and
make adjustments as needed to conform with its intentions.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove “In addition” from Section e) in the
Motion.

Council Member Burt expressed concern that the appraisal did not reflect a
more complete definition of amenities in the community. The Motion did not
provide any guidance for the considerations the Council discussed. If the
Council proceeded in that direction, it would have no method to verify that
occurred. The Council could direct that some form of reappraisal with the
new methodology be presented to the Hearing Officer for approval and that
the closure plan would not be officially approved until that act had occurred.
He inquired whether Council Members were interested in including those two
actions in the Motion.

Council Member Scharff explained that appraisals utilized various legal
approaches.   He was concerned that the Council would be telling an
appraiser how to do his job, when none of the Council understood the
business of appraisal. However, he would discuss the idea in order to
understand Council Member Burt's intentions.

Council Member Burt was not proposing a methodology for an appraisal, but
a scope for items to be considered. The appraiser would continue to utilize
an established methodology. He questioned whether the existing scope
captured the full breadth of amenities. If the scope was limited to those
factors stated in the Ordinance, then the language of the Ordinance would
have been different.

Council Member Scharff asked which factors Council Member Burt would
want to include.

Council Member Burt answered schools and safety.

Council Member Scharff asked if the appraiser should consider only mobile
home parks in communities which had good schools and which were safe.
Those were value judgments.

                                                                        Page 28 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
