                          TRANSCRIPT
I'm sure will be. I don't know if now's the time for motions, or I can let
other Council Members make comments.

Mayor Holman: Let's see if we have any questions to be answered, and
then we'll come back. If you'd like to be in line for making a motion, I'm
happy to come back to you.

Council Member DuBois : First of all, I want to give a shout out to the last
scout here. I think if you make it to the end of the meeting, you should get
two merit badges, if you make it all the way through. I just want to say
there were two articles today. There was one in the Wall Street Journal,
one in The New York Times that touched on this subject. The Wall Street
Journal was talking about fast food restaurant salaries. They said the
national average is already $9.60, and many chains like Chipotle are well
above that. The New York Times article discussed exactly the issue that
Mr. Ekwall discussed: tipped workers. It was about restaurants around the
country that are really moving to a no tipping policy. They're charging a
service fee and they're distributing that money among all the workers in the
restaurant, not just the wait staff. That's being done in Seattle, New York,
Berkeley, and other places. I think we should remember there are options
that businesses can do on their own. My position on this was pretty simple.
We do live in an expensive place to live. Minimum wage hasn't kept up
with the cost of living since it was instituted. We need to be aware of
surrounding communities.       I think there's a lot of value to be at a
comparable level to the cities around us, but we don't want to hurt
businesses by pushing too hard or too fast. I really felt the $11 an hour
was a reasonable compromise. To go beyond that $11 an hour, the next
step of this is really to do some extensive community outreach and look
into coordinating on a regional basis, I think, with San Jose and other cities
in our area. That's my perspective.

Council Member Kniss: I would only add to that I certainly support this. I
want to make sure when we get to the motion, Mayor Holman, that the
wording is the same as what's currently up on the board. It is actually
different than what occurred in the Minutes at least as I read it as to intent.
I think what I just heard Council Member DuBois say is that this would start
a discussion with other cities and a reaching out program. Am I correct?
That's what I would be in favor of. I'm very much enthused about the $11
tonight and a discussion of collaboration to see where we will go by 2018.
Thanks.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I'd just like to address a couple of issues
that are often raised in opposition to raising the minimum wage. We can
have maybe a separate conversation about tipped employees. I'm not sure

                                                                          Page 31 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
