                         TRANSCRIPT
I've often wondered where those spots are. I tracked the numbers that they
claim back to this engineering report in 2001, in which they are parking
benefit units of those businesses that invested in garages. They built two
garages, 700 parking spaces. The benefit units add up to 9,100. I'm
wondering are we, every time a new building goes up, creating the need for
more parking. Are we increasing our parking demand? Those units don't
buy any spot in town. You don't have to answer me now, but I guess before
we make a commitment to a given demand and supply, I'd like to know
whether we have legal or Council obligations for 9,100 spaces. That seems
to be something that comes to Council with every permit required. Briefly,
let me just mention the other things that have already been mentioned. I
think someone brought up the fact that good data is important, and we don't
seem to have the details of who is using, how often they use, what's the
split among uses, they dynamics of uses. Good data is something that
hopefully will flow during Phase 2 to us. I think the issue has been brought
up again and again about the distribution mechanism that attempts even at
concentric rings don't quite ring true, because people want to be close to
where they're going, and they'll be pressure on the near-in spaces all the
time. We need a mechanism for distribution. Finally, the question came up
is there any transfer of hang ties or household permits. Is there a black
market for household buying some visitor permits and putting them on the
market? How can we set up a system that would catch an underground
market for permits? I guess with that we're ready to move to Council other
questions or recommendations. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I am ready to try a motion. I'm going to go back;
I'm now on page 991 which is the recommendation from Staff. I would
suggest that we do "A", "B," a piece of "C," and "D." What I would move is
we conceptually approve the annexation of the areas that are listed here,
conceptually approve additional adjacent neighborhoods for eligibility of
annexation into the RPP District, and then direct Staff to return with a
Resolution to implement those changes and parameters.             However,
scheduled to begin in March. I'm not going to include limiting the permit
sales nor modifying—I think we need to look further at "B," but I'd be
interested if somebody has a better idea for going forward. Also, last "D,"
direct the Staff to return with an analysis of program costs and revenues,
etc. That's my motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: What you're leaving out is "A" and "B" under "c?"

Council Member Kniss:    No.   What I'm leaving out is "A," because I don't
want us to be that ...

Council Member Burt: "Ca."

                                                                     Page 58 of 126
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 12/14/15
