                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you for pointing that out. Colleagues do all have at
places some draft potential prioritization and motions that the Planning
Director crafted. It's got Item Number 14 stamped on it. Speaking to the
prioritization, as Council Member DuBois just spoke.

Council Member DuBois:        Actually Council Member Burt went into the
organization, Number B. I was going to suggest we finish that off first. If I
could speak real quick to it?

Mayor Holman: Please.

Council Member DuBois: I liked the proposed number of elements, I guess,
with the addition of calling out the Governance Element. Just let me check
my notes real quick. I think that's it. Hopefully we can knock this one off
quickly.

Mayor Holman: Say that again, Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I like Staff's proposal for the number of
elements. I think we need to add governance to the list. I am open to
where we want to put noise.

Mayor Holman: Are you putting that into a motion?

Council Member DuBois: I can. I guess I would move that we organize the
Comprehensive Plan Update into the elements suggested by Staff with the
addition of a Governance Element.         If people want to propose an
amendment for noise, I'd be open to that.

Council Member Burt: I'll second it. I'll second the proposed motion.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to organize the Comprehensive Plan Update with the Elements
recommended by Staff with the addition of Governance.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member DuBois. Do you care to speak to
your motion?

Council Member DuBois: No.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, care to speak to your second?

Council Member Burt: Yes. I would offer an amendment that we move
noise under urban environment.

Mayor Holman: Is that accepted by the maker?
                                                                      Page 90 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
