                         TRANSCRIPT
review the narratives that go with the goals and the policies and programs
that the CAC recommend as a whole piece. That is something that will
happen as part of this process.

Council Member Burt: When and how would that happen?

Ms. Gitelman: Currently, we're working on a draft that will be organized
based on your direction this evening to go back to the CAC within the next
couple of months. We'll take their input, and then we'll bring it back to the
Council. We had been planning, as Vice Mayor Schmid indicated, to bring it
back to Council for a check-in in January. If we decide to wait for the
quantitative analysis, as Vice Mayor Schmid suggested, then it would
potentially be a little later than January.

Council Member Burt: How will you get a sense of what should be in the
narrative?

Ms. Gitelman: If the Council's directing us to use the existing goal, we look
towards the existing narrative, updated to reflect any of the policy changes
that the CAC is reflecting, but we're not going to lose the meaning of the
existing if your direction is to use the existing goal.

Council Member Burt: I can certainly see numerous circumstances where we
may say the existing goal as a title is just fine. The narrative should have
evolved between the last Comp Plan and the current Comp Plan. I don't
hear of a process by which that would be discussed.

Ms. Gitelman: The CAC will get a draft for their review. They will have an
opportunity to discuss the narrative, the policies and the programs, prepare
a recommendation that will come to Council. You will have an opportunity to
discuss that at an early check-in. Then, when we've been through all of the
elements with the CAC, it will again come back to the Council, and you will
again have an opportunity to see the entire package, vision, goals, text,
policies, programs.

Mayor Holman:    Council Member Burt, does that answer your question or
not?

Council Member Burt: I still have concerns whether we're giving adequate
guidance to the CAC in that direction and whether we will have an adequate
opportunity to have a thoughtful discussion around it. I think the process
does not address that well enough.       I guess I would like to add an
amendment to direct Staff to return to the Council with—I don't want to get
too descriptive here—for more substantive discussion of narratives
supporting goals.
                                                                      Page 77 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
