                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
interview all candidates for the Architectural Review Board and the Planning
and Transportation Commission.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no lights, vote on the board please.              That also
passes unanimously. Thank you, colleagues.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: I have no cards. I am about to have cards. We have four
cards.   You will have three minutes apiece.   The first card is from
Dr. Alexander Canara, I believe it is.

Alexander Cannaica: Very good. Thank you. It's interesting that the Media
Center is getting an award here, because Michael Killen interviewed me on
this very subject several years ago at the Media Center for broadcast on the
local TV channel. You may have handouts. If you do, my email address is
on the bottom of the first slide, and my phone number is on the bottom of
the second slide. This should be very quick, but I'd be very happy to talk
with any Council Member and any Staff people about this issue, because it's
a very serious issue actually. The first page shows Palo Alto High School,
the field that we've recently put into artificial turf, which is probably the
worst thing that you can possibly decide to do with solar exposure to natural
property, grass, lawns, fields, whatever. If you notice, the temperature of
the artificial turf in the upper right is much higher, much higher than the
environmental temperature or the temperature of the air and the trees and
plants. The lower left is right across the walkway at Palo Alto High School.
The temperature of the grass is air temperature, which is what living plants
do. They transpire like we do, sweat, in order to maintain themselves at an
optimal operating temperature. The problem with artificial turf is that it is
about as bad an environmental choice as one could make. Palo Alto has
been doing this for some years. Other municipalities have too; I'm not
singling them out. I've used this with students to explain why it is so, so
bad. The Palo Alto driving range, for instance, was done in artificial turf, and
I think it had to be redone at least once as far as I know, because of fading.
In Menlo Park, we've got two schools that have done this, and they had to
redo it within a year because of improper grading and so forth, drainage.
The basic point is that, if you look on the second slide, there's a graph that
looks complicated. It shows what we get from the sun. What we get from
the sun is about a kilowatt per square meter of exposed surface. That's
enough worldwide to be the same as driving all the vehicles in the world for
a decade as far as structures are concerned. We should be careful with our

                                                                          Page 5 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
