                          TRANSCRIPT
Twente, that last week won the technical innovation award during the
Bridgestone World Solar Challenge. I don't know if you follow it, but it's
about really cars solely driven by a solar system. We improved that solar
system, the students did of course. That absorbs energy from the sun even
when it disappears behind clouds. That's sheer magic I would say and
unbelievable, but they did it. What I like particularly about it that really
young people in their 20s simply not only think about the future, but literally
built the future. When they finish, they talk with the people of Tesla about
their innovations that they found. I think that's really a very, very good
example how we should do it and that we should celebrate these examples
and show it to one another, because it inspires me. I'm sure if we talk about
it, it inspires us because it's everything to do about a sustainable future and
a lot of hope. When you discuss mobility, and that's an issue here, well, try
to be a bit more daring and try to think about solar systems in the cars and
try to foster it and simply dare to start a project. Maybe we'll join you; that
would be nice. It's an honor to be here, and I'm really glad to be here also.
We had terrific presentations this morning about the concept of joint venture
which you are in and which we find inspiring and a bit peculiar also that it
works, but it does, already decades, this public-private combination. There
are some feelings of jealousy when I look at that, but we try to be inspired
and copy it. The oddest thing is that we discussed angel investors this
morning. After that presentation I had a brief moment of quitting as Mayor
and start as an angel investor, which means I'm inspired. This afternoon we
also had a presentation about APIs. I don't know whether you know what
APIs, Mr. Scharff does, Mr. Berman does. I won't ask you to explain it to us;
it's too difficult. It allows us to create indeed the smart cities with big data,
open data, standardized data and good accessible data and allow privacy.
Of course, if we work on that together, we would really create a platform for
further projects that we could do on both sides of the ocean simultaneously.
That would be really innovative, because you don't have to be neighbors
physically to work together in this decade and in this century, but you only
have to share ideas and concepts and develop that. If we could lead that
together, that would really be very special. We have a saying in the
Netherlands that a good neighbor is much better than a friend far away.
Now, it's probably possible to combine the two things to the technique we
have. I will come to an end because, indeed, it will almost be three hours.
That's not exactly what I want to do. You will remind me as the Dutch Fidel
Castro; that is certainly not what I want to happen. I wouldn't be invited for
a second time, I guess. Of course, it's always difficult to be twin cities and
to really give substance to it, to really make it happen. We all know that. I
would like really to invite you to do our best to find one or two projects that
we can do and just start with it and allow ourselves to fail, but not allow us
to have that bad influence on our relationship. If we set an (inaudible)
example, that's very much worthwhile to do it. I hope all to welcome you in
                                                                          Page 3 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
