                             MINUTES
Marty Zack indicated Caltrain electrification and modernization was a
priority. He urged the Council to proceed with all possible speed.

Vanessa Warheit appreciated that greenhouse gas emissions would be
reduced by the Electrification Project. She encouraged the Council to ensure
that issues of grade separation did not delay the timeline of implementing
electrification of Caltrain.

Robert Moss advised that increasing the number of trains would increase
traffic congestion. Caltrain should pay for grade separations as Caltrain
trains were causing traffic congestion.

Stephanie Munoz suggested not all intersections have grade separations.
Grade separations would be necessary for HSR.

Rita Vrhl remarked that the Caltrain Electrification Project would impact
everyone. Most traffic studies underestimated the impacts on traffic. She
encouraged the Council to ensure grade separations occurred.

Special Orders of the Day

2.    Presentation Regarding     the   Community    Services   Department's
      Summer Programs.

Rhyena Halpern, Assistant Director of Community Services, reported the
Community Services Department (CSD) held 300 summer camps in 2014,
served 4,400 campers, and raised more than $1.1 million in revenue. Palo
Alto pools served 1,500 general admission swimmers. More than 8,000
people attended the Chili Cook Off. Forty percent of the 1 million annual
visits to parks and open space occurred during the summer. CSD was
staffed with 75 full-time employees and 300 part-time employees.
Volunteers provided more than 35,000 hours of service valued at more than
$900,000.

Rob De Geus, Acting Director of Community Services, advised that CSD
offered an array of summer programs.            Staff and volunteers were
responsible for the success of summer programs. Participation in programs
had increased along with customer satisfaction.

3.    Resolution 9485 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation to Greg Betts Upon His Retirement.”

Council Member Kniss read the Resolution into the record.




01/12/2015                                                            116- 308
