                          TRANSCRIPT

some of the key categories of projects that have been included. The
projects list is in some ways a place-saver, reflecting both the specific
projects listed as well as the priority areas that are obviously important to
Palo Alto. Jim Lightbody, to my right, has pulled together this project list by
reviewing existing documentation and studies meeting VTA's criteria. As
indicated in this slide projects related to Caltrain, both operational and
capital improvements, as well as local transit improvements are a key part
of our list. Also showing local street reconfigurations, notably not including
street widening as a priority, would also be submitted, specifically El Camino
Real and, on the next slide, Charleston-Arastradero. We also note that our
project list does not include street rehabilitation needs. With a majority of
the trips that have been discussed in an earlier item occurring on the street
system, we recognize this will continue to be a backbone of the
transportation system, but again rehabilitation needs have not been
specifically called out in our projects list. On this slide we've got what are
really the highest cost projects on our list, the Caltrain grade separations at
Charleston, Meadow and Churchill again, on a following slide, related to our
Caltrain safety needs. The next three slides reflect bicycle or bikeway and
pedestrian improvements. Note that for the purpose of a county-wide sales
tax, this might be a good point to pause and note that individual projects
such as bikeway projects are not likely to be itemized over a county-wide
measure that could be spanning a 30-year horizon. Earlier I noted that
some of these are in a way placeholders, place-savers Perhaps these are
best examples as an expression of need and projects that are in the works,
but where there could be multiple ways in which funding is set aside for
projects like this either through a dollar amount set aside in a county-wide
measure with periodic competition in which specific projects would be
proposed and a selection process could be handled, potentially centralized at
VTA or through some administering agency. A second approach would be a
return to source, as you'll see in a subsequent slide, strategy in which a
dollar allocation is identified for individual cities. Funding would be used on
eligible projects. I would note that to date the only specific purpose or
eligible use for a return to source that we've heard at Staff level would be for
maintenance funding on streets. There has been some suggestion that if
local street conditions are maintained at a minimum standard, a PCI,
Pavement Condition Index, that those funds could be used for other
transportation uses. This also opens the door to other funding sources such
as grants. Finally, other bicycle-pedestrian projects here on the California
Avenue, Palo Alto Transit Center, University Avenue and south to East
Meadow. We also have a number of additional bicycle and support projects.
Finally, on the City's list a number of system operational including traffic

                                                                         Page 49 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
