                          TRANSCRIPT
to go over a brief summary of Phase 1, implementation of the Downtown
Residential Preferential Parking Program, including the permit types and
sales that we've seen so far in Phase 1, our data collection efforts thus far,
and the existing garage permits and occupancies in Downtown Palo Alto.
We'll then go into the stakeholder process and feedback feeding into the
boundary recommendations and the Phase 2 options that we'll be discussing,
and then provide the Staff recommendation for Phase 2 of RPP moving
forward. This slide is likely very familiar to you all at this point. For us, it's
a touchstone, a reminder of the comprehensive transportation efforts that
we're undertaking here in Palo Alto. The three-legged stool as we like to call
it, between parking management, transportation demand reduction, TDM,
and parking supply measures. You'll see RPP is primary among parking
management supported by a parking technology program that we have a
stakeholder group convened on, garage wayfinding that's headed into
design, and the paid parking study that we'll be kicking off shortly. As a
reminder of how we got here today. January 2014, Council directed Staff to
develop the RPP Ordinance and the Downtown RPP Resolution. In March
2014, the Downtown RPP stakeholder group began working with Staff. Staff
came to Council just a year ago, December 2014, with the Citywide RPP
Ordinance and Downtown Resolution. Since then, we've been working with
consultants to bring them under contract, start work on the Phase 1 of RPP.
In August, the RPP permit sales website went live, offering online permit
sales for the RPP Program. On September 15th of this year, enforcement of
the Downtown RPP Program began with Phase 1. In Phase 1, we've seen
very good permit sales happening. Just to give a little bit of clarity on this
chart that was included in the Staff Report, there have been about 4,000
long-term resident permits; that's the resident standard permit that gives
residents the ability to park on-street in the Downtown RPP District at any
time for the 6 months of Phase 1. Looking at the employee long-term
permits, we've sold about 1,500, fairly evenly split between the standard
permit and the reduced-price permit. Looking at the current garage permit
and utilization, we're seeing small—actually that's changed today. You'll see
there the number of vehicles on the wait list. It says that it fluctuates daily;
it fluctuates just about hourly. We have about two to five vehicles on each
wait list right now. The Civic Center garage has a long wait list, up around
120 as of today. We have valet programs on the ground at the Bryant-
Lytton garage, Lot S, and the High Street, Lot R. We've increased the
permit caps since RPP and also in recognition of those valet programs.
They're, thus, selling additional permits in the Downtown garages to offer
additional off-street parking options. This slide goes into the data collection
that we've been undertaking. Staff has been collecting data in what is now
the Downtown RPP District since about 2011. It's a little cut off here. The
slide on the left is pre-RPP, so that's spring 2015. The slide on the right is
just a few weeks, fall 2014, post-RPP. It's small print, but what you'll see
                                                                          Page 31 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
