                          TRANSCRIPT
square footage than City records show the old building could have
generated. Over and over again, we've found that the City has ignored the
plain and simple language of the law to let buildings expand. Staff ignored
the definition of building envelope for 261 Hamilton Avenue and then went
on to allow it to have less parking than legal. They have exempted vastly
more space than needed to accommodate those with disabilities for 240
Hamilton Avenue and 451 University Avenue.           They issued TDRs for
rehabilitation never done to several buildings including 340 University
Avenue. While the law is the law, and you must still uphold it even if the
Staff doesn't. Until 429 University Avenue, the project before you, obtains a
legal TDR with the right square footage, it cannot legitimately proceed.
Thank you.

Michaela Dieffenbach: Hi, my name is Michaela Dieffenbach. I am part
owner of Michaela's Flower Shop. You guys may know it as Stapleton's.
We're not the biggest building; we're the skinniest little thing in Palo Alto,
but we do a lot of business. One of my major concerns about this is the
alleyway. We use every inch of our property. I use the alleyway to put out
my deliveries, to get my deliveries. My husband, who's also my driver, has
to load up. This is an alleyway that I share with all my neighbors. We love
each other. The trucks come in for the coffee shop, the new tea place. They
just moved in; they use the alley. We all share it. My biggest concern about
this is that once this building is completed, the traffic. There's kids that
come in; there's customers that go in and out of our store, every store. The
traffic, Kipling Street is so skinny, you can't get two cars, so they're going to
come down Waverley Avenue and they're going to zoom down our alley to
try to find parking at this place. Some people even go down the wrong way.
I don't know how many times I've come out that door and almost been hit
because someone's going the wrong way. I know that it's going to happen.
You can only go one way down that alley. It's a really big concern, because
that's the artery to my shop and a lot of other shops and business owners
down here. It just really worries me that traffic, the congestion is just going
to stop my process. I'm just a business owner that wants to keep going.
I'm very, very concerned. I don't see how it's not going to be a big problem.
That's really all I have to say. Thank you.

Alexis Andrew: Thank you. I'm a resident of Palo Alto and live a couple of
blocks from the construction project. I have nothing against this particular
style of architecture and modern building. What I have against is the sizing
issues. I believe the building is way too big. The reason for me, at least the
way I see it, is as residents of Palo Alto we have shared resources. Those
resources are the quality of roads, and we have quality of traffic, and we
have ability to park or not park our cars. We have bicycle congestion or
bicycle routes or lack of bicycle routes. We have sewage pipes we have to
                                                                         Page 41 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
