                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: So moved.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman: Was that Council Member Burt?

Council Member Burt: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt motion and second by Vice Mayor
Schmid to approve the Minutes of November 30.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
approve the Action Minutes for the November 30, 2015 Council Meeting.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with all
members present.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: With that we go to the Consent Calendar. You've heard
comments by City Manager Keene in advance of this item coming. We also
have members of the public who want to speak to some of these items. We
will take those speakers first. Speaking to Item Number 4, we have Sandy
Slater to be followed by Neilson Buchanan. Again, when you hear your
name called, if you could move to the front, that would be most helpful.
Sandy Slater. You'll each have 3 minutes.

Sandra Slater, speaking to Agenda Item Number 4: Thank you, Madam
Mayor and Council, for allowing me the opportunity to address you this
evening about the study for a proposed Downtown garage in Palo Alto. My
name is Sandra Slater, and I am a member of the Palo Alto Forward Steering
Committee and also the Northern California Director of the Cool City
Challenge. As we saw this last week in Paris, there's new momentum in the
world to come together and find solutions for our global crisis around carbon
emissions. Palo Alto has come quite a way in that fight already and has
instituted some really effective and innovative programs to address our
transportation carbon footprint and to relieve congestion, traffic, parking and
single occupancy vehicle trips. I applaud you for your support of the RPP
and TMA programs. I would respectfully request that the study in question
look at the data on the effectiveness of these newly instituted programs and
compare the cost of building new parking structures with the cost of
reducing demand for these very expensive parking spaces. For instance, if
you build a new parking structure, it costs about $300 a month for each

                                                                       Page 17 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
