                          TRANSCRIPT
With this in-lieu fund, we'll be able to strategically grow the program so that
the landscape of Palo Alto will change. It's going really well. In terms of the
resources, especially compared to where we're under-resourced in other
programs, it's going pretty well. That doesn't mean we couldn't use more
Staff to grow docent programs to be in schools. There's a lot more that we
could do, but I feel like it's well resourced at this time.

Council Member Scharff: I know you both work hard on this. Thank you for
your service. I wanted to thank the Commission Members as well. I know
you guys put a lot of time and effort into this. I personally appreciate it.

Mayor Holman: I have maybe a couple or more than a couple comments
and thoughts to suggest here. I really do appreciate the efforts and
welcome the two new Commissioners. Thank you for your service. This is
my perspective of course. It seems like we tend to think of art installations
as significant additions. By significant, I mean significant in size, sometimes
more than significant in terms of impact. I gave Elise today a couple of
copies of Peter Kageyama's books, because I understand they don't exist
over at the Art Center. One of the things he talks about is surprise and
delight. I think about some of the things that I saw in his presentation and
have noticed myself around town and such. Because I was liaison for a
couple of years to the Art Commission, I've talked about functional art a fair
amount. We talk about ways that we might utilize art in other ways, maybe
even in addition to the visual arts. I am a big fan of Lowell and Bryant,
along the bicycle boulevard, the lighting that's done there and the decoration
that's done there. It's privately done. It seems like maybe we ought to
consider some other ways along maybe Bryant Boulevard, bicycle boulevard,
to light the way, mark the path, whatever we want to call it. It's great art.
It isn't something you expect to see in a neighborhood. Council Members
have talked about how we put things in the community that aren't just in the
commercial areas.       That's a great way we can integrate art into the
community. It is visual art, but it also incorporates light. I've mentioned
before marking our bicycle or pedestrian paths with markers along the way.
Again, it's significant and it also helps to denote what something is. It's not
necessarily something somebody would expect to see all along the path, but
what a great way to mark that. Magical Bridge Playground, what a great
resource we have there in so many different ways. Those of you who've
known me for a while know I'm also keen on doing something to improve
our alleyways, so they're not just a means to get from Point A to Point B, but
they are an experience themselves. I was taken by the laser harp there. I
just wonder if there isn't something we might do to incorporate sound that's
so artistic and so enjoyable perhaps in alleyways. I'm not saying that that's
absolutely what we should do. I can think of a couple of alleys just walking
down them and you had that welcoming environment. What a great asset
                                                                         Page 15 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
