                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You said you're good with the PTC version?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Just to be clear, does that include or not include the Council
direction on April 27?

Council Member DuBois: I mean, I guess there wasn't really specific
language there. Yeah, using the PTC version as the base and incorporating
some of these comments that you're hearing. When we get to the goals, I'm
trying to figure out where it belongs. I think the one thing that's really
missing is a discussion about congestion relief. I mean, it's kind of a sub
thing. I think it's become an issue that it needs to be more of a top priority
on its own. I don't want to get into wordsmithing this vision. I think you've
heard feedback on that. When we get into goals, I kind of want to talk
about that.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights from colleagues, I'm pretty emphatic
that what the Council comments were from April 2015, that last bullet saying
to add back in the language of the existing vision statement, the adverse
impacts of automobile traffic on the environment in general and residential
streets in particular will be reduced. I think that's really important. I also
think that another sentence from the original or current vision statement is
very critical, which is—I guess it's the second sentence here. Streets will be
safe and attractive and designed to enhance the quality and aesthetics of
Palo Alto neighborhoods. I think that's also an important one to pick up,
because we don't otherwise talk about the aesthetic. The PTC version kind
of cuts to the chase in some ways. It also is kind of a sterilized version of
what the current one is. It takes out some of the heart and color and flavor
of what the current Comprehensive Plan has in it and has to offer and what
makes it such a good document.

Council Member Burt: Ready for a motion (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: The last one is to incorporate the last sentence which is, I
think, stronger and better than what the PTC version is, which is Palo Alto
recognize the regional nature of our transportation system and will be a
leader in seeking regional transportation solutions through long-term
planning. Council Member Scharff had his light on, and then Council
Member Burt. Council Member Burt has indicated he has a motion.

Council Member Scharff: Good, I was going to make a motion. I actually
would move the PTC version, and I would also add that we focus on reducing
congestion. I don't mind what language you use, but I agreed with Council
Member DuBois on that.
                                                                      Page 108 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
