                         TRANSCRIPT
money in a basement, but they really like these shop windows that you go
through. The Ordinance in the way it's presented is very good. You should
adopt it. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:26 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Let's try this. We have had a couple of other cracks at this,
where we gave Staff input on what to come back with. I'm going to suggest
that we have three minutes for questions. We come back then for Motions.

Council Member DuBois: I just have some quick questions on definitions. I
see a lot of businesses popping up which are educational, supplemental
things. There's the Rock Bend place on Middlefield. There's a place called
Cyber Coders in Alma Plaza. There's a model builder store where they offer
classes. You can't buy models there, but it's for kids. They can go and build
model kits. Where would that fall on our list? Would that be considered
retail or retail-like or personal service or not any of those?

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, if you have a second question, why
don't you go ahead and ask that?

Council Member DuBois: I have more questions. Maybe continue?

Mayor Holman: Continue while they're trying to sort that one out. Do you
have a question.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. If I can just ask for a clarification? You mentioned
a model making store, and what were the others?

Council Member DuBois: Right in Midtown Center there's this model building
place, and then there's the Rock Bend class place as well. It's right next to
the Palo Alto Coffee, in the retail frontage. Over in Alma Village, there's a
place called Cyber Coders, also into kids where they teach programming
after school.

Ms. Gitelman: You can see that's it difficult often to classify these uses. In
tutoring children, we've called those personal services, so those would be
allowed.

Council Member DuBois:      That would include also SAT prep, like more
academic?

Ms. Gitelman: We often classify that as personal services if it's a relatively
small use, but let us do a little more digging in the Code and we can answer
that in more detail.

                                                                         Page 22 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
