                          TRANSCRIPT
multiple violations in Municipal Code, Comprehensive Plan regulations and
Downtown Design Guidelines have occurred. In new buildings that are built
here in Palo Alto, the Palo Alto Municipal Code requires the harmonious
transition in scale and character, and that they be considerate of each other,
and the design should follow Context-Based Design Criteria as stated in
Code 18.18.110(a). The buildings need to be responsive to context and
compatible with adjacent development including street types. They need to
provide appropriate transition to surroundings and, in some cases, reinforce
existing architecture. New construction shares general characteristics and
design linkages to maintain the visual unity of the street. Despite these
Municipal Codes, to the contrary this building discourages the use of
Downtown alleyways for pedestrian and bicycle-only use and prevents shops
from opening onto the alleyway. The Kipling Street secondary business
district considerations are ignored. Precious ground-floor retail space is lost.
Insufficient parking adversely affects traffic, safety and the neighboring
residential areas. This design is simply not compatible. There are no shared
characteristics or design linkages with the neighboring buildings. Visual
unity of the street is not maintained. This large scale and mass detracts
from the pedestrian-oriented design. You can see the building on the right
and the 1 1/2 to 2-story buildings on the left; these are just incompatible.
You don't need a degree in architecture to see that. This is a colossal
building being proposed on the narrowest street in Downtown Palo Alto. In
the aerial photo to the left, outlined in red shows where this proposed
building is to be built on narrow Kipling Street. It takes up approximately
one-half of the block. On the right here, you see this colossal building
looming over narrow Kipling Street. This is a very deceptive rendering
showing this building from the perspective of University Avenue. It appears
there is a large plaza across the street from this building, which there is
none. It minimizes the actual building size and mass effect. The upper
floors should be set back according to Code, but they have only done so
here in the left-hand upper portion of the building. All exposed sides should
be treated equally according to Code. This ugly, solid wall, two stories high,
faces University Avenue.       This flat wall does not provide harmonious
transition and violates the roofline transition.     Another very deceptive
rendering makes Kipling Street look like a spacious plaza. You can see from
behind the old Apple building what appears to be this large plaza with people
walking by. No such plaza exists at all. The false setback appears to
minimize the building size and height. In actuality, to view this building
from this vantage point, you have to be standing across at the residence at
443 Kipling Street, which was conveniently erased to make the building look
smaller. The only thing that's accurate about this photo is the large
shadowing that's occurring across Kipling Street from this massive building.
This building violates numerous Ordinances, inappropriate size and massing
on narrow Kipling Street. The upper floors require setbacks as transition to
                                                                        Page 25 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
