                         TRANSCRIPT
For me, when I look at these issues—just wanted to actually make one
correction. Not everyone voted yes on Maybell; I for one did not vote for it.
I voted for it not because of my personal beliefs. It wasn't because I'm pro
housing or anti housing. It wasn't because I didn't want more senior
housing, because really the City needs it. That's not why. The reason why I
voted against it was because there wasn't proper notice. I didn't believe
Staff gave proper notice. I believed that if this went to Council, it would
have been blindsided, it would have caused a firestorm. No one could build
something like that in a neighborhood without proper notice. That's why I
voted against it. I kind of believe that besides what's written on the web
page for PTC, what's important for PTC to do is to actually make sure that
the Council's never blindsided, that we take the time to fully vet issues to
make sure that all these kind of issues kind of come to the surface. I think
as a Council Member said earlier—I was looking at the agenda earlier.
There's like 40 items on the agenda. I mean, it's just insane. The PTC focus
is just on planning and transportation issues. We can spend time to really
dive in and make sure that there aren't skeletons in the closet. I think for
the community's sake, for the Council's sake it's important for us to do that.
That said, we serve at the pleasure of Council. We are here to help Council.
I think all the Commission Members have certainly heard the feedback from
Council. We're going to try our best to make sure that we are able to serve
in the best way possible. Thank you for everyone's feedback.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I just wanted to first of all say I do
actually appreciate all of your service. I do know how hard you all work at
it. I was struck by Commissioner Rosenblum going through all the PCs,
making a spreadsheet, looking at it. I know that's the kind of level of detail
you do. Then I was struck by Chair Tanaka's comment that we don't get
blindsided as a Council. I think that's really what we're looking for, that you
vet things on a deeper level. I know you do all this work. I've heard other
Council Members say things like, "We'd like to see if there's a minority
opinion. We'd like to see it clearly spelled out in the Minutes. We'd like to
see your reasoning for things." I know you do all this work, and I think it's
transferring that reasoning and all that work and that thought behind it, the
bases. I don't think we need to be on the same page at all. I don't think
that's necessary. What I do think we need to be is in the same book. That's
really, I think, the distinction that we're looking at. If I had to put it
succinctly, that's what I would say. Let's all be reading the same book. We
can be on completely different pages; that's completely fine. I just wanted
to sort of say that and say that I really do appreciate all of your work. I
think each and every one of you actually adds a lot to it. I read the Minutes.

                                                                           Page 63 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
