                          TRANSCRIPT
of ideas at Stanford University over the next 20 or 30 years, started working
in the summertime for Federal Telegraph, where he first got his notion of the
excitement of it. It's the first time we get Palo Alto as a center of
innovation. This little orchard land producing tech innovators that went
everywhere. Why isn't that Number 1 on our list of historic sites in Palo
Alto? It is an industry site. It's the last Federal Telegraph building left in
Palo Alto. Symbolically, it's so important. The Council just voted for a
bridge across Highway 101. Do you know what that bridge does? It
connects the Federal Telegraph site, innovation center in 1909 or 1910, with
the Fairchild building on the other side, where the microprocessor got its
push to transform the valley. What a bike ride or a walk that would be
across the innovation decades of Palo Alto. Yes, I would encourage the HRB
to make sure that our history, where we come from, why is Silicon Valley
here. Every resident at some point asks that question. Why don't you help
answer it for them?

Council Member Berman: I don't want to follow that. That was far more
eloquent than anything I’m going to say. Thank you guys very much, first of
all, for the work that you guys have been doing. I've found this session to
be helpful, because you came with concrete ideas and suggestions and
things that you think are lacking that should be there in idea form. I agree
with a lot of my colleagues that I'd love to see you guys come back to us
with concrete proposals for some of these suggestions. You've introduced a
lot of ideas that I've never thought about. I'd obviously love some more
context and understanding of what the different changes would mean to
property owners and to the City. I can't necessarily say that I'm in support
of all the ideas you've mentioned. I'm very interested, open and curious
about all the ideas that you guys have suggested. One suggestion that was
brought up was an information campaign for owners of historically listed
buildings. It looks like there were 411, I think I saw, sites on the Historic
Registry. Could we put together an information packet and send that to the
owners of those properties? It's not the most creative idea in the world, but
would be a way to get them information. Martin and others mentioned there
is this fear and belief that if you're on that list, you're totally handcuffed to
do anything. If that isn't the case, we should tell people and we should tell
the community. Martin had a comment.

Mr. Bernstein: Council Member Berman, another source of information
packet could be any time a house is being listed for sale, there could be a
disclosure item. The City could request it be part of a disclosure package for
historic property. There's another source of information where someone
representing an owner or buyer can say, "Here are these incentives that go
along with this. Look what that does to your market value. Look how it

                                                                          Page 12 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
