                          TRANSCRIPT
questionable whether it would work in the RPP, because in the employee
component of the permits, they will be assigned by street block face. It was
questionable for two reasons. One, the closeness of the cars as they park
near each other, whether we could get to the license place. Secondly, it was
questionable whether the GPS technology could place it on that small of an
area as a block face.

Mr. Keene: We had this discussion a couple of years ago with the Council at
one point. This being Palo Alto, a question about deploying license plate
readers and the implications of those and that use ...

Council Member Berman: For privacy concerns.

Mr. Keene: ... and how do you collect the data and privacy. That engenders
what would typically be a longer conversation. We have a time schedule and
a sense of urgency to kick the pilot off. The idea of getting sidetracked, at
least at this time, with a conversation in which we'd be dependent upon the
technology to implement the program didn't make sense. That's why we've
indicated all along we're always interested in exploring new technologies.
There's nothing at all that keeps us from doing that with our existing parking
management work in other areas of the City. To deploy it at this point with
all of the uncertainties and variables that play in the pilot just didn't make
sense.

Council Member Berman:       Do we know how license plate recognition
programs work? It seemed like it would be an easier technology for
diagonal parking, where you've got easy access to the license plates. Has it
been used in other communities in non-diagonal parking areas?

Ron Watson, Police Captain: I can answer that, Council Member Berman.
Ron Watson, Police Captain. Back to the original question about the LPRs.
One of the difficulties I envisioned going forward in talking to the
transportation folks is you may deploy hang tags for guests. In that case,
we would not have license plates to match them up, so it would be
completely useless. If hand tags are used anywhere, LPR would not be
functional for that. Some places do use the LPR for parallel parking, but it is
not as efficient as the diagonal parking. Hang tags are probably one of the
big reasons too.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you, Staff, for the report and everybody
from the community to Staff, Council colleagues who have put so much work
into this for so long. It's been a long time coming. It's important, as
everybody said. We're not talking about a cheap contract here. I definitely
understand why this vendor was picked over the others, because of all the
reasons explained by Staff. Looks like the length of the contract is about
                                                                         Page 42 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
