                           TRANSCRIPT
to be the question on the table. I mean, I don't think your report told us
anything that we didn't know, that we don't really want to run a full-blown
ISP service, most likely. I mean, it didn't seem to make sense, going out
and spending $70-some million and competing in those markets. I don't
think that makes any sense, and I don't think anyone does think that makes
any sense. The question is how would you use $20 million to leverage
something that benefits the people of Palo Alto and what does that look like?
I mean, there's all these vague terms thrown around about we'll partner
with people. What does that look like? Does that mean that we lay the fiber
at the same time along with somebody else, we leave it dark? Does it
mean—what does that mean to you?

Ms. Hovis: The partnership model that we talked about briefly here and in
the report is one in which you own and control the fiber infrastructure. I
mean, what we were charged with doing here ...

Council Member Scharff: AT&T and Google are not going to do that with us.
I can't imagine they would.

Ms. Hovis: I think it is ...

Council Member Scharff:        Comcast is obviously not going to do it.     Who's
there? Sonic?

Ms. Hovis:    My guess is that if you were willing to make the fiber
investment, there would be companies that would emerge that would be
interested. We've seen that in other parts of the country. I would start with
this. When you think about how to use that $20 million to benefit the
community—I think this speaks to Council Member DuBois' point about what
are our goals. That, I would say, is the key factor. The Citizens Advisory
Committee laid out a series of goals that were actually somewhat different to
what we had understood when we went into the project. If you have—it
would be much easier for me to answer the question, in other words, if I
knew exactly what you wanted. The communities we work for who care
about making sure that low-income neighborhoods get the same advantages
of the network as their higher-income neighborhoods ...

Council Member Scharff: We don't have any of those.

Ms. Hovis: Pardon?

Council Member Scharff: We don't have any of those.
                                                                        Page 29 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
