                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I guess, since we're not clear on what this means
or what changing it would mean, let's put this in the bucket to come back
once Staff has more understanding about the legal context. I won't propose
any changes for now, because I don't know what I'm meddling with.

Ms. Silver: That's fine with Staff.

Mayor Holman: Did you have something else, Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, thank you. Actually my only other one
in this section, I think, that might be a concern here was already addressed.
That was also creating the consistency between 59 and 55 years. I think I'm
okay for now.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I spoke. I was speaking to the second that I didn't
make.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Wolbach, excuse me, Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: My questions were answered.

Mayor Holman: Mine has been answered as well. Thank you, Council
Member Wolbach. You took care of that. I think we are ready to vote then.
That is Council Member Scharff moved by Council Member Berman to
approve ordinance Sections 10 through 13, this is Group 3, modifying
Municipal Code Chapters 18.13 to 18.15; and replace the Municipal Code
sections 18.15.040, development standards for affordable units, and
18.15.100, regulatory agreements, replacing 59 years with 55 years in both
of those locations; and replace in 18.34.040(e)(3), greater of bonus density
either the State or PTOD. With that, vote on the board please. That passes
on a 7-1-0 vote with Council Member Filseth voting no—no, it's Vice Mayor
Schmid.

Council Member Wolbach: No, it's Wolbach.

Mayor Holman: It's Wolbach. I'm sorry. I can't read that far away with my
(inaudible). Council Member Wolbach voting no with Council Member Burt
absent. Thank you all.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Wolbach no, Burt absent

Mayor Holman: That takes us to Group 4, which is commercial zoning. That
starts on ordinance page number 21, Section 14. Council Members?
                                                                      Page 84 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
