                          TRANSCRIPT
a more meaningful way than existing databases will do, so I get to know a
little bit more than just a name and a listing. We want to find a way to
support the family caregivers in being able to track what's happening with
the health of their parents in quiet, unobtrusive ways but in a comfortable
way that creates peace of mind for both the senior and the family caregiver.
At the root of it, we want to create community connections and create
opportunities for meaningful social engagement. That piece of our program
is called linkAges Timebank, which is the grassroots movement through
which we're activating communities and connecting communities. Just to
explain. Simply, we've created an online platform called the linkAges
Timebank.      The website is timebank.linkages.org.        We launched it in
Mountain View, and it's now across cities all the way from San Carlos down
through Saratoga. We were popular in LA, and we're going to be expanding
into Santa Cruz, Sacramento and the rest of the Bay Area later this year.
Simply the Timebank is a network. People living in a close-knit community
or a neighborhood sign onto the network similar to NextDoor, if a lot of you
have heard of NextDoor. The only thing that's happening over here is people
are putting offers and requests based on their needs, interests, skills or
hobbies. As Lacey mentioned, we have a partnership with the Utilities
Department here in the City, If you want to help someone make their home
more energy efficient and you want to be the neighbor that does that and
you're on the Timebank, you can sign up to do that. You can offer two hours
of your time to that individual to come into their home and help them with
changing light bulbs or figuring out how to make their home energy efficient.
That person will put those two hours of time into "your Timebank account."
You can use those two hours in any way that you want. If there's somebody
else on the Timebank who's offering to give a ride to a senior to the
pharmacy and your mom happens to be in need of that, you can use your
two hours and let your mother have that ride with somebody in the
community. We create community connections. We create opportunities for
everybody to give back into the system. The exchange of hours is just a
mechanism that allows people to know that they're both giving back and
receiving. Some key things happen which is why we chose this concept of
time banking. One is that it equalizes everybody's contributions. We're
conscious that we want to create a network where the person who's 18
years old or 30 years old and the person who's 75 years old or 85 years old
are all feeling that what they're offering into the network is valued equally.
Whether it's Adobe skills training or it’s a French class in the evening or just
a friendly conversation or just a cake recipe, anybody who offers anything
feels equally valued. Another key thing we want to do is that this helps
people in neighborhoods discover each other and their values and their
talents and their skills. We're all living with each other, but that doesn't
often happen. Another key thing that's happening along with that is that
every time a senior contributes something, they feel they're giving
                                                                           Page 4 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
