                          TRANSCRIPT
question on, in my mind, whether the overall architectural design of this
building is good. It has many positive elements to it. It's sustainable
design. It has, to my subjective mind, better aesthetic appeal than some of
the other buildings that we've been having that are modernist style going in.
It also will have a significant use of transit and biking at this location. There
are a number of questions that I still have on how the findings can be made
for the Design Enhancement Exception. Conceptually, rooftop uses are
generally desirable. I don't have some sort of basic objection to that sort of
design, but I don't understand how we are able to make these findings. Let
me turn this into a question for Staff. In that finding, there's a requirement
that it's a set of extraordinary circumstances that don't apply generally to
properties in the same zone district. I don't understand how that gets
construed to mean because there are nearby or adjacent zonings that are
different, therefore, the advantages of those other zones should be granted
as an exception to this project. Second, how minor exceptions can extend
to such significant elements. Let me ask those two things as questions of
Staff.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney. I'll take a stab at this, and then Planning Staff may want to
add in as well. This is one of the first times that the Council in the recent
past has focused on the findings for DEEs. That's a legitimate question. In
the past, DEEs have been looked at as equivalent to variances, where it is
common to have this type of finding where you look at the particular project
in relation to other nearby properties. In this case, what the Architectural
Review Board did is look at the development potential of this particular site
with respect to the development potential of other sites in the immediate
vicinity. The other sites in the immediate vicinity are also zoned CC(2), but
because of a particular section of our Zoning Code which states that
properties in the CC(2) district that abut an RM-40 development or a PC, if
they are developing as a mixed use, they can go up to 50 feet. The ARB
saw that as a distinction between this property and other properties in the
immediate vicinity. The Council has the ability to interpret that differently, if
it so chooses.

Council Member Burt: I would go so far as, whether or not I might think
that that's a fair rule, we might want to change it in the future. I don't
understand how the language that says in the same zone district can apply
to a different zoning, even if it's adjacent to other zoning that might allow a
taller building. I haven't heard any arguments that convince me how a DEE
applies here. A number of us have been trying to convey to the ARB a
concern over how liberally they've been granting Design Enhancement
Exceptions. Variances are intended to be for more significant changes from
what's permitted by zoning. That is generally a higher threshold. A DEE is,
                                                                         Page 71 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
