                    ACTION MINUTES
      Services on an On-Call Task Order Basis for Fiscal Year 2016 through
      Fiscal Year 2020.

11.   Approval of $43,125 for Expenses Associated With the Creative
      Ecology Project at the Palo Alto Art Center and Junior Museum & Zoo
      for Fiscal Year 2016 and Adoption of the Associated Budget
      Amendment Ordinance 5347.

12.   Finance Committee Recommendation That the City Council Approve
      Design Guidelines for the 2015 Electric Cost of Service Analysis.

13.   Authorize the Mayor to Sign, on Behalf of the City, Letters to the
      "Compact of Mayors" (Global) and the "Mayor’s National Climate Action
      Agenda" (Domestic), Committing to Climate-Related Actions the City
      has Already Undertaken or Set in Motion, and Calling on the President
      of the United States to Pursue the Strongest Possible Climate
      Agreement at the Upcoming United Nations Framework Convention on
      Climate Change (COP21) in Paris, France.

14.   Policy and Services Committee Recommendation to Initiate
      Neighborhood Engagement Activities by Conducting Town Hall
      Meetings, Adopting Changes to the Know Your Neighbors Grant
      Program, Referring the Co-Sponsorship Agreement and Discussion of
      Additional Initiatives to Policy and Services Committee, and
      Transferring $35,000 from City Council Contingency to the City
      Manager's Office.

15.   Appointment of Julia Moran to the Citizens Advisory Committee for the
      Comprehensive Plan Update.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

17.   League of California Cities Annual Conference Adoption of Resolutions.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to authorize the City’s voting delegate to vote on the four
Resolutions aligned with the recommendations presented in the Staff Report
to be considered at the Annual League of California Cities (LOCC) conference
to be held in San Jose, CA from September 30 to October 2, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
                                                                          Page 5 of 6
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 9/15/15
