                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Thanks very much. We should work hard to make
sure that this comes back to the Finance Committee at our next meeting. Is
the Vice Mayor still out of the room?

Council Member Scharff: The Vice Mayor's not here. As long as we commit
to doing it before break. We're pretty good at getting a special meeting
together. We're all pretty flexible.

Council Member Kniss: We could do that as well. I would not be at all
opposed to lowering this fee or varying the fee as it is appropriate. I would
like some more information before we do that, which is why we had an
extended discussion at the Finance Committee about it. I don't know
exactly how many overlays exist. The Planning Director has just referenced
nine. That is probably true. I remember being involved in one a long time
ago. I asked an old Council Member, a former Council Member, today if she
recalled the one that Hillary just mentioned, which she did say was then
instituted by the City at that point for a variety of reasons. With that
understanding that we can bring it back relatively quickly, two of us are here
now, I anticipate that Council Member Filseth will be back for that next
meeting. Am I correct, City Attorney, will the Vice Mayor, who is also the
Chair, have to excuse himself from that discussion on the overlay, because
he may be in that particular district?

Ms. Stump: Yes, on the question of the waiver of the fee. That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: He will have to be excused from that meeting.
Three of us will make that decision, unless something different happens
tonight. That's where I am on the issue. Thank you.

Council Member Burt: It's unfortunate that we don't have any of the history
before us on this. Given that this was going to be taken up within the
budget, and here we're wrapping up the budget, and we don't have any
groundwork at all that we can use for discussion. I've been taxing my
memory without going back to my old files and trying to see what records I
have on several of these. I don't recall the fees being a significant issue in
the past. Does Staff know when changes were made to the cost recovery
model that were substantive on this? We don't know that either? Okay.
There's also a question on how it impacts the budget. If we look over the
last half dozen years, it would have zero impact on the budget, because we
haven't had any. Right? We have a number that are potentially lined up
and ready to come forward and are in part being held back by the fees. We
could go from none to a small avalanche. My recollection is that we had a
whole bunch of them in the late '90s and then earlier in the '00 decade. It
was because of housing pressure and a big escalation in remodels and

                                                                        Page 49 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
