                          TRANSCRIPT
all. It is exactly the same size; they just shoved some of the mass back
towards the alley which is the most sensitive area and didn't reduce the size
of the building at all. I think that the ARB was genuinely disturbed with the
degradation of the quality of the architecture and the integrity of the original
architecture and made it clear that, while they stood by their findings, they
would not be able to approve the architecture today. It's still overwhelming
the one and two-story buildings that are adjacent on the street, except for
the two noncompliant buildings that the previous speaker mentioned. I also
wanted to mention that I'm a member of PAN, Palo Alto Neighborhoods,
which I represent my own neighborhood on. We did a survey last year. This
kind of issue of increasing density and congestion in Palo Alto is one that
most concerns neighbors. I also wanted to mention very quickly that
Mr. Mitchell for the applicant didn't quite get a couple of statements about
TDRs correct. They are not correctly or legally given to tear down historic
buildings, only to renovate or rehabilitate. Similarly, when you are given a
TDR in Palo Alto you are not guaranteed that you can ever use it, because
you are not guaranteed a receiver site for any TDR. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Ronjon Nag to be followed by Jon Goldman.

Ronjon Nag: Hello. My name's Ronjon Nag. I'm a resident of Downtown
Palo Alto for 26 years, and I live on 354 Poe Street which is just a few blocks
down from this intersection of Kipling and University. I think from what
we've all heard what we've got to look at is a balance of the issues of new
building, the effects to others and progress of our neighborhoods. The job of
this position right now is to compute that balance. One argument is that the
applicant's proposal meets all the rules. The whole point we're here is that
the rules cannot cover every aspect. For me, the scale of the building is
what is overwhelming. I think it should be a two-story building. It also
should meet the character of the neighborhood. I do not think it is doing
that. I would like to support the appellant. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jon Goldman to be followed by our final
speaker on this item, Neilson Buchanan.

Jon Goldman: Hello. Jon Goldman, I work over at Alma Street. I've been
working Downtown for 18 years, so I spend a lot of my waking hours there
and very much love Downtown. Also professionally, our firm manages a
large number of properties in Downtown Palo Alto. Both personally and
professionally, I take interest, pride and concern in kind of the quality and
compatibility of what's going on in Downtown. One thing I think is
compatibility does definitely not mean that everything should be the same.
This is a very elegant building. I think it would be a great addition to
Downtown. I'm also very enthusiastic about the idea of some housing being

                                                                            Page 15 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
