                          TRANSCRIPT
Commissions and ultimately back here at the City Council. The project team
is hard at work on the design and review process. It's fair to say they're still
in the early stages of completing that work.           The City's Office of
Management and Budget considered the funding options. If Council votes in
support of the $5 million commitment, it is estimated the payments will be
provided in two installments; one in Fiscal Year 2017 and the other in 2018.
The recommended source of funding to make such payments would be, one,
from the sale of transfer of development rights, TDRs, similar to the
transaction for the Palo Alto Historical Museum. Staff estimates that could
generate approximately $2.8 million. The second source could be from the
Community Center Development Impact Fee Fund.             That fund has an
existing balance of approximately $5.2 million.      That concludes Staff's
introduction. We look forward to hearing Council's comments and questions.
At this time, I'd like to offer Capital Campaign Manager Lisa Hendrickson to
say a few words.

Mayor Holman: Welcome.

Lisa Hendrickson, Avenidas Capital Project Manager: Hello. Thank you,
Rob.     Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members.              As was
mentioned, it's been almost 40 years that the City and Avenidas have been
partners in providing services to local seniors. The City has provided a
building and some funding, while Avenidas has developed and operated
programs and augmented the City's funding with its own fundraising.
Today, we offer a comprehensive continuum of activities and services, and
we fund 90 percent of our operating expenses. The City funds 10 percent.
Others have noticed this very successful public-private partnership. We've
welcomed visitors from up the Peninsula and across the country who want to
start an Avenidas in their own community. They admire the breadth of our
services and our responsiveness to our customers. They come to see how
we've continued to evolve and innovate as we customize our offerings for
our unique community. You won't find bingo at Avenidas, but you can take
Mandarin classes. Instead of woodworking, our participants are working
with entrepreneurs to design new products for the mature market.
Avenidas' programs have been replicated across the country.             While
traditional funding sources for senior services are drying up elsewhere, our
public-private partnership with the City is applauded for expanding local
resources for seniors in our community. These very same visitors that come
to Avenidas to learn about our programs don't come to see the building
anymore. Most, frankly, are fairly startled when they walk in our doors. In
the mid-'70s when our partnership began, the City leased the then-vacate
police and fire station to Avenidas, and a community group raised $1.2
million to build the dining room, the kitchen and do some minor
modifications, so that we could open the building as the City's senior center.
                                                                        Page 66 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
