                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.    Adopt the funding Resolution allocating CDBG               funding         as
      recommended in the draft 2016 Action Plan; and

B.    Authorize the City Manager to execute the 2016 CDBG application and
      2016 Action Plan for CDBG funds, any other necessary documents
      concerning the application, and to otherwise bind the City with respect
      to the applications and commitment of funds; and

C.    Authorize Staff to submit the 2016 Action Plan to HUD by the May 15,
      2015 deadline; and

D.    Authorize Staff to submit the 2015-2020 Consolidated Plan to HUD by
      the May 15, 2015 deadline.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: To Consider an Appeal of the Director of Planning
      and Community Environment’s Architectural Review Approval of a
      31,407 Square-Foot, Four Story, Mixed Use Building with Parking
      Facilities on Two Subterranean Levels on an 11,000 Square-Foot Site
      in the Downtown Commercial (CD-C (GF)(P)) Zone District located at
      429 University Avenue; and Approval of a Mitigated Negative
      Declaration.    Environmental Assessment:     A Mitigated Negative
      Declaration has been Prepared.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman, Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined here at the table by Jonathan Lait, our Assistant
Director, and Katherine Waugh, our California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) consultant on this project.       I'd also like to acknowledge the
assistance of other Staff in the room. Christy Fong, the Project Planner, is
with us in the front row as is Amy French and Matthew Weintraub, our
historic preservation expert on Staff. We're going to try and be brief in our
presentation. I know that there's a lot of interest in this project. We will
give a short introduction and then be available for questions after we hear
from the appellant, the Applicant and the public. Thank you. Jonathan.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Hillary. Good evening, Mayor and Members of the City Council.
I'll give you a brief overview of the project before you today. The project is
located at the intersection of Kipling Street and University Avenue, 429
University Avenue. It's a mixed-use project that's four stories, 50 feet in
                                                                       Page 21 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
