                         TRASNCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “Introduction” with
“Implementation Section.”

Council Member Burt: The second is that I would actually strengthen this.
Where it says "will be used to discuss impacts," I would say "to guide."

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, that's fine.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Can I speak as the seconder?

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess I have a copy of the Comp Plan that was given
to me. The implementation section at the end says, "This will come later."
It's not in there. It seems to me the implementation is something that
comes after the Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: If you look at the implementation section of the existing Plan,
it contains all of the implementation programs from all of the elements, and
it talks about prioritizing those, who's responsible for getting them done and
when they'll be accomplished. I mean, this is something we know we have
to do, but we can't do it until the CAC and the Council finish their work
identifying those programs.

Council Member Burt: Mine has the implementation section, so I don't know
which copy you have.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It seems to come after the elements have been done,
and then it decides how they will be implemented, rather than as a base
assumption that will drive what goes on in the elements.

Council Member Burt: May I just respond to that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

Council Member Burt: We're not governed by exactly how it was done 20
years ago. We can set however we want to do it. What the motion says is—
and we'll come back to this. At 11:15 with two sections of the Comp Plan
that we're supposed to yet discuss, I think all we need to do is frame tonight
that we want to have this sort of framework for how the Comp Plan policies
and programs will be implemented. I think that's a good accomplishment
tonight. We can determine when this would come back for more meat on
the bone.


                                                                      Page 102 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
