                         TRANSCRIPT
Director is going to need to wait. Perhaps it's time for some other item to be
agendized specifically on those. I will leave that to the Mayor and the City
Manager to contemplate. Tonight we have to focus on this particular project
that is noticed.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The generation of the question comes from the fact
that there are 57 parking places not onsite.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. I have a couple of things to
add. It's important to step back and think about Downtown Palo Alto. It's a
special place, and people who have planned and thought about Downtown
for generations have had this great idea, which is we're not going to require
every little building and every site to have its own parking supply. We're
going to be collective about this. We're going to fund and construct parking
garages and parking lots that serve the communal good. We're going to
finance those and allow those to serve the individual buildings. One of the
reasons that that's such a great idea in dense environments like Downtown
Palo Alto is it minimizes pedestrian impacts. Every time you have a
driveway that crosses a sidewalk, you have a potential for pedestrian and
auto conflicts. it just wouldn't be feasible to have every site in Downtown
Palo Alto park itself to the maximum that's required by parking demand or
by Code.       Those who have come before us established the Parking
Assessment District. This project benefits from that Assessment District.
Whether that's a good thing or not, I happen to think it is. As I mentioned,
that's a wise strategy in a dense environment like Palo Alto's Downtown, but
it is what it is. In terms of recognizing potential offsite impacts that might
exist if there was overflow parking from this site. We on Staff are comforted
by the Council's actions to establish a Residential Permit Parking Program.
That program is reasonably foreseeable at this point. You have taken a
formal action. You have directed us to proceed. We will be taking steps to
limit overflow impacts in the neighborhood.           Unless you were very
pessimistic and think that's going to be completely ineffective, the Council
can also take some comfort in that. There's no reason to expect that a
project of this scale, that meets all of the requirements of the City Code and
has contributed to the Assessment District over time, would have any
impacts on the neighborhood that are outsized or that could not be
somehow controlled or mitigated by the program that the Council has
already set in motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. One of the implications of what you say,
though, is the Parking Assessment District was set up to make a collective
decision about parking. The financial responsibility for parking might rest
with them. Is that an implication?


                                                                       Page 64 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
