                            MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach respected the Applicant's wish for 9-foot ceilings.
He inquired about the process for the Council to make subtle modifications
to the project with respect to Mayor Holman's concerns about Condition
Numbers 6 and 8.

Ms. Gitelman advised that the Council could either specify the language for
changes or adopt a Motion directing Staff to incorporate those concepts into
the conditions where appropriate.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff considered accommodating square
footage from the second floor on the ground floor.

Ms. Gitelman explained that typically the second floor accommodated
bedrooms and bathrooms. Applicants usually rebuffed Staff's attempts to
move square footage to the ground floor.

Council Member Burt would be surprised if all five bedrooms were located on
the second floor.

Ms. Gitelman noted one bedroom was located on the ground floor.         The
second floor was comprised of bedrooms and bathrooms.

Council Member Burt wanted to know if Staff had discussed with the
Applicant moving any space from the second floor to the ground floor.

Ms. French was not present for all discussions with the Applicant, but
believed such discussions likely occurred. With respect to lot coverage,
Applicants were allowed 2,681 square feet. The proposed home covered
2,006 square feet.

Council Member Burt asked if Staff had evaluated the possibility of moving
some second-story square footage to the ground floor.

Ms. Koo did consider that. She preferred all family members sleep together
on the second floor. She proposed utilizing the ground-floor bedroom as an
office/guest bedroom initially. When her parents could no longer access the
second floor, they would move to the first-floor bedroom.

Council Member Burt asked if the Applicant would choose denial of the
project or moving square footage.

Ms. Koo remarked that she had made many compromises in the design over
the three years the project had been pending.

Council Member Burt asked if she would move one bedroom to the ground
floor in order to obtain approval of the project.

02/17/2015                                                            117- 15
