                           TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Wolbach: My understanding is that it's a very small
number, somewhere between one and three. There are a lot of ways to slice
this, if we decide we want to add people by direct appointment or by
opening up new categories that we ask the City Manager to fill. I think we
should be very thoughtful about how we proceed this evening. I'm not going
to make a recommendation right now. If we want to go down the road of
opening up new slots for Staff to fill, we should be really thoughtful. I think
it's worth noting that when you have 10, 20, 30, even 100 people
representing what?      68,000, 69,000 people in Palo Alto and 150,000
opinions in Palo Alto, there's only so much you can do and you have to look
for people who are capable of working together, of being open-minded, who
have demonstrated an ability to be open-minded, who have demonstrated
an ability to work on a group, and even if they don't look or have the exact
same background as somebody else, can still pay respects to their thoughts.
Actually I would support the comment that was made earlier that if a
minority of the CAC has a dissenting opinion that they'd like to write and
formally submit, that differs from the majority input of the CAC, I think that
would be a benefit to the Council. I think that would be a very useful thing
to have.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just interject on that point. We have
committed to the Council and it's in the CAC rules that we'll be preparing
meeting summaries that include not just affirmative votes that are taken,
but minority opinions.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much. Already ahead of me.

Council Member Burt: I anticipate that when Council Member DuBois makes
his motion, I would want to support it and second it. Having said that, I
want to talk a little more about the process and the aspect of it that he
referred to in terms of basically focusing on getting it right foremost and
what does that mean. I still want us to proceed with an aggressive timeline.
I don't think getting it right and an aggressive timeline are mutually
exclusive. There may be some tension between them, but it's not one or the
other. I think getting it right means that we'd have a Plan that would be
embraced by the community over a 15-year horizon. If part of the concern
was getting the Plan back to this Council for adoption while this Council is
still in office, as much as I'd like to be able to vote on it, I won't be in office
after the end of 2016. I think it's more important that it's a Plan that
basically has worked hard to try to achieve consensus. We don't want a Plan
that is going to be representing a particular perspective that may move in or
out of a majority politically. We need a Plan that's going to have worked
                                                                          Page 117 of 136
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 8/17/15
