                          TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto. The fair includes an array of fun children's activities, performance
stage featuring local entertainment groups, lots of great food and picnic
space and more. In addition, the Museum of American Heritage just across
the street from the Park will be hosting their annual vintage vehicle and
family festival with lots of activities. We hope to see you there to celebrate.
I didn't have any specific comments on [Palo Alto] Perry and where Perry will
be appearing or not. I don't know if, when we're all done, the Mayor wants
to add to it. On my Twitter feed, I'm getting a lot of tweets about where
Perry the avatar donkey is showing up around town and everything in
response to the Love of Palo Alto. Should I break quickly? Did you want to
add something Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Palo Alto Perry, the real Perry and Niner, his good friend,
the real donkeys are not trailer trained, so they will not be appearing in the
parade as we had originally envisioned. That also saves our City Manager
his effort of scooping, which he had offered to do should they actually
appear in the parade. Palo Alto Perry, which is in response to the contest
that the City Manager put out with a $500 startup funding. Palo Alto Perry,
after his sneak preview at the Tall Tree event the other evening, will be
appearing at the parade and will be at Heritage Park. He'll be accepting
comments. He will have saddlebags, so you can put notes in there. Palo
Alto Perry will be making his rounds around town. Just one quick addition to
that. In addition to the parade route being expanded to include Lytton
Gardens, Avenidas will be going to Lytton Gardens and they'll be having a
joint party. Stevenson House will be going to Channing House to have a
party there as the parade route goes by there. Really happy to have them
back included and the cooperation among and between the different elder
homes. Thank.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Anybody who follows us or me on Twitter, one of
the tweets is from Palo Alto Perry. It says, of course this is a stuffed version
of Perry, it's fairly big. At the Stanford Playfest picture, "They love me here.
Thank you Stanford Federal Credit Union for taking me. Palo Alto Perry."
Lots of fun. The Cubberley Artist Studio Program will open their working
studios to the public during the annual Silicon Valley Open Studios. This
diverse group of artists of our newly re-launched artist residency program
will show their recent and new work in progress on May 2nd and 3rd, from
11:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Twenty-two artists will open their studios during
the Open Studio, so please try to put that on your calendar. Since it is
coming up next week, just a reminder to celebrate California Avenue, which
will occur on Thursday, May 7th, beginning at 2:00 P.M. at the plaza on
California Avenue. Our Staff is working with several of the merchants to
plan the commemoration with music and the official launch of the fountain
on the plaza, a recirculating fountain I would like to add. We appreciate
                                                                           Page 15 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
