                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt commented that including schools as a factor would
require a value be assigned to Palo Alto schools. Palo Alto expended more
per student than surrounding school districts. That could be a method to
determine the value of a Palo Alto education.

Council Member Wolbach could not conclude that the exclusion of schools
was intentional when the language of the Ordinance seemed inclusive.
Hearing Procedures in the Ordinance specifically stated the Hearing Officer
"... may condition the approval on additional conditions including but not
limited to the following....". Sections of the Ordinance provided the Hearing
Officer with the ability to exceed the examples given. He asked how the
park owner justified the claim that the Council must assume the absence of
schools was intentional, and how she reached the legal conclusion that the
Council was precluded from considering schools.

Ms. Nanda explained that the definition of comparable housing (similar
access to shopping, medical services, etc.) did not mirror the language of
comparable mobile home parks (such as shopping, medical services, etc.).
There was a difference in the wording.         Because of the difference in
language, she did not believe the use of "such as" allowed the inclusion of
schools. The record of the Council minutes and the discussion in 2000/2001
indicated the Assistant City Attorney reviewed closure ordinances,
specifically the Monrovia ordinance.        The attorney for the Residents
Association represented to the Council that he had reviewed more than 150
ordinances and that the language of the proposed Palo Alto Ordinance was
as it should be. The language of the Hearing Procedures provided a plethora
of possible additional conditions, but it did not necessarily mean additional
conditions were related to or justified by the terms of the Ordinance. The
Hearing Officer's finding of a lack of legislative intent to include schools
dictated that the language should not be stretched to include schools. The
Hearing Officer was allowed to include schools; however, he did not.

Council Member Wolbach referred to Section 9.076.020 wherein "such as"
appeared in Subsection (B) but not in Subsection (C). Subsection (C)
appeared to refer back to (B), thus leading back to the inclusive language.
He inquired whether he was misinterpreting the language of the Ordinance.

Ms. Nanda was not saying that Council Members were misinterpreting the
language. Council Members were saying "such as" led to an unlimited field.
In her opinion and experience, "such as" did not lead to an unlimited field.
The list of amenities following "such as" did not stretch to include schools.
She and Council Members disagreed on the meaning of "such as."



                                                                       Page 19 of 41
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 04/14/15
