                         TRASNCRIPT
an age, but he's got kids in Grades 4 and Grade 6. That at least puts him
likely on the younger side of life. I think it's really important to have that
diversity on this Committee. Right now, we have very few people my age,
frankly. We have zero renters. I think if we're going to put together a
Committee that represents the whole of our community, which is currently
45 percent renters and I don't know what percentage 35 and younger, but
more than one or two members we have on the Committee right now. I
think it would really behoove us to have that perspective on the Committee
that's going to make a Plan for the next 15 years of our town.

Council Member DuBois: Applying our filters, I guess the filters I'm applying
are South Palo Alto, demonstrated involvement in their community and their
neighborhood. I'm going to be voting this round first for Len Filppu. If you
don't know Len, I think he's either president or vice president of the
Fairmeadow Home Association, two kids in the schools, I think his wife
teaches at Paly. I just think he's a good representative. He's kind of
embedded and active in the community. For similar reasons, I'll—he also
had four votes. Then Peter Taskovich had three votes. Similar reasons,
very active in a different South Palo Alto neighborhood, one that I don't
think is currently represented on the CAC.

Council Member Wolbach: I will also be voting for Kevin Stern and Julia
Moran. I also have never met either of them. Their applications seemed
very strong. They're both Palo Alto; I think, they're both young; and they're
both renters. Can’t overstate how important it is that the almost half of Palo
Altans who rent have at least some representation on this body. I think
we've done a good job with the four we've already picked. I think they're all
going to do a great job, and I think they have checked those boxes for
community involvement, etc. I think that Kevin Stern and Julia Moran, even
though they are relatively new to Palo Alto, have shown already an interest
and commitment to the community just judging from their application. If we
don't have any renters and mid to younger aged people, I'm very worried
that huge segments of the community are going to go underrepresented.
They are both from South Palo Alto. I would encourage my colleagues to,
especially after that first round, recognize what's still missing.

Council Member Burt: I just reread the applications from Julia Moran and
Kevin Stern. I am interested in making sure that we have at least a single
voice of renters represented. They're both South Palo Alto renters. I'm
going to cast one of my votes for Len Filppu and the other for Julia Moran.

Mayor Holman: I see no other comments. I'll be casting my first vote for
Len Filppu. I've got three choices for the second vote. We'll see where that
comes down. Council Members, fill out your ballots please and put them on

                                                                       Page 79 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
