                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: "B" here.

Vice Mayor Schmid: "B," yes.

Council Member DuBois: Instead of approving adjacent neighborhoods for
the Downtown RPP, that Staff would come up with a recommendation for an
outer limit to the Downtown RPP and create a residential RPP for easy
annexation by streets that opt in. What I'm trying to capture here, again, is
this idea that we conceptually approve adjacent neighborhoods, but that
they would be kind of entering an area with different parameters. We had
that discussion, but it wasn't clear where we ended up.

Council Member Kniss: Tom, if I understand what you're saying, I can't—I
think what you're saying is you want to have anyone who is included in the
annexation have different rules or regulations that go along with that. Am I
correct?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I don't want to see Downtown continue to
expand without an outer limit.

Council Member Kniss: That doesn't work for me, because I don't see where
the—I'm not sure where trying to rebalance we're actually getting anywhere.
I can't accept that one. I think that ...

Council Member DuBois: I just think we need to define an eventual limit.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to add that I also wasn't going to
accept it. Since Liz doesn't, I guess it doesn't matter. I think the point of
Section F is to address those questions and give us the data to inform those.
I'm open to that; I just think we need a little bit more information first.

Council Member DuBois: My proposal for "F" was that we bring it back in a
way that the entire Council can participate. That would mean, I think, on
"F," or maybe a portion of "F," that we have a discussion about parking
policy Citywide that would evaluate a minimum and maximum employee
parking distribution ratio ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Is there a second for the amendment?

Council Member DuBois: For the first one?

Council Member Kniss: As to what's up there? No, I'm not (inaudible).

Vice Mayor Schmid: Is there a second? I hear no second.


                                                                      Page 74 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
