                          TRANSCRIPT
Senator Hill: Thank you. If I could just respond to a couple of things. On
the High Speed Rail issue, I think time will tell. When the Governor's tenure
is over in 2018, there may be a new conversation around this. It may not
have the legs that it has, the wheels I guess, after that. I will let time tell.
In terms of the security and the other things, you raised an excellent point.
There's a new book by Ted Koppel. I haven't read it yet, but it's related to
something that was a concern of mine last year. When the substation in San
Jose was shot in the middle of the night, someone attacked the substation.
There was very little security. They shot through some transformers; it
destroyed them. The fear that I have and that we will be working on this
year is the security of the grid. That is something that a concerted effort
around the country or in the west coast could put the power out for weeks or
months at a time with—I hate to say it—not a lot of effort. A concerted
effort by someone could create some real problems. I think the utilities are
now taking it more seriously. PG&E is. I've been by that substation
recently, and it is now almost a fortress, which it should be. Those
transformers are very expensive, one. Two, they're not available; they have
to be manufactured because they're so large and important. We want to
really work on that security system this year to make sure that that part is
something that we can depend on. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Senator Hill, thank you for coming this evening, spending
time with us and sharing your thoughts. You know you're always welcome
here. Thank you so very much.

Senator Hill: Thank you very much. It's a pleasure, Madam Mayor. Thank
you. Council Members, thank you. It's great to see everyone tonight.
Thank you all very much.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: Council Members, the next item on our agenda is Agenda
Changes, Additions and Deletions. I believe we have Item Number 7 which,
I believe, Staff is pulling. Is that correct, City Manager?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes, Madam Mayor. We had gotten some
additional questions and concerns about that item. I felt if we just pulled it
off the agenda, added some more information to it, we would bring it back
on Consent on December 7th with the expectation that we would effectively
answer those outstanding questions and not require you having to have an
agenda item discussion on an action portion of an agenda.

Agenda Item Number 7- Adoption of a Resolution Revising the Citywide
Records Retention Schedule… removed from the Agenda at the request of

                                                                             Page 22 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
