                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I just also wanted to add my voice to the chorus of
thank you's. It is pretty amazing, as Council Member Berman said, to have
to leave on an hour's notice and be gone for two weeks. I saw some of the
videos on YouTube. I tell you, I would be really scared if I was up there. I
really appreciate the work you do.

Mayor Holman: It was my great honor to get to come to the promotions
event recently. It was really quite stunning to see what a family the
firefighter community is and to see that this family component, family
theory, philosophy and characteristic, I guess, carries forward to beyond our
Palo Alto community. As to the firefighter community across the state, I
know that Police and Fire units are often deployed to even other states.
That kind of dedication—I think what I said at the promotions ceremony is
just you're there. You're there for us. You're there for any of us that need
help. It's so very much appreciated. Your dedication and your support is
immeasurable. With that, I think it was mentioned that we had recognized
two of the units, but one unit wasn't able to be here. Let's recognize the
third unit right now. Liz, did your light not come on?

Council Member Kniss: Karen, could I add something? I realize I'm Council
Member Burt tonight, and that makes it confusing. I'm showing up on a
different spot. On a completely different note, I want to mention—Margaret,
I've forgotten what your real title is now.

Female: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Sorry. We've known this family a very long time.

Female: It's Deputy Fire Chief.

Council Member Kniss: Deputy Fire Chief. The Deputy Fire Chief and also
one of the firefighters are women. It's really refreshing, because I realize
that if you happen to have kids or whatever that may be, not that it's not
hard on the guys, but it's particularly hard on women, I think, to be gone
that long. In addition, it's just great to see women in the force. I know
Catherine has been a terrific leader. Congratulations to all of you. I know
everybody pulls their weight in exactly the same way. We really appreciate
it. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. It's a great honor to have you here this
evening. If you would extend our appreciation and gratitude to the entirety
of the Fire Department, we'd be most grateful for that too. Thank you so
very much.


                                                                        Page 5 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
