                          TRANSCRIPT
parked. It's Woodmark. I've forgotten the name of the others. There's one
on the corner of Homer, one on the corner of Channing and Bryant. They're
50 feet high; they are fully parked as far as I know. That is a good example
of what you're talking about, Cory, which is a self-mitigating project.
Whether or not it improved the jobs/housing imbalance, I don't know how I
could say that. What it does do is when you get that close to Downtown,
everyone who lives there talks about the great advantage of being able to
walk Downtown. Whether walking Downtown is a Transportation Demand
Management success or not, I don't know, but it's close to it. That's one of
the areas that I would look at as certainly self-mitigating. Granted there
isn't a lot of land to do that Downtown. We want to look at just this kind of
thing, something self-mitigating—that's a little bit of an awkward word. I'm
not sure if we toss that out to the general public without some explanation
and they'll know what it means. I don't see any harm in having it tonight
with that explanation.

Council Member Burt: The modifications that have now been made to this
motion are substantial. We are now talking about whether to allow projects
that would improve rental housing, which is generally the hardest to get
built in the community, that would improve the jobs/housing imbalance, not
merely not exacerbate it, and improve the traffic and parking. That's a high
bar. We haven't had projects doing that in the past. It doesn't address
some of the other concerns about design. As we move forward in our other
discussions, this is something I'm going to want to be looking at in
aggregate tonight on how we do that. This is a higher bar than what we
would be driving within the 50,000 square foot cap, almost for certain. That
puts a different spin on it. We may not get any projects that meet this set
of requirements. It's an interesting framing. It's along the lines of what I've
wanted to see out of the competition within the cap. If we say that we
would allow a project outside of that cap that is not going to have a big
office component. As we've seen on other projects, to fully mitigate the
jobs/housing, it would have to be predominantly a housing project. Then it
would have to have the entire project have a net benefit on parking and
traffic impacts. I'm going to go ahead and support this motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, you've already had two bites at
this apple. Can I entreat you not to?

Council Member Wolbach: This is the kind of precise and careful surgical
changes we all are hoping to make tonight.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we'll be voting on an exemption from the
development cap to be self-mitigating projects, projects providing sufficient
rental housing such that the jobs/housing balance would improve and which

                                                                        Page 72 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
