                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Council Member Kniss seconded it. We could leave
it until June 29th. It seemed unusual to me that we're going to potentially
charge people for this, and nobody's ever been charged before. I'll review it
along the City Attorney's lines to say that there will be no planned revenue
in the budget from single-story overlay fees.

Council Member Kniss: Does that work? I'll second it.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss that there will be no planned revenues from Single-Story
Overlay applications included in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget.

Mr. Keene: Let me interject. We had a long discussion last week on this. I
mean a long discussion. Then it expanded into neighborhood preservation
and then it retracted. We're going to be back in two weeks. I'm not saying
that anything you could do now could be confusing. If suddenly ten
neighborhoods came to the Planning counter tomorrow saying they heard
something. We're doing a lot of unnecessary explaining that I feel would be
better handled with the schedule that you've already set right now. You
have adequate time then to make a policy decision. Even if you're on
recess, we can start to enforce that. Along with what Molly said, there's no
confusion about thinking this was going to come forward in two weeks and
somehow we did something tonight.

Ms. Stump: Madam Mayor, may I?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Ms. Stump: Thinking through the proposal, because these are potentially
revenues and not expenditures, what you'd need to do as a budget matter
would be to place money in the budget to cover Staff work which would
customarily under our fee system have cost recovery fees associated with
them. I'm not sure that fits very well with the structure of the item that's
before you. Again, I am concerned that the public hasn't been specifically
noticed that the Council would be discussing this policy item tonight.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, in principle and in theory I'm
supportive of what you're proposing. To go along with what City Attorney is
saying, we wouldn't know how much money to put in the budget to cover
the cost of this. We don't know how much time; we don't know how many
SSO applicants there might be. I concur on this occasion with the Staff that
we should have this discussion on the 29th. It's just two weeks away.

Council Member Kniss: Could I comment?

                                                                      Page 23 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
