                              MINUTES
annual revenue. The City purchased all its water from the San Francisco
Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC); however, property owners continued to
pay the State Water Project tax. Staff investigated the contract between the
Water District and the State Water Project and noted the property tax
mechanism should only be used as a last resort to meet the revenue
requirement. Funds could be collected through water rates or property
taxes. Staff had communicated with the Water District regarding collection
of revenue; however, the Water District continued to collect revenue through
property taxes.     The Water District claimed the City received indirect
benefits from the State Water Project. The City claimed purchasing water
from SFPUC provided the same benefits. Should the Delta Tunnel Project be
constructed, Staff anticipated the amount of money collected from property
taxes would double. SFPUC water rates were higher than Water District
rates, because of vast infrastructure improvements to the Hetch Hetchy
system.

James Keene, City Manager, clarified that the concern was not the benefits
provided by the Water District to all of Santa Clara County. The payment
mechanism did not align with community expectations for transparency.

Jim Fiedler, Santa Clara Valley Water District Chief Operating Officer,
advised that voters approved the State Water Project and its financing in
1960. The Water District implemented the tax in 1979-1980. Prior to 1979,
revenue for the State Water Project was collected as part of ad valorem
property taxes. It was concluded that was an override to the mechanism set
out in Proposition 13; therefore, the Water District began collecting the State
Water Project Tax throughout Santa Clara County. Funds could be used
solely for contractual obligations incurred by the Water District to pay for the
State Water Project. The Water District relied upon the tax to recover or pay
100 percent of the obligation. The Water District Board determined the
amount to be set aside for the obligation annually. Typically that amount
was 10 percent of the State Water Project tax. Groundwater served as a
backup supply to Hetch Hetchy water. The Water District Board directed its
staff to work with Palo Alto and other northern cities to provide up to $3
million in a program that could create a greater reliance on locally
sustainable, drought-proof water supplies. An advanced purification facility
recently came online to blend purple pipe water to improve the quality of
recycled water. In the future, the Water District envisioned using that same
technology to recharge groundwater to provide further supply.

Council Member Berman asked if the Water District sold water to consumers
outside of Santa Clara County.

Mr. Fiedler replied no.


03/23/2015                                                              117- 117
