                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Rossmann: That's half year funding for the security services at the
tracks. At the current level with all the additional staffing we have added
the last few months.

Mr. Keene: We'll check that. I thought we were saying it was $40,000 a
month, which to me was more like $480 or $500,000 for a full year. In any
case, here's the main point. We only have half year funding for continuing
the Track Watch guards. I don't think we're in a position to be able to say
that that's where we'll be at midyear.         We're not making a specific
recommendation on that funding point at this point, but we want to alert the
Council that as you go into the budget year, we could be in a situation where
we have to come back and take a look at that issue. I just want to restate
the Finance Committee had some concerns about some of the pool cars that
we were using in Development Services and asked that we cut those. My
recommendation is counter a little bit to the Finance Committee's, which
would be keep the funding in there under the condition that the subject
come back in more detail to the Finance Committee. We had preliminary
discussions, but there's some good reasons that we have not explained well
enough to the Committee, with the caveat that there would be no moving
forward this fiscal year with any of these purchases until we got the follow-
up recommendation from the Finance Committee. I would highlight that
we've been having ongoing discussions with Caltrain related to improving
and increasing means restriction to the right-of-way on the four miles of the
Caltrain tracks in our City, including both use of technology at the crossings
and running some pilots there and significantly enhance and complete
fencing along the corridor. There is always the possibility, as those talks
unfold, that there could be cost impacts to the City in order for us to achieve
the objectives and timeline the Council may want us to be able to achieve. I
wanted to identify the fact that we don't have anything included in the
Capital Budget at this point in time. Again, sometime during this fiscal year,
that could come forward. Lastly, I'm going out on a limb here a little bit. I
recall there was some discussion about automatic emergency defibrillators,
AEDs, and additional funding for those that had come up during Finance. I
wanted to point out we did not add any additional money at that point in
time on those items. Those are all of the issues. Again, when the Finance
Committee speaks, Madam Mayor, there may be one or two things that I
overlooked. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: We'll return to Item Number 4 momentarily for the vote on
the ARB appointments. Thank you for indulging the change of order.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I want to say what a pleasure it was to work through
the budget. Over the course of the last five weeks, the Finance Committee
met for close to 25 hours over the budget with careful attention each session
                                                                         Page 18 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
