                          TRANSCRIPT
those that might be bigger. I think the City Manager said maybe next year
when we go through Code cleanup breaking this into sections and bringing a
little bit at a time. This was just massive to kind of go through all at once.
We'll see how we do tonight. It's a lot. Just on signs, my understanding is
there's no change to square footage of signs in any of this. That's right,
right? Okay. Again just to echo, I think it's going to be really tempting;
there's going to be a lot of interesting areas. If we start going off the rails
on each one, we're never going to get done. I guess we'll keep our parking
lot of ideas—we've created a new parking lot, so that's good for Palo Alto. I
support the sign stuff that's here.

Mayor Holman: Yes. Because it's just too tempting, a little bit of history.
Max Smoke Shop neon sign is legal nonconforming.                When the Sign
Ordinance was updated—I believe it was the 1980s—there was great
discussion about that sign in particular. The overwhelming decision was to
leave it because it's historic and iconic in its own right. The other about size
of signs. A former Council Member many years ago when somebody was
coming forward and saying that they really needed bigger signs and they
needed bigger signs, they needed bigger signs, that particular Council
Member said it's just really not necessary because Palo Altans drive slow and
read fast. Just a little bit of history. The Motion in front of us Council
Member Scharff made, seconded by Council Member Kniss, is to approve
Group 1 which is through the top of page 5 up to Section 3. That would
conclude Group 1.        Vote on the board please.          That Motion passes
unanimously with Council Member Burt absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mayor Holman: City Manager Keene is amused at us, I guess. The second
group is definitions. That starts on page 5, Section 3 and runs through—it's
kind of a long one. It runs through page 15 up to Section 10. Questions,
comments. Again, this is page 5 starting with Section 3 and running up to
Section 10 on page 15. This is a large section. Seeing no lights yet, I will
jump in at—Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. That's Council Member Kniss. Council Member
Kniss, pardon me.

Council Member Kniss: Looking at—sorry. On page 15 just above where
we're going to end, where you see the HIE and which we discussed earlier
and talked about, let me have you talk a little more about that, Jonathan,
before we get into it. I want to ask some more questions about it.

                                                                         Page 47 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
