                         TRANSCRIPT
could put on is—I guess there's a 3/4 or some cent sales tax. One of the
things Palo Alto could do is put on their own 1/2 cent measure, which would
preempt either the VTA or the Supervisors if we did, say, a June ballot on
that. I just sort of throw that out there as, if north county is not going to
get what we need in terms of—what was your phrase? I want to make sure
I get it right.

Supervisor Simitian:    Meaningful congestion relief throughout the entire
county.

Council Member Scharff: Throughout the entire county. We could at least
get meaningful congestion up this way if we did that. If Mountain View put
their own on for Mountain View and then say Sunnyvale did the same thing,
we could do that. The Mayors could work together and we could probably
work something out like that. I guess I just wanted your reaction to those
three questions.

Mayor Holman: Those are the softball questions, and then we'll hit you later
with air traffic.

Supervisor Simitian:      On the issue of trenching, I think—a couple of
observations. First is I think it is important, and I would encourage the City
and the Council, when we talk about these issues, to talk about them in
ways that resonate with folks beyond the boundaries of Palo Alto. These are
not issues affecting only Palo Alto. To the extent we're talking about grade
separation or trenching and that is thought to be a Palo Alto problem, then
we shouldn't be surprised that Palo Alto doesn't have any friends and allies.
To the extent that people understand that a job-heavy city like Palo Alto is
trying to solve a congestion problem not just for Palo Altans but for tens of
thousands of folks who come here to go to work or to enjoy the thriving
Downtown or California Avenue, I think then it becomes easier to enlist
support. I was going to say I don't mean to be flip, but I guess I do
actually. It's one thing to be parochial; it's another thing to be seen to be
parochial. I think if you have a parochial interest—there's nothing wrong
with that. There's nothing wrong with saying, "Look, we've got a problem in
Palo Alto and we're trying to solve it." I would encourage you to ask, "Is
that part of a larger problem in which we can legitimately enlist the support
of others?" I believe it is. There's congestion on Page Mill Road every day.
I don't think that's an exclusively Palo Alto problem. I think you've got a lot
of people there who would tell you that they're not Palo Alto residents, but
that they are struggling with the quality of life and environmental issues that
that congestion generates. That would be my observation. I don't have a
point of view about grade separation versus trenching. I was as you know
opposed to the 60-foot viaduct coming down the Peninsula, and that's no

                                                                        Page 12 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
