                      ACTION MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to adopt the Resolution ordering the abatement of weed nuisances in
the City of Palo Alto.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.     Public Hearing: Resolution 9500 entitled “Resolution of the Council of
       the City of Palo Alto Amending Water, Gas and Wastewater Connection
       and Capacity Fees and Miscellaneous Utility Charges (Utility Rate
       Schedules S-5, G-5, W-5 and C-1)”.

Public hearing opened and closed without public comment at 7:51 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
adopt the resolution amending the following Utility Rate Schedules: W-5
(Water Service Connection Fees), G-5 (Gas Service Connection Fees), S-5
(Wastewater Service Connection Fees), and C-1 (Utility Miscellaneous
Charges), effective May 1, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

10.    Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding Establishment of an
       Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit (Continued from February 9, 2015).

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to direct Staff to study and bring back to Council:

     1. Methods for requiring new construction to         meet target Single
        Occupancy Vehicle (SOV) rates;

     2. Different revenue generating options from new building construction
        including development fees that can be spent on trip reduction efforts;

     3. Different revenue generating options from existing buildings potentially
        including fees on commute trips or square footage that can be spent
        on trip reduction efforts.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to direct Staff to analyze the impacts of an annual
development limit on Office/R&D of 10,000 sq. ft. and 40,000 sq. ft. for the
draft Environmental Impact Report.
                                                                             Page 3 of 5
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 3/2/2015
