                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Again, we're getting very prescriptive here.             I'm
concerned about the impact on Kipling Street.

Council Member Burt: The look and feel from the streets would have to be
both streets, Kipling Street and University Avenue.

Council Member DuBois: On Kipling, it's mostly a one-story ...

Council Member Burt: I'm not sure it's achievable. I'm just ...

Council Member Filseth: How far down University Avenue too.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, I think we have to give the
guidance and look for them to solve it. We're talking about both streets,
Kipling Street and University Avenue.

Council Member DuBois: "B2" needs to be moved and become a subsection.

Mr. Popp: You can determine what visually compatible means.             It might
mean that you don't see it at all.

Mayor Holman: It has to be "with an option of three or four stories,"
because "with the option of one or more" doesn't say anything.

Ms. Silver: May I suggest "with an option of one or more additional floors
provided they are compatible"?

Council Member Burt: I like having "visually compatible from the street."

Mayor Holman: With the option of a third or fourth floor ...

Council Member Burt: Yeah, let's put it that way.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, under Architectural
Review Board, Part E, "with the option of a three-story building as compared
to a four-story building with an additional floor" with "with the option of a
third or fourth floor provided they are visually compatible from the street
level."

Mayor Holman: With the option of a third or fourth floor, provided they are
visually compatible. Is that good, maker and seconder?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. Tom's asking whether we should retain
language about referring to the articulation or setbacks to achieve it. It


                                                                        Page 96 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
