                         TRANSCRIPT
to be an ISP? Let Google in Palo Alto. You want fiber conduit in our streets?
That's fine. Just know that when the streets are dug up, the City will lay
down its own fiber conduit opportunistically while the trench is open. If the
City and the ISP can share in the installation fee and pay the installation
crew, then everyone can save a lot of money. This is low-hanging fruit that
we're going for, an incremental cost that significantly augments our fiber
assets, like the City's existing small but mighty fiber ring which has been
coined an economic success and continues to be a shining example of
foresight and investment.       To draw an analogy, when the patient is
undergoing surgery, it make sense for one surgeon to perform two or three
identical tasks. Not three surgeons and certainly not three trips to the
operating room. This is just common sense. I urge you and other City
leaders to take a firm stance with any third-party builder to spend the extra
cost and calories to drop an additional City-owned fiber conduit with these
next generation builds. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         Andy Poggio to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz, our final speaker.

Andy Poggio: Hi, I'm Andy Poggio. I'm on the CAC. Palo Alto is effectively
currently served by a duopoly for internet services. That duopoly has not
served us well. If we do nothing, we will be served by a new, slightly
different duopoly. It'll be faster, and it'll be cost effective, but it won't
always seem fast. In the '90s, 100 kilobits to your house was outstanding;
now, it's sad. It won't always necessarily be cost effective. Commercial
companies put a priority on their profit as they have to for their
shareholders. The idea of a cooperative co-build done with presumably one
of the future gigabit providers seems very attractive.         It's mostly a
negotiation. I think the right team from Palo Alto meeting with the right
team from Google or AT&T can come up with something that's attractive to
both the private company and the City of Palo Alto. Having that fiber in the
ground ready to go gives us choices and opportunities and options in the
future. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.   Our final speaker on this item is Stephanie
Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'm
certainly no expert on any kind of technology. I walked into a place where I
don't have a landline and asked my friend, "How do I position myself to use
the Wi-Fi?" He looked at my computer and he said, "You're not wired for
wireless." It completely blew my mind. I do have something to offer. I pay
utility bills in several other municipalities around here. I have noticed that
the PG&E has explosions in the lines, and they expect the ratepayers to pay

                                                                          Page 92 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
