                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Just a very quick follow-up to that. That's another one of
the projects. I know you're moving forward on it. Thank you very much.
That also, from my perspective, should be on the infrastructure list, because
it is what is it, it seems to me. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Council Member Scharff: Could I just finish up? I was going to say one
more thing, and then you jumped in. If that's all right.

Mayor Holman: I thought you were done.

Council Member Scharff: I know, because I paused.           I'm not saying you
shouldn't have jumped in. I'm just saying ...

Mayor Holman: Go right ahead.

Council Member Scharff: ... I had one more thing I wanted to say.

Mayor Holman: Go right ahead.

Council Member Scharff: I actually did want to just express disagreement
with you on the list. I think it's really—and support you at the time on it. I
think I have a slightly different sense. I think it's important to have an
infrastructure list that includes those issues, that includes all the stuff in the
City. That's sort of how I view that IMS system with the CIP. I think that's
really important, and I think we should start. I think grade crossings are
totally different and do go to the Rail Committee, and then come to Council.
Then, Council is going to have to have a lot of focus and come up with a plan
like we did for infrastructure. I think if Staff had put in this Plan all that
stuff, I would have given them a really hard time about it. The purpose of
this Plan is we made an Infrastructure Funding Plan for certain projects and
a really limited number of projects. We figured out how to fund it. We went
to the voters and said we're going to do that. If we start adding all this
other stuff into it, we lose focus on meeting our commitments to what we
told the people of Palo Alto we would do. The biggest way to not achieve
your goals on anything, frankly, is to lose focus. That would be adding all
this other stuff when we talk about our Plan. When we talk about the
Infrastructure Plan update, it's sort of a misnomer. There are a whole bunch
of other infrastructure stuff we're doing. The CIP, there's other stuff. I
think we need to figure out a way so people don't get confused. I agree with
Karen, the Mayor. I agree with her that it's good to have a whole focus on
all this stuff, but it's really not on this meeting, on this Study Session.
That's about these items that we promised the public we're going to do. I
think we have to figure out a way to keep that separate, so that they don't
all blend together. I did want to sort of make that distinction.

                                                                           Page 31 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/9/15
