                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Jim.

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) discuss policy ...

James Keene, City Manager: Could we make a clarification on this process
wise, because this language is a little incongruent with everything else that
you had up there. It's sort of a follow-up action to the CAC. The CAC is still
charged with reviewing and commenting on all of these goals. It's more like
you're just expressing an interest in planning and development for
Cubberley, number one.

Council Member DuBois: Just within the timeframe of this Comp Plan.                I
wanted to call it out as getting particular focus.

Mr. Keene: The only thing, if I just might add to that. I didn't hear a
directive to the CAC to interfere with the work we're already beginning to do
with the School District on the planning as if we had to await their work.
We're going to be reporting to the City School Committee on work and that
sort of thing. I think there's a way to mention Cubberley without so much
calling out the CAC's individual work and then the Staff will just be sure
when they all look at it, at all of the items. The CAC will be commenting on
a bunch of things.

Council Member Wolbach: I would suggest following Staff's suggestion there
to maybe provide slightly less explicit direction around what we do with
Cubberley at this point. Again, I'm with ...

Male: This is a policy (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, yeah.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you have any response to
Council Member Wolbach's?

Council Member DuBois: I can clarify the wording. Again, it's the CAC to
discuss policy, which I don't think is particularly strong, but if we can make
it ...

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, maybe I could make a suggestion. We've
added retain Policy C-28, which is about policies. Maybe this could be
moved down as the final bullet in this motion about policy direction. Your
main focus as a Council is on the goals, but there are two policy issues that
you wanted to highlight, C-28 and that Cubberley should be addressed.

Council Member DuBois: Sure.

                                                                       Page 58 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
