                          TRANSCRIPT
project has been very well integrated, maximizing what could be done with a
corner site and meeting retail, commercial and also residential needs as well.
In response to the criticisms of this project, the design has gone through
over two years of ARB revisions already. The latest revision, six actually, is
responding to the concerns expressed by the Council, and addresses all
these concerns with more generous setbacks and by adjusting the scale of
the storefronts to the neighboring properties. Regarding the storefront
façade, the verticality that the ARB liked in Revision 5 was adjusted to
reduce the height and mass on University Avenue. Revision 6 keeps a
modern appearance while omitting some of this verticality, and thus you
have a more horizontal look. This look is common for modern office and
mixed-use design. Another project in the area also designed by Ken Hayes
at 611 Cowper Street has 100 feet of frontage as does 429 University. It's
upper floors also have balconies running the front of the building, also like
429 University.     For this revision, Revision 6, you can see from the
renderings what has been shown in the report. The balconies on the third
and fourth floor are not new, but were carried over from Revision 5. These
balconies just became more prominent with the revision of the vertical
façade in Revision 5. On the fourth floor, the rail line was broken up visually
by interesting planters along University Avenue, which was approved by the
ARB in Revision 5. We can propose introducing some more planters; that
was one of the things we just recently discussed on the third floor of
Revision 6 to also horizontally break up the glass rail visually, even though
we already feel we have made the latest changes in Revision 6 to address all
the concerns that have been brought up. In addition to these observations,
I want to point out that much of the concern about the overall height of the
project does not affect the experience of the pedestrian on University or
Kipling. Part of the challenge of two-dimensional drawings and even model
renderings is to help everyone see what the pedestrian sees. With increased
setbacks at the third and fourth levels, especially facing University and
Kipling, the pedestrian really won't see the third and fourth floors. With the
area of the retail space essentially remaining the same in kind, the
pedestrian or local shopper will continue to have a similar or better level of
retail options with a more contemporary design. Finally in summary, all of
the revisions made to this point have addressed the concerns made by both
the ARB and City Council while keeping essential functionality and program
intact. This modern, contemporary, mixed-used development has been
carefully and painstakingly designed and revised to meet the current zoning
and Code requirements. I honestly don't see any reason for the appeal to
be accepted. Thank you for your consideration.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Mr. Mitchell.


                                                                            Page 7 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
