                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I read it as along with ten or more other business locations.
To me that reads as eleven. If we can ...

Mr. Lait: Yeah, I see what you're saying. The intent has been ten, and we
can take a look at the language.

Mayor Holman: The language there, I think, needs to be clarified.

Mr. Lait: We can certainly do that.

Mayor Holman: My time is out. I want to thank you for bringing this
forward. I have some not decisions made in my own mind about some of
this. Council Members? Council Member Scharff. Why don't I do this?
We've all been through one round of five minutes. Why don't I say, like,
another three minutes of comments, questions or motions. Council Member
Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: When I think about Cambridge Avenue—my office
has been there for a long time—what is most successful right now there is
probably, at least in terms of crowds and activating the street, actually the
bubble tea place.

Council Member Burt: The what?

Council Member Scharff: The bubble tea place. I don't know if you ever go
there, Council Member Burt, but the bubble tea place where the Weekly's
building is. There's lines out the door often. I often go there and have to
wait 15 minutes for bubble tea. That's probably more than you want to
know. I hate when that happens. I'm thinking that—this is my question.
I'm looking at the extensive retail services for the parking and intensive
retail services. There's been some discussion in the Staff Report—frankly,
not fleshed out enough for my liking—that talks about that it's difficult to
open restaurant under our current parking restrictions. Staff was going to
come back and look at that later. Is something like a service provider where
they do a juice place, a bubble tea place—if people want to open things like
that, a yogurt place for instance, would those have different parking
requirements that would make those not feasible? How does that relate to
extensive retail service versus intensive retail service? If we just got rid of
intensive retail service and made it all extensive retail service, would that
make things like that possible on Cambridge?

Mr. Lait: I need to pull up the definitions here. I would say that if it's an
eating and drinking establishment, you're sitting down and you're being
served, that has a different parking ratio than your other retail uses. It
would be difficult to probably put parking to support those uses.
                                                                        Page 53 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
