                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) just lost our quorum.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. We'll take a break while we get the other Council
Members.

Council took a break from 10:34 P.M. to 10:39 P.M.

Council Member Berman, Council Member Filseth, Mayor Holman, and
Council Member Scharff returned to the meeting at 10:39 P.M.

Mayor Holman: ... practice to review the Agendas after 10:00 and see what
we will undertake. We do have two more Agenda Items this evening. My
understanding is that Public Works would like responses on both of these
items tonight. Is that correct? Assistant City Manager Shikada was relating
that.

James Keene, City Manager: Mike, what do you guys—the question is Public
Works wants or needs decisions on both of these items tonight.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Mayor Holman and members of Council,
the Highway 101 Bike Bridge does have deadlines for the grants, so we are
looking to get a decision tonight so we can move forward on that. The
Public Safety Building, we've talked to the community about tonight making
a decision on California Avenue. It's up to you guys, I guess, on how you
want us to proceed on these infrastructure priorities.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Scharff, your light is on.          Is that
intentional?

Council Member Scharff: It is intentional. I just wanted some elaboration
on why the bike bridge is—why there's a deadline or what those time
constraints are on the grants. Why can't we do—we have a pretty light
Agenda. I was listening in, and I heard someone say we had a light Agenda
in January. IF we have a light ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: We do not.

Council Member Scharff: ... Agenda, it would make much more sense.

Mayor Holman: Actually, one of the things I was doing was again going over
the Agendas. I did discover that on January—I don't know how this fits in
the Staff's time table in terms of getting these two items reviewed. On
January 25th, we have that highly publicized event, weed abatement. That's
Item Number 53. Then we have no additional Action Items scheduled for
that night.

                                                                    Page 79 of 126
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                              Transcript: 12/14/15
