                         TRANSCRIPT
surveys and said there's probably only 4,900 cars of workers in the
Downtown.      They also say that the number of off-street sites in the
Downtown area comes to less than 1,900, and that all the street parking in
the Downtown is restricted two-hour parking. That implies that there's
3,000 or more cars in the neighborhoods every day. The latest surveys of
counting cars in the neighborhood says there seems to be some substantial
increase in parking between 2013, the date that the data in the
Development Cap Study was taken, and the last month in the Downtown
area. It was probably substantially over that. One of the people tonight
said there's some 9,000 entitlements granted through various programs of
in-lieu fees and elsewhere. Somehow there is a number between 3,000 and
9,000 of worker cars that are out there. If our basic in-lieu, Downtown
Development Parking District Code says you shall not exceed 1,490, that's
the goal of the program. We are exceeding that. A number of questions
flow from that. It's important to answer these base questions. What are the
numbers and how should we deal with the Development Cap Study? Are
those the numbers that the City is standing behind? That report came out a
year and a half ago, and we have never had a Council meeting to discuss
those numbers and what they mean. Are they compatible with our Code
setting up the Parking District?       Number two, who keeps count of
entitlements and who has those entitlements and where do they go?
Number three, what happens when we're talking about not just resolving the
issue of the entitlements, but adding more to it? This 57 cars offsite are
somehow subsumed into not the existing deficit, but an increase in the
deficit. Another question, does the Parking District have some financial
responsibility for placing those cars or paying the cost of placing them
elsewhere, since they are set up on the base? A question came up tonight
about TDRs. Are they only for retrofit or not? Maybe there's some base
questions out there on TDRs. Another question came up on TDMs, might be
a solution. I do note that the Citywide transportation study in 1988 said the
key policy we will have to keep the number of commuter cars down is a
dynamic TDM Program. That was 25 years ago we had that. A series of
questions, and I find myself unable to make a decision on this compatible or
not issue until I can get some base information on the parking issue, not
only the existing parking issue but adding to the parking issue.

Ms. Stump: Vice Mayor Schmid, City Attorney Molly Stump. Before the
Planning Director weighs in with some comments on the various issues that
you raised. Some very important and deep questions on parking and the
way that the Assessment District was set up. Those items are appropriate
tonight to the extent that they bear on the application that's before the
Council tonight. Because of the way the item was agendized, we do need to
be focusing on that issue this evening. Other, broader questions about
parking and the history of the parking and the Cap Study, etc., the Planning
                                                                      Page 63 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
