                              MINUTES
housing sites could be folded into the Comprehensive Plan. Some important
issues could be referred to the City/School Liaison Committee for deeper
collaboration and policy discussions with the Palo Alto Unified School District
(PAUSD) Board. Perhaps the City/School Liaison Committee could advise
the Council with respect to Project Safety Net, planning for Cubberley
Community Center, and searching for future school sites.

Council Member DuBois had proposed forming Committees around Council
Priorities. A Comprehensive Plan Committee could follow up on housing
sites and Comprehensive Plan Elements. A Healthy City/Healthy Community
Committee could be a part of the City/School Liaison Committee or separate.
He proposed the Council outline priorities and provide direction to key
advisory Commissions and Boards.

Council Member Kniss expressed concern about the number of meetings
requiring Council Member attendance. A Comprehensive Plan Committee
would alter the existing model for the Comprehensive Plan Update. A
Healthy City/Healthy Community Committee could be a part of the
City/School Liaison Committee, but it could also tie into land use. She urged
caution when considering new Committees and whether those had merit as a
standalone Committee or woven into other Committees. Project Safety Net
was appropriate for referral to the City/School Liaison Committee.

Council Member DuBois suggested the Regional Housing Mandate Committee
become the Comprehensive Plan Committee.

Council Member Kniss       believed   the   full   Council   should   handle   the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Berman agreed that it was not logical to form a Committee
to perform work that the Council would later duplicate and expand. That
would be a main factor for him in determining whether to create new
Committees. He was intrigued by referring topics to existing Committees.
Cubberley Community Center probably should not be referred to the
City/School Liaison Committee as only two Council Members participated in
that Committee.

Vice Mayor Schmid concurred with the City/School Liaison Committee taking
on specific issues. He was hesitant about forming new Council Committees,
especially on important issues such as the Comprehensive Plan and land
use. He liked the idea of Council Priorities being given to Committees,
Commissions, and Boards. Commissions and Boards were good places to
have clear Council direction to review certain issues. Given better Council
direction, Commissions and Boards could help leverage Council time.



02/17/2015                                                               116- 489
