                          TRANSCRIPT
felt, "I made my concerns known. Why didn't things happen?" All nine of
you made your concerns known, and it was a puzzle piece that didn't link up
into a whole picture for us in some area. I'm not saying that as a significant
problem area. There's no one area or direction where that stands out. I
just note it as we've moved along a spectrum a little bit. If I could ask you
for your support to work hard when you see that happening in these
significant areas of setting overall direction to try to come together as a
group.

Chair Burt: That's a good point. I believe that's the direction this Council is
moving. It started the year with less cohesiveness and is moving toward
that.

Ms. Stump: Yes. I applaud that.

Chair Burt: We'll see what this coming year brings.

Mr. Keene: I'd love to (crosstalk). I'm energized about this. I think I can
speak for everybody, maybe slightly different personality styles. There's
always a hunger for the opportunity to talk with the people you're working
for. That's why a performance review, the evaluations themselves are so
meaningful. Even when they're not done very well, that hasn't been the
case here. It's not quite like this. When I was in college, I had a housemate
from Chicago who used to say the only thing worse than being talked about
is not being talked about. There's this desire for feedback from people.
Once a year is not enough. It gets to the point with Molly about—there are
lots of things you want to evaluate us on. If you had to strip everything out,
what we ought to be evaluated on the most would be our performance and
the results we achieve and the extent they're in alignment with what it is
that you were expecting. You may want to talk about how we do it. You
may be interested in our styles and those sorts of things. If we had great
personalities and knew all this stuff and we weren't performing, we weren't
delivering our results, we've got a problem for everybody. Building on Molly,
I think we need to have some way to figure out how we do talk about the
vision. To the extent that it moves in some direction and shifts in some
ways, (inaudible) areas or what it takes to be sure that we can perform over
the course of the year. Another thing I would offer is there is a challenge for
elected officials to do the work of supervising these subordinates. Number
one, you're a group of people who are doing it, which is a little different than
the typical superior/subordinate. Secondly, there's a range of experience.
Somebody who comes in new for the first time on a Council, working
(crosstalk) the Mayor not have very much understanding of the context of
local government.       People who haven't managed or worked in an
organization would have a difference between personal experience. None of

                                                                                     Page 31 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
