                         TRANSCRIPT
we're going to take these measures, but they're not going to make a huge
difference. Thanks.

Oral Communications

Wynn Grcich: Hi. Last week I was in Millbrae when they were talking about
the Armenian holocaust. I thought it was to throw everybody off of what
was happening right here. We're having our own holocaust. When our
government has the right to put fluoridation and chloramine in our drinking
water and they know it increases cancer death rates, what I put on your
public record tonight, that used to be on the San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission (PUC), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) safe drinking
water studies. Ira Ruskin way back when, when they started adding the
ammonia to the drinking water knowing it was going to increase cancer
death rates, they pulled it off. They told everybody that to his surprise there
was no State and Federal studies done on chloramine. Yet, Wynn Parker
had the Federal studies that was given to him by Pat Martell when she was
the head of the San Francisco PUC in 2003, and he wrote Chloramine Causes
Collateral Health Damage. I do encourage you to listen to his show, because
he's talking about the recycled toilet water. For the last ten years, we're on
the death threat right now. This is going to kill a lot more people. When
you drink recycled toilet water, you drink it and you're drinking someone
else's medicines and their diseases. Think about this. One-third of the
population's already sterile.      One-third of the population is also on
antidepressants. Most of the antidepressants have fluoride in it. Prozac is
97 percent fluoride. Listen to this. This is from Beyond a Pale Horse, Page
225. Using drugs and hypnosis on mental patients is a process called Orion.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) inculcated these desires in people to
open fire on school yards, thus inflaming the anti-gun lobbying. This plan
was well under way so far working perfectly that the middle class is begging
the government to do away with the Second Amendment. The shooters
were all ex-mental patients or currently mental patients who were all on the
drug Prozac. This drug when taking with certain doses increases serotonin
levels in patients causing extreme violence.          Coupled with hypnotic
suggestion through electromagnet brain implant or microwave or EFL
intrusion, you get a mass murderer ending up in every case with suicide of
the perpetrator. This has been going on. This book was written in 1991.
You know all this is happening. Now we have Columbine locks on the
schools. We have recycled toilet water and you're drinking everybody else's
medicine, while you're continuing to add fluoride to the water. Also think
about this. When it's mellow yellow, that ammonia in the drinking water is
also going to be full of more ammonia and nitrogen, right? Then you don't
have the extra water to make it diluted when you recycle it. We know it
causes blue baby syndrome. Mike just read that to you, and you also have

04/20/2015                                                             117- 317
