                          TRANSCRIPT
Edgewood. We were happy to learn that one of the public benefits of the
Edgewood development is a permanent grocery store or the dedication of
the site permanently to a grocery store. We enjoyed the brief period that
Fresh Market was there. We'd go and visit the market frequently. We'd talk
with our friends that we met on the way back and forth, and so on. We're
happy that the City Council has a contract with the developer that includes
the requirement that this continue, that the site be used for a grocery store.
We're looking forward to its effective enforcement of that requirement.

Debbie Baldwin: Thank you, Council, for listening to us. My name is Debbie
Baldwin. I also live on Wildwood Lane. As a parent and a teacher, we teach
our children to keep to their commitments. Shouldn't developers be held to
at least the same standards? I urge Council to establish the appropriate
penalty for not having an operating grocery store. I believe the developer
needs to be held accountable to the contract that they had signed, even if
they have to pay for a grocery store to be there. Thank you.

Jonny Thaw: It's Johnny Thaw. We live in Palo Alto, a family of four. Thank
you very much for hearing us. We live very close to the Edgewood Plaza
Shopping Center as well. We liked having the Fresh Market there. We
would go maybe too often, several times a week, shopping there. I just
wanted to echo the other people's comments that we would like for a
grocery store to be in that location. Thank you.

Cheryl Lilienstein: Good evening, everybody. I'm here to make some
comments about the PTC and its relationship to the PC Zoning Ordinance.
It's hard to come up with a concise reason why the amended PC Zoning
Ordinance is wrong for this City.

Mayor Holman: Ms. Lilienstein, do you want to make your comments now or
during the PC consideration?

Ms. Lilienstein: No, I want to make them now, because it's not about PCs.

Mayor Holman: All right. Thank you for the clarification.

Ms. Lilienstein: I would appreciate everyone's attention. It's hard to come
up with a concise reason why the amended PC Zoning Ordinance is wrong
for the City. There are many reasons, and I sent you some information
about that. My main reason for speaking tonight is to request that the PTC
explain themselves to the City Council and public. The City Council gives
direction to the PTC, and the PTC then says, "We don't like these
instructions." It gives you back something that is not aligned with what you
requested. I've heard members of the PTC say things like, "I believe we
should get rid of height limits altogether," or "Why constrain the creativity of
                                                                           Page 9 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
