                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: That's my belief. I would support that. I would
make that as an amendment.

Mayor Holman: I don't accept that or I would have seconded Council
Member Burt's amendment.

Council Member Scharff: Then I need to see if I get a second.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff has moved Council Member Burt's
amendment.

Council Member Scharff: I agree with Council Member Burt; we can give
him credit. Happy to do that.

AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff
moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to replace in the Substitute
Motion, “received project approval” with “were submitted in 2013 or 2014
and complete.”

Council Member Filseth: What is the status of 429 University?           Is that
approved or not? We sent it back but ... 425, sorry.

Ms. Gitelman: That was considered by the Council and it was not approved.
The application was complete but not approved.

Council Member Wolbach: Procedurally it made sense to vote on Holman's
substitute motion, defeat it and then go back to accept the amendment.
That way Burt gets his credit.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to make one last pitch. I'm going to parrot
Council Member Filseth on this. If we do what is the amendment that's
before us now, which I don't accept by the way, so it's a separate
amendment. We're approving the better part of 120,000 square feet in the
California Avenue area. We're approving, again to parrot Council Member
Filseth on this, more than twice what our annual cap is. I don't see the
point. I will not be supporting the amendment that is proposed.

Council Member Burt: This amendment is not what I had proposed. If you
read above, I had recommended everything that had been applied for in
2013 or '14 and which the application is complete. You've taken it all the
way up ...

Council Member Scharff: Put that back in. (inaudible)

                                                                      Page 95 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
