                          TRANSCRIPT

very clear earlier. Really great work, again. Although a few of us, I think,
have expressed concerns about how the process went, I want to make sure
that this doesn't come across as an attack or criticism of the Staff. This also
has to do with how we're communicating among the Council. We had the
idea of essentially setting up an ad hoc committee. It's just an opportunity
for us all to learn lessons. At least for myself, I'm not trying to place any
blame. I'm just saying where do we learn lessons from this going forward.
I'll move that we refer this to P&S.

Council Member Burt: I'll second it.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer the Resolution supporting Healthy Cities and Healthy
Communities to the Policy and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman: Do you need to speak any further to your motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I do not.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I'd just say, one, if we attempted to go through the
wordsmithing tonight, we'd spend considerably more time on it. I don't
think we would have that sort of agreement yet. We could direct it to Staff
to have them do the wordsmithing for us. I think this is actually not just
wordsmithing. There are certain policy-related refinements that would come
about. That's the normal role that we use Policy and Services for. I think
it'll add value and return to us pretty promptly. Those are the primary
reasons that I support it. I also think that it will be important for us to give
guidance in recommendations to the Council on how this gets integrated, in
particular within the Comp Plan discussions. That's something we haven't
had a chance to really vet yet. I think that'll be important. It will be a way
that this begins to have even deeper, enduring impact on not only
community values, but the policies and programs that we have.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to make a substitute motion that Staff edits
this, taking into account Council feedback, making it more aspirational and
less directive, and comes back to Council with it, at which point we can
make the discussion about whether or not it should go to Policy and
Services.

                                                                          Page 73 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
