                             MINUTES
relocation plan, then surely they would have stated that prior to the Council
meeting the previous evening.          The Ordinance required the Housing
Relocation Specialist to assist residents with finding and moving to relocation
spaces and comparable housing. The park owner paid the fees of the
Housing Relocation Specialist, but did not instruct the Housing Relocation
Specialist. The Housing Relocation Specialist created a plan after working
individually with each resident. The park owner had to defer to the specialist
but could not interfere in that process.          Attorneys for the Residents
Association stated the park owner failed to identify specific comparable parks
and specific mobile homes for sale. The Ordinance required the park owner
to provide data regarding mobile home parks in the first version of the
housing Relocation Impact Report (RIR). That report was a snapshot in
time. The date on which the park would actually close was unknown. Under
State law, park residents were entitled to at least six months notice of
closure after the Resident Impact Report and mitigation assistance were
approved. During those six months, residents would work with the Housing
Relocation Specialist to choose new housing. The City's Ordinance required
a payment of lump-sum assistance. In her experience, the payment of
lump-sum assistance contemplated that the homeowner and the Housing
Relocation Specialist would explore and choose the best option of relocation
for the homeowner.        The Council must reject the argument that the
appraised values of homes was not known now and; therefore, the park
owner had not offered sufficient mitigation assistance. The park owner had
exceeded Ordinance requirements by accommodating the residents'
statements that appraisals were too low. The park owner stipulated that he
would pay at a minimum the amount of the first appraisal and anything
beyond that. The existing appraisal was the floor. The Council should
consider the experience of the Residents Association expert in weighing her
opinions. The Residents Association expert was not a Housing Relocation
Specialist and did not speak to any experience with relocation of mobile
home tenants. The appointed housing relocation expert did have experience
with relocating mobile home park tenants.             The proposed lump-sum
mitigation assistance did provide sufficient options for residents to relocate.
Sixty-eight homes in Buena Vista were either RVs or trailers. RVs or trailers
could be purchased for less than mobile homes listed for sale in Mountain
View. The Housing Relocation Specialist stated a Buena Vista tenant could
obtain financing of a mobile home in a traditional park, if the tenant
qualified. The Council could offer Buena Vista residents a right of first
refusal to affordable housing in the City of Palo Alto that the City would
build. The California Relocation Assistance Act would require the City to
purchase comparable housing for Buena Vista residents.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether Council Members could ask
questions.
                                                                          Page 5 of 41
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 04/14/15
