                         TRANSCRIPT
of problems. I hate to be touting something like a panacea, but I really
think that there hasn't been enough of the City telling people what they
would really like. I think that you have a certain agreement—I heard it last
week—about what you would really like. I think you could just sort of
reverse the public benefit process. Palo Alto could tell the developer what it
would like in exchange for having something bigger, instead of having them
try to figure out something that would be an adequate payment. Thank you.
Bye.

Public Hearing closed at 8:04 P.M.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.  Council Members, let's do five minutes
questions and comments, and then we'll see if there are motions. I have no
lights yet. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a couple of technical questions. I was surprised
with the sentence that the PTOD area was excluded. I thought the whole
California Avenue was a PTOD District. Why is a certain piece of it singled
out as a PTOD?

Mr. Lait: Thank you to Director Gitelman for a little guidance there. It's my
understanding that the Cal. Ave. area is eligible to be zoned PTOD, but
there's only the one property on Cambridge that has been zoned PTOD.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It has to be the application of the owner to ask for it ...

Mr. Lait: That's my understanding.

Vice Mayor Schmid:        ... rather than the City having a request or
requirement?

Mr. Lait: That is my understanding.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second thing. There was a paragraph in there about
tenancy, that with a change in tenancy you had the ability to require
ground-floor retail. Just from an economic point of view, a change in
tenancy is the only way that a property gets revalued and becomes much
more valuable for the City and the School District and the County. This
seems to create an incentive to reduce changes in tenancy. Is that one of
the considerations you looked at?

Mr. Lait: I just want to make sure I understand the question. What we're
stating in the ordinance is that we are not requiring a conforming use upon
change of tenancy. If you have an office, it could be replaced with an office.


                                                                       Page 38 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
