                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth:     Obviously there's a sort of fairly large and
longstanding legacy legal infrastructure around the whole infrastructure of
that. Do you foresee any examination of that?

Mr. Gordon: I think at some point we have a—if we continue into a fifth-
sixth year of drought, I think the infrastructure and the way the
infrastructure is aligned and used will be looked at. We're going to be
looking at water transfers, looking at other activities. We have several
communities in the Central Valley that absolutely have no water. We've got
whole towns where we've had to establish communal showers, and
everybody has bottled water. It's the only source of water in the town. If
we get continued drought, that'll be a problem. The other thing that we
took action at the State level and, I think, we'll continue to watch very
closely is groundwater withdrawal. We have been over-pumping for years.
There's been a serious problem in the Central Valley. We actually have a
huge problem with subsidence in the Central Valley, with ground shrinking
because so much water has been pumped out. We've had some very bad
practices, and we're going to have to figure out how to reverse those and do
some things very differently.

Mayor Holman: Thank you once again for coming and joining us this
evening. I have—try to collapse this into three questions. To follow up on
Council Member Filseth's comments and questions about water. As certainly
our local Staff knows, I hope in the discussion about water conservation that
we don't lose sight of the fact that we have to preserve our trees and protect
habitat. Sometimes we get so exuberant on saving water, that we forget
the other part of that dialog. Now, that's a different conversation that would
happen in the communities you're talking about, where they're on bottled
water and communal showers. For most of the rest of us, if we can just not
forget those other actually water conserving elements of landscape and
water conservation. I don't know if you want to comment about that first.
Go ahead.

Mr. Gordon: Let me just comment on that. I think that one of the things
that we in Sacramento have been talking about is the multiplicity of needs
for water. One of those that doesn't often get a lot of press attention is the
environmental need for water, whether it be for habitat or species or just the
maintenance of our trees.

Mayor Holman: I take it by your comments that you're going to be vocal or
have been vocal in that regard. Great, appreciate that very much. Going to
High Speed Rail. I just want to get some kind of clarification on this. When
you're talking about the design of High Speed Rail and the environmental
review would have to be something—you've always been very supportive of

                                                                       Page 18 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
