                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I hear the comments that you've made, Greg. There
are some concerns for the native species. Thank you all for hanging in there
until almost midnight tonight. I also would feel uncomfortable if I didn't give
a shout out to two people from the past that had so much to do with this.
One is Arnie Soforenko that many of you knew, and there's an award still
named after him. Also, which probably many of you don't know, Dick
Rosenbaum was very involved in this particular effort for Canopy a long time
ago. They made a big difference. They worked hard at this. Arnie was the
treasurer for this when it first began as a partnership. Looking at this, I am
a little concerned about looking at the difference between the canopy north
and south. There must be more of an explanation than the one we have
looked at tonight. I would ask Staff if they could come back to us. It's
looking to me as though there's far more pavement, as I look at what is
probably Redwood Circle or Fair Meadow in this picture. Congratulations to
those of you who finished this. It's time to get it started. We may want to
look at that balance between the native and the not native. At the same
time, we are a City that's known throughout the world for our gorgeous
trees, for our wonderful canopy. Even as we go forward, we can still look
back and say, "Wow. This has been an incredibly successful venture for all
this time." I know in particular those of you from Canopy tonight have kept
this going and continue to move it forward. Thank you for doing that.

Council Member Berman: There was some talk tonight about Palo Altans
wanting to wake up and hear the birds chirping in the morning. I just have
a question for those in the audience and maybe for Walter, is there a tree
that attracts birds around 8:00 a.m. or so? Whatever's outside my place
attracts the birds a lot earlier.

Council Member Kniss: Those are crows, Marc.

Council Member Berman: They have a blast. There are also some crows.
They act like roosters; they serve that purpose. I want to thank Staff and
the groups from our community that have been involved in this process and
our Parks and Rec Commission that have been involved in this process for
many years. It's clearly a remarkably impressive document. I will be the
first to admit I'm the furthest thing from an expert on trees that you'll
probably find. I'm not going to get into the, no pun intended, weeds of a lot
of this.     The leaves of a lot of this.     We've heard an impassioned
commentary from different experts in the community, the five groups that
were represented tonight, six groups if you include Parks and Rec. Clearly
there's still a bit of a disagreement on whether or not this is a fully baked
document or not. I'm very comfortable approving it tonight with the explicit
instruction that we have a more robust discussion of the balance and proper
attention paid to native versus exotic species, what we can do. I don't have
                                                                         Page 82 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
