                             MINUTES
direct Staff to perform additional analysis prior to the Council adopting a
strategy. Long-term ideas would be analyzed as part of the Comprehensive
Plan Update. The more complicated short-term ideas were, the harder it
was to imagine they would be short term. If the Council wished to pursue a
short-term concept, it should be instituted relatively quickly. One long-term
idea was an annual limit on Office/Research and Development (R&D) that
would meter the pace of office development. A second long-term idea was
programs and performance measures that directly addressed impacts. A
third idea was to moderate the pace of development by increasing
development costs and seeking impact fees. A fourth idea was other
commercial zoning changes that would modify existing development caps. A
potential short-term idea was requiring a use permit for new Office/R&D
uses. A second idea was some type of cap or moratorium. A third idea was
to suspend temporarily the use of certain exceptions or Transfer of
Development Rights (TDR). A fourth idea was some type of temporary
reduction in Floor Area Ratio (FAR). Within short-term ideas, pipeline
applications and Council and Staff conflicts of interest had to be addressed.
Pipeline applications were pending applications that would result in a net
increase in office or R&D square footage. While Staff offered two data sets,
they felt the better data set was the Congestion Management Plan (CMP).
Using the CMP data set, Staff calculated 185,000 square feet (sq. ft.) were
in the pipeline as of the end of 2014. The 185,000 sq. ft. was spread across
16 projects, of which a few projects reached close to 30,000 sq. ft. Staff
was updating the pipeline snapshot and would provide a first quarter update
at the April 6, 2015 discussion of retail preservation. Staff wanted to hear
from stakeholders regarding short-term and long-term ideas.

Mayor Holman requested the City Attorney comment on conflicts of interest
and the two-pronged approach.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, explained Staff had structured the item to allow
the Council to have an initial discussion and to provide guidance on issues in
areas they wanted to explore within the Comprehensive Plan amendment
process. Staff believed Council Members could participate in discussions
based on Staff's reading of the law and advice received from the Fair Political
Practices Commission (FPPC). Following the meeting, Staff would confirm
their understanding with the FPPC. The rules for conflicts of interest were
complex. The rules were changing in ways that could impact the Council as
they explored issues going forward. If the Council wished to discuss ideas
for changes that could be made in advance of the Comprehensive Plan
process, Staff encouraged the Council to identify various ideas that they
wished to explore. Staff may request the Council delay a substantive
discussion of issues in order to obtain advice from the FPPC to ensure
Council Members participated appropriately.

03/23/2015                                                             117- 131
