                          TRANSCRIPT
in the same ballpark. To summarize, having a fiber network in this City is
beneficial both in reducing commuting, making people more effective
working both from home and from the office, and bringing in higher value
business. It may even reduce traffic and parking problems. I think that it's
worth taking a really serious look at. I think it's worth giving strong
consideration. You already have a fiber loop. It doesn't, of course, serve
the entire City, but it serves parts of the City. It could be expanded.
Because of the benefits of fiber to the premises, if you will, I think it
certainly ought to be pursued, and you ought to be looking very carefully at
where you can do it. You may not end up doing it Citywide; you may end up
doing it just in certain areas. It's worth considering doing it.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, City Council and the citizens of Palo Alto. I think
I totally agree with the recommendations. This is not something we need to
spend at this time. It can be handled by private enterprise. We are taking
resources from other things that are more important to the City and our
neighbors. I would go with the recommendation and let the private industry
deal with it. Then the citizens can afford other ways of getting fiber into
their—or services. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We return to Council Members for questions at
this time. Let's say five minutes a piece is a maximum here at this time.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. Thank you, folks, very much for doing
this and for coming all the way out here on a Monday night. I have two
questions that I'd like to ask. They're both sort of related to fiber and
wireless. One of them is that Jonathan raised the issue of 5G wireless, that
at some point in the not too distant future you might be able to get gigabit
internet over the air. I think other municipalities must sort of have the
same general issue here, but it seems to me that sort of our major goal here
or concern, because it looks pretty clear that fiber to the premises or gigabit
broadband is going to be broadly available. I think our major concern is
probably going to be that it ends up being like another utility and there's a
natural monopoly around something, probably the glass infrastructure
everywhere. We end up beholden to somebody, some provider that turns
out not to be a good partner. My question is that if indeed it turns out that
5G wireless brings gigabit internet to everywhere in the City, then it's
probably going to remain a competitive market. There won't be sort of this
huge infrastructure cost of running fiber everywhere in the City. I'd love
your thoughts on that. My second question is not exactly the same, but it's
sort of related, which is the cost of the physical infrastructure, quite a bit of
that is running fiber to everybody's house. If in fact gigabit Wi-Fi becomes
broadly available, are there going to be solutions where there's sort of fiber
                                                                         Page 21 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
