                         TRANSCRIPT
entities who want budget certainty end up with this working out really well.
The challenge with these trusts is you can't just do it by moving contribution
amounts in there. You kind of have to have a little bit of seed money to pay
down the unfunded liability, to put it into the trust right away. It's not
designed to save you in the event that CalPERS goes bankrupt, by any
stretch of the imagination. It's only designed for contribution volatility.
That's by far the best use of it.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, if I may say something. We're
going to run out of time here. I don't know, number one, whether John
would be open to also taking written questions from the Council and getting
responses or do we also just plan for a subsequent visit with Mr. Bartel. I
mean you're not going to get to all nine Council Members even on the first
pass.

Mr. Bartel: I'd be happy to answer written questions. What the Council may
like to do is maybe sort of push this to the Finance Committee or to a future
Council meeting where I promise you I will take whatever time you have.

Mayor Holman: That sounds like a good suggestion, because we had three
more Council Members with questions and it's 6:58. It's 6:58. You're
saying you would be able to attend another meeting?

Mr. Bartel: No question. It's all with the function of what meetings I
currently have scheduled, but of course.

Mayor Holman: Great. I appreciate you participating in this lightning round
with Council Members, and Council Members for being pretty succinct.
Thank you very much for that. Apologies to the Council Members that we
didn't get to; Vice Mayor Schmid, Council Member Burt, and Council Member
Berman. Apologies for that, but I understand you have a flight to catch.
Thank you very much.

Mr. Bartel: Thank you. I appreciate it.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, if you have—City Manager.

Mr. Keene: If I just might say one thing. The Mayor and I, we could work
quickly to look at the agendas going forward as to when a target date would
be, so this was fresher in your mind than whatever. We'll then work with
Lalo and Suzanne to get John back as soon as it works for your schedule.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I think there was something that actually got taken off the
schedule, so we might have an opening. Council Members, I'm open to if
                                                                        Page 15 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/9/15
