                          TRANSCRIPT
process of hiring an additional two hourly employees to assist with these
efforts. A Council Member asked me over the weekend what the City's
percentage of water use, the City as an organization, is.               We are
approximately 5 percent of the water use provided through the different City
facilities out of our entire City's usage. Just a reminder, just around the
corner now, a community health fair on May 17. That will be to kick off the
40th anniversary of the City's paramedic and ambulance delivery services.
It's in support of the Council's Priority, Healthy City Healthy Community.
That will take place at Mitchell Park on Sunday, May 17th, from 11:00 a.m.
to 2:00 p.m. In 1975 our Fire Department became one of the first agencies
in California to deploy paramedics and is the only Fire Department in Santa
Clara County providing direct City ambulance services by the municipal
government. We hope you can join us. We did want to share some good
news that the International Association of Fire Chiefs has announced that
our own Deputy Chief Geo Blackshire has been accepted into the Fire
Services Executive Development Institute. He competed with new chiefs
and chief officers from around the country and was one of only 20 across the
nation to become part of the 2015 program. Congratulations to Chief
Blackshire who's also been awarded a scholarship which covers expenses for
his attending the program. One final reminder, this Thursday is Bike to
Work Day. The City is joining in to encourage everybody to give bike
commuting a try. From 6:30 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. stop by one of the City's
four energizer stations for treats and encouragement. Volunteers will be at
the Alma Bike Bridge, that's Alma Street near Palo Alto Avenue; City Hall on
the Ellen Fletcher Bike Boulevard, if you didn't know that, right there at
Bryant and Hamilton; California Avenue Caltrain, our busiest stop typically,
that's at the new plaza at Cal. Avenue; and then the Wilkie Way Bridge,
between Wilkie Way and Miller Avenue. If every person ditched their cars on
Bike to Work Day alone in town, more than 60,000 vehicles would be off the
road, reducing tailpipe emissions by more than 150,000 pounds. Bike to
Work Day is a vision of what the morning commute should be like. I do
believe the Mayor will be making an appearance at the California Avenue
stops for folks to come by and talk with the Mayor. I think a couple of us
will ride. Lastly, before turning it over to the Mayor, I did want to share with
profound sadness that we learned that Ray Bacchetti died yesterday at the
age of 81. His wife Carol of 60 years was by his side. As you know, Ray
was a citizen, steward and volunteer without comparison. We benefited
from his time and his talents and his wonderful wry, sometimes biting but
still always impish, sense of humor. He served on many boards and
commissions. I would turn it over to the Mayor to say some parting
comments in that regard. A memorial service is currently being planned.
Once known, we will pass those details on to the Council. Madam Mayor.


                                                                          Page 11 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
