                              TRANSCRIPT
B.         In the Findings, under the heading: Limited Supplemental Review by
           Hearing Officer:

     i.         In the first sentence maintain, “Within 30 days of receiving”; and

     ii.        In the second sentence maintain, “shall have 15 days to rebut”;
                and

C.         In the Findings, under the heading: Approval of Closure Application:

     i.         After the last sentence, add “The time within which judicial
                review must be sought is governed by California Code of Civil
                Procedure Section 1094.6.”



Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, could I ask you a question please?

Council Member Scharff: Sure.

Mayor Holman: I need to confirm that that Motion would include the
addition that we got this afternoon, which would be to insert the sentence
"The time within which judicial review must be sought is governed by
California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1094.6." That would be inserted
on Page 6 above effective date.

Council Member Scharff: Yes, it does. Most people have spoken to this.
This is a fair process that takes into consideration the concerns that have
been raised today. It's the right approach.

Council Member Kniss: Again, for all of you who are here tonight, I know
and I believe you're looking for a different outcome. I'm going to put this in
a way that is maybe, in the modern look at something, it would be a positive
way to look at it. Unless we make a decision tonight, all of you who are here
are going to have trouble going on with your lives, knowing where you're
going to live. This is a fair process. You'll have a chance to have an update
on your appraisal. You will have a chance for a peer review of what the
appraiser gave you. I hope the way you're going to look at this is that
saying of when one door closes, another door will open. The doors cannot
open unless we vote on this tonight. That's got to be a very hard pill to
swallow. I don't think any of the nine us sitting here as judge and jury want
to deliver this. In order for this to go forward, as you have heard, the owner
does have his right, his constitutional rights. At the same time, we all are
very aware that this has been a long time and very important place for you
to live. This has been a chance for kids to go to school, a chance for you to

                                                                           Page 26 of 27
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/26/15
