                         TRANSCRIPT
Council vote and, therefore, I think fall into a very different category. As I
said, this is certainly not a new development even though there may be
some expansion. We haven't talked about that in the motion. We did say,
and I know that Council Member Filseth said, well, maybe they're one and
the same. I don't see a refurbishment as one and the same. We are
discussing a seismic upgrade and an elevator that needs to be handicap-
accommodating, and that doesn't exist right now. As I said, I'm not going to
put TDRs into this. I think it's one of the things we should consider. I do
think that we have a strong precedent for having used TDRs for just the
purpose that we're talking about tonight. This is a seismic upgrade. I think
at the end I am confident that we are going to support this. At the end of
this we'll be very proud of a not totally new, but very refurbished and
beautifully done building. Don't forget; it's important to remember this has
a long way to go. Lisa Henderson mentioned that earlier tonight. This has
to go through many of the other usual aspect of development that have to
happen. It'll go through the Boards, the Commissions and come back to us
as a Council. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, speak to your second?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Actually I'm glad you mentioned Palo Alto
Child Care. They are also in a deteriorating building, so we may be hearing
from them. I'm happy to support this. I think what we're doing is
expressing support by the City to help Avenidas bring in donors in their
capital campaign. I don't think we should go beyond that tonight. They
need to add an ADA elevator, renovate the building. I think it gives us time
to have a TDR debate at another time. This Council has not had that
debate. I think the history building was the end of last year, before several
of us were here. I am concerned about selling TDRs that may never get
used, but I don't think we need to really discuss that tonight. I'm happy to
support Avenidas and support this motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I appreciate the motion; however, I
think Staff has asked for our guidance as to how they fund this. I think we
should discuss the TDR issue, and we should fund it with TDRs, and we
should fix the motion to make it clear that the TDRs go towards necessary
seismic improvements. Actually I'd defer to the Mayor on that as the best
language on that when we get to it. I do think Staff has asked for this. I
think we should go ahead and fund it. I don't think we should necessarily
have to have them come back to us and have a big debate, and then maybe
not have a way to fund this. I think that that's what we should do. I am
going to ask, first of all, for a friendly amendment. Council Member Kniss

                                                                       Page 85 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
