                          TRANSCRIPT
Valley Transportation Plan for 2040. That request came in the form of a call
for projects. Project submittals must include a defined budget and a
planning study for the capital project; although, these are requested at a
high level of detail, a summary level of detail. Once submitted, the projects
will go through an evaluation process before being approved by the VTA
Board of Directors for final inclusion in this long-range plan. More to the
point, in the near term we expect the priority projects in the long-range plan
could also be priority projects for funding in any future sales tax measure
county-wide. Since there's talk pointing towards a 2016 sales tax measure,
this process and these projects bear special importance. Our City already
has many projects on the list contained within the long-range plan. With the
assistance of some of our Staff within the organization, Acting Chief
Transportation Official Jim Lightbody who was formerly with VTA, has started
updating and adding other City projects based on prior Council direction and
existing City policies. Caltrain safety including grade separations, bicycle
plan implementation, improvements to the University Avenue Transit Center
area and other longstanding priorities are examples. Also while our Staff is
currently working towards the VTA's original deadline to submit these of July
10, which has made it impossible for us to get discussion with the Council,
we and other cities have asked VTA to extend the deadline so that we'll have
an opportunity to schedule discussions with our respective City Councils.
VTA is supportive of pushing this to at least, say, the end of August. The
Mayor and I have talked about her interest in trying to get this into later in
September. Our understanding is VTA is seeking an extension of the
timeline from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, MTC. We'll keep
you posted later on this week to see the progress of where we are.
Regardless of the deadline, we will provide the recommended list of projects
to the City Council along with the schedule for the follow on process, since
getting the City's priorities on the final list will require input to the VTA by
Staff and our elected officials at appropriate times. A number of you are
involved in a variety of interface meetings with VTA and other folks across
the county. An initial report and then more to come on this. Assistant City
Manager Ed Shikada is working on this and trying to run interference to
news that we have all received related to impacts on the 101 freeway over
the San Francisquito Creek.         Caltrans has begun restriping 101 in
preparation for widening the creek bridge, which is related to the long-
awaited JPA flood control project. The project will remove and replace the
101 bridge over San Francisquito Creek as well as the bridges over the creek
at both West Bayshore and East Bayshore Road. New and larger bridges will
provide increased protection from flooding to Palo Alto and East Palo Alto.
Caltrans has started work on the bridge construction. It is expected that
construction will occur—we'll get a much better sense of the impacts in the
coming weeks I hope—over a three-year period, with most of the work
taking place from June to October due to seasonal restrictions on
                                                                          Page 4 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
