                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Zewdie: All right, thank you. I did give them my business card earlier.
My name is Admas Zewdie with Mark Thomas and Company. I'm the
consultant project manager. This is a 2.3-mile corridor, and almost every
block has something very specific in terms of the design. We can spend
hours looking block-by-block, but we did select seven locations to show you
that are major locations on the corridor. I'll go through that one-by-one.
The first location we're going to talk about is the Gunn High School area. At
this location, we've made some improvements to improve bicycle and
pedestrian safety. If you look at the westbound direction, you'll see that
we've extended the bike lane to the pork chop island to provide better safety
for bicyclists. On the west leg of the intersection we've provided a bicycle
crosswalk that will lead to a Class 1 facility. That's a separated facility that
leads east along Arastradero to connect to the Los Altos-Palo Alto bike trail.
As is the case with many locations, we have green bike lanes in the
transition areas, in the westbound direction where the right-turning vehicles
to Gunn will conflict with bicycle movement. If you look on the right end of
the sheet, the exhibit, you will see that if you go westbound on Arastradero,
there's an opening in the median that provides access to the bike trail. If
you're wanting to make a left turn, we've provided an opening in the median
to make that possible. Next location is near Terman Middle School. What
we've done here is in the eastbound direction, we shifted the lane merge
from east of the intersection to west of the intersection. We have a
dedicated right turning-lane into Terman Middle School. We also made
measures to improve bicycle safety in the eastbound direction by moving the
curb out to align the bicyclists to have a straight path across the intersection
and having the right-turning vehicles making a slow turning movement
across the bike lane. Also for those students that don't feel comfortable
riding on the bike lane, we provided a curb ramp so that they can jump onto
the sidewalk and be able to walk their bikes to school. On the east side of
that, on the southeast corner of that intersection, you'll see that we've
expanded the sidewalk which is called a bulb-out to reduce the crossing
distance for pedestrians and also to provide a bus turnout so the bus can be
parked on the street without blocking the roadway. The next location is El
Camino Real. At El Camino, the bike lanes, we've extended the bike lanes
through the intersection in both directions. If you look at the eastbound
direction, we are able to achieve that by narrowing down the sidewalk.
You'll see that we maintained the pork chop island at the southwest corner.
That's intended to provide refuge for bicyclists from the heavy right-turning
volume from eastbound Arastradero to El Camino Real. Between that pork
chop island and the adjacent sidewalk, we are proposing to raise the
pavement to the sidewalk level, so that forces that right-turning traffic to
slow down as they negotiate that right-turn movement onto El Camino Real.
On the southeast corner, we're proposing to remove the pork chop island
there and expand the sidewalk to provide more room for pedestrians to
                                                                         Page 81 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
