                          TRANSCRIPT
with. Just two meetings ago, one of the PTC Commissioners said that we
care more about square footage and parking than people's lives. Three
other PTC Commissioners agreed with that statement. I take serious issue
with it. Another PTC Commissioner just sent in an email tonight that said we
haven't talked about housing in a year. We passed a new Housing Element.
We've spent a lot of time on Buena Vista. We're spending a lot of time on
the Comp Plan, which housing is pretty key. I also take issue with that. I
just think we have a problem. Sending this totally open-ended to PTC, I'm
afraid it's going to be a huge waste of time, Staff time. It's going to come
back to Council or Policy and Services, and we're going to have to make
changes. I'd rather see us just refine it. I think we have a good balance on
Policy and Services, and then it would go to PTC. I support the amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, to the amendment.

Council Member Berman: I'm surprised that we're—I guess a bit, no I'm
surprised that we're taking this opportunity to kind of impugn the motives
and the integrity of one of our Commissions that has a bunch of citizens that
are volunteering their time on it. I think it's no surprise, given this, that we
have so few applications to serve on our Boards and Commissions right now.
I wouldn't serve on one of our Boards and Commissions if I thought that my
work and my opinion was going to get impugned at a time when I'm not in
the audience or don't have an ability to reply. I think one can have reasons
to want to send something to Policy and Services Committee. I think if folks
have problems with the Planning and Transportation Commission, which
clearly folks do, we should have a Study Session with the Planning and
Transportation Commission. That is the appropriate time bring up concerns
that we have and give people an opportunity to speak back, which I think
they deserve considering the amount of time that they volunteer to serve
our community. I'm just very surprised by that.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think I would support the amendment without saying
any negative comments about the PTC, who plays a valuable role in the
community. I think this issue is a critical one. It came out of the Housing
Element. It's already been part of our Comp Plan discussion. The need for
some clarification of the issues here is important. I think the Policy and
Services Committee would be a good place to start that process.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Quick question for Staff and then possibly an
amendment to the amendment. Is there any precedent for something going

                                                                       Page 105 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
