                          TRANSCRIPT
in the garbage. What we're asking is that they put it in the green container
instead of the garbage. It's going to be the same situation. It has the same
pickup frequency. There's no, frankly, logical reason to think that there
would be a greater vector issue with putting it in the compost container than
putting it in the other container. Those are our sort of answers to the issues
you've raised.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just as long as you're sensitive to having two or three
containers out in the back. Might be ...

Mr. Bobel: I think the big picture on that is that we've told them all, "We're
going to work this out. We're going to work with you on an individual
business. GreenWaste is; we are. Whatever it takes to make this happen."
If it's just impossible in a certain situation, we'll deal with that. Most often
this can be worked out. The big picture is we're moving toward a place
where we don't have the black cart. Remember our goal is eventually
everything will either go in the compost container or the recycle container,
eventually.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hi. I think you answered a lot of my questions. In
addition to the business districts, was outreach done to any other groups?
I'm just curious, like, who you reached out to.

Mr. Bobel: We had one general public meeting, and we tried to publicize it
fairly well; although, we didn't get much turnout. We had the business
districts, and then we had the Chamber of Commerce also. Those were the
four meetings we had. You notice there's no one here from there. We just
didn't feel like there was a major and they didn't feel like there was a major
problem in doing this. In fact, there was a lot of enthusiasm and, I think,
good-spirited feeling about moving forward among the business people we
talked to.

Mr. Arp: This slide shows—I just kind of skipped over it—we had utility bill
inserts to all customers. The City Manager's Office has these comprehensive
email lists of commercial entities. We invited everybody to go to our website
and participate in a survey and give us comments. We did try to get it out
to as many people as possible.

Council Member DuBois: How many complaints have you gotten about this
proposed policy?

                                                                         Page 24 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
