                         TRANSCRIPT
Joshua Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Good evening, I'm Josh Mello,
the Chief Transportation Official. It's my first meeting, so bear with me. I
did have a chance to take a look at some of the Comp Plan policies.
Basically in response to your question about future growth, while traffic
volumes are projected to grow both locally and regionally, this project really
had goals that were more oriented towards pedestrian safety, bicycle safety,
improving access to the schools along the corridor. The Comp Plan is pretty
clear in its policies as it directs us toward roadway design and roadway
projects. If we did do kind of a "back of the envelope" analysis to see what
some of the impacts would be if we were to design for that 15-55 percent,
we'd probably be looking at six-lane approaches at El Camino and Foothill,
and some pretty major, substantial impacts to the surrounding communities
if we were to design a roadway that would accommodate a lot of that future
growth if that future growth was strictly automobile trips. The whole goal of
this project, as Holly outlined, is to kind of move some of those trips to
alternative transportation modes, bicycle and pedestrian trips. It's a multi-
pronged strategy to try to transfer some of those 15 percent, 55 percent
trips to other modes so that we don't have to design this road to
accommodate that level of motor vehicle trips.

Council Member DuBois: Welcome to your first meeting. Again, it was 15-
50 percent specifically on that corridor, not just regionally. Again, I'm not
proposing we go back or add lanes, but I am concerned that we are making
permanent changes knowing that we have to deal with these issues.. I
guess I'll try to propose maybe an amendment which would be that we test
the lane merges with striping and we look for ways where we can implement
with some flexibility—kind of low-cost implementation where we can
implement with more flexibility if necessary in the future.

Council Member Burt: I decline. This is the most studied corridor in history.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I mean the data's there.

Mayor Holman: Are you offering it as a separate amendment then?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I would offer it as a separate amendment.

Mayor Holman: Is there a second. Seeing none.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to test lane merges with striping and look for way to implement
low cost changes if necessary in the future.
                                                                       Page 97 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
