                          TRANSCRIPT
address. The other question I had, Council Member Scharff mentioned
earlier. When is a shadow analysis required for a project like this?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. We did address that
topic in the initial study. Typically we look under CEQA at whether there's
significant shading on public parks and open spaces and the like. We
covered that in brief in the initial study, noting that the only public areas
that would be shaded would be the streets and sidewalks. I don't know
whether, Katherine, you have anything to add?

Council Member DuBois: It does not include the residence across the street
on Kipling Street?

Ms. Gitelman: No. We typically don't look at impacts on private properties
from a CEQA perspective. That is something that could be considered by the
ARB or the Council as a design issue.

Council Member Filseth: I have a question for Board Member Popp from the
Architectural Review Board. I'm looking at the Minutes of February 19,
2015, the third and final review. In here, there's a comment from Board
Member Lew which says, this is about Floor Area Ratio (FAR) by the way and
scale since we're talking about scale and sizing, "In an ideal world, I really
support more of our 2.0 Floor Area Ratio. The 2.86 seems big to me
particularly at the back." The project was given 2.86 FAR. 2.0 would be 40
percent smaller. You comment, "I agree with Alex's comments about the
2.86. I mean that's a lot for this site. It's a lot. On top of the 2.86, there's
a 200-square-foot bonus that was taken. All these things in aggregate have
created what is a significant building." It sounds like you folks had at least
some serious thinking about the scale. Did you guys ultimately decide that
it was acceptable?

Mr. Popp: I'll tell you we had some serious thinking about the scale. We
spent three solid hearings talking about how this building is fashioned, how
it's sculpted, what the right approach should be to managing the FAR that
the Applicant was proposing. Ultimately we got to a point where we were
comfortable with it. We approved the project on that level of analysis and
understanding that the top floor is pulled back, that the building has a lot of
recesses. They really have tried to, in what we thought was a very
successful way, mask this significant square footage.

Council Member Filseth:     You felt that they made a significant effort to
ameliorate the scale?

Mr. Popp: Definitely. If you take a look at the rendering of the first version
of the building that we saw and compare that to the approved version of the
                                                                        Page 51 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
