                             MINUTES
He successfully convened a hearing that presented a great deal of
information. Issues were fully briefed and argued by the parties. When
reviewing the decision and the underlying record, the Council would see that
the hearing was thorough. She agreed with Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois felt a quasi-judicial procedure would be appropriate.
The Council could not rehear three days of testimony but should hear new
information. He suggested the Council discuss whether to allow expert
testimony regarding inferences to be drawn and weight to be given to
evidence as well as moving the date to March and providing translation
services.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss that Council reject the Mobilehome Park Owner’s request to dismiss
the Residents Association’s Appeal of the Hearing Officer’s decision on the
closure application and will hear the appeal; Council accepts proposed
Appeal procedures with the following changes:

      Section 2.e continued with added sentences: “each party may have
      one expert testify regarding the inferences to be drawn and the weight
      to be given to the evidence in the record. Each expert will be allotted
      10 minutes; in Section 2.g “hearing will be scheduled on or about April
      2015.”
Council Member Kniss felt the Motion was a good direction. The public
indicated a desire for the Council to hear the matter. She hoped someone
would summarize the 900 pages of documents from the hearing.

Council Member Berman inquired whether the previous hearing was
videotaped and, if so, whether the Council could review it.

Ms. Stump stated the hearing was videotaped and transcribed.

Council Member Berman asked if the video was publicly available.

Grant Kolling, Assistant City Attorney, reported the video was available
through the Media Center website.

Ms. Stump would add to the record that a video was available so that
Council Members could review the hearing through the video or the record.

Council Member Berman would support allowing the appeal. The public
would be allowed to speak at the appeal hearing for a specified amount of
time. He requested the process for appeal be clearly explained in the
Ordinance. He was concerned that presentation of new evidence and
resulting Council discussion would delay the appeal hearing.

01/12/2015                                                            116- 319
