                          TRANSCRIPT
looking at our own Opportunity Center here as a good hub for service
provision. I'll leave it at that.

Supervisor Simitian: I do not want to leave you with the misimpression that
just because I mentioned the replacement for the cold weather shelter, that
that is the only action taking place at the County. Quite the opposite. I
think the last year or two folks have sort of stepped up and understood more
fully the need to have a range of responses to the range of needs that are
generally associated with what we call homelessness. I know this Council,
because you've wrestled with this issue, as we did when I was Mayor 20
years ago, Mayor Holman understands. One of the areas—let me take a big
step back. First, there was a large debate—I'm guessing Liz Kniss was right
in the middle of it—a few years back at the County. There is an argument
that goes like this. It's not about homeless shelters. It's not about
providing a hot meal. If anything, these are just band aids, and maybe even
worse, they're enablers. We really should take a housing first approach and
get out there and find permanent supportive housing for people, and then
try and wrap the services around them to make them successful. Let's stop
dealing with these band aids. My view on that is yeah, that'll be great when
we actually have 7,000 housing units and the supportive services that would
go with them for the 7,000 homeless people who are out there every year in
the count. Until that happens, we're going to continue to need emergency
services. You have to deal with what's real and immediate and now, even as
you're trying to take this longer-term big picture.         It's a bit of an
oversimplification. We all know in healthcare, preventative care is the best
thing going, but that doesn't mean you close the emergency room. Until
everybody's healthy, we're going to keep the emergency room open because
we need it. The County has taken that view. We are looking at a range of
solutions. We are, in fact, expanding the opportunities at Project We Hope,
because there's a site there and with the infusion of County funds. This is
reminiscent of my last go-round with using County funds outside the county.
I remember when we had the Clara Mateo shelter at the veterans site in
Menlo Park. People said, "You're spending County money out of county." I
tried to say they're called homeless people because that's kind of an artificial
boundary to them. I would say that again all these years later, now, as
we're talking about Project We Hope. That's one of many different solutions.
You know that the safe parking lots issue has come up again. We'll see
where that one goes. I think it's likely to be tried on a very limited basis to
see where that one goes. I do want to assure you that no one thinks that
one four-month cold weather shelter is the end of the conversation. Quite
the opposite. It's one that's important to our north county area in particular,
because absent that, we have no significant shelter space here in the north
county.

                                                                         Page 17 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
