                          TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It also seems like, though—is there a way to respond to the
person who is giving us comments and tell them, "You haven't filled out all
the fields for your comment to be accepted"? Otherwise, it's like someone
could game that by giving Staff anonymous comments. Nobody else knows
these comments are being made or what the content of it is. It doesn't feel
very open and transparent to me.

Ms. Gitelman: We absolutely try and do that. We try and respond where we
can and get people to fill out the fields necessary to be a named commenter.

Mayor Holman: If there can be some kind of—I don't know what that site
looks like particularly at this point in time, if there can be some notification.
It's like sometimes if you fill out a survey online, if their fields aren't—it's
stars by it, asterisks by fields that are required. If they're not, then your
comments aren't accepted. It seems like we could do it that as well. I'm
personally not comfortable with this aspect of—whether it's intended as
anonymous or not, it just seems like it could be gamed.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.       I think we understand your concerns.         Let us
keep working on that issue.

Mayor Holman: I appreciate that.

Council Wolbach: I don't know if I want to put this in any motions that we
have tonight. I figured I'd just put it out there for consideration at least, by
Staff and by CAC members. If there are themes, if there are concepts or
there are particular issues that might fall under one particular element or
might not even be identified in an element, but might touch on multiple
elements, I would encourage the CAC, if they feel it's appropriate, to
consider subcommittees of that sort. They could touch on a broader theme
or a broader issue. Again, up to the CAC's discretion. I don't want to
micromanage them.        I would just encourage them if they feel it's
appropriate. For instance, sea level rise or climate change in general that
influences multiple elements, I would not want to discourage them from
forming a subcommittee if they felt it prudent.

Ms. Gitelman: Understood. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: We also do have a tally from the City Clerks. A question
has arisen to my mind. If we vote for six ..

Male: (inaudible).




                                                                         Page 77 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
