                         TRASNCRIPT
meeting. Skipping down after the strikeouts, verbatim transcripts shall be
made publicly available digitally and hard copies available upon request. I
do remember that conversation. I believe the intention was digitally would
mean on the website. While this Clerk interprets that to mean on the
website, going forward with a different City Clerk and other Council
Members, it seemed that it would clarify this if we said, "made publicly
available on the website and hard copies available upon request." That's the
clarification that's been provided at-places. If colleagues agree with that,
then we're good. If I've misinterpreted the intention here, then I really
would like to hear back on that. I see no discrepancy with that. Thank you
to City Clerk and Council Members. We do have a speaker to speak to Item
Number 5, Jamie Beckett. You will have three minutes. Welcome.

Jamie Beckett, regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Hi. I'm here to talk
about the bike boulevard. I live at 2577 Park Boulevard in Palo Alto Central
Condominium Complex. I'm here to speak for myself and many of my
neighbors in the complex, which is home to 140 families in all. I'm here to
say that we appreciate this plan and applaud it, especially the planned
crosswalk at Sherman and the recommended crosswalk at Grant. We
continue to have serious concerns about speeding on Park Boulevard, which
is unsafe to bikers and others. We want to urge the Council to take steps to
initiate some kind of enforcement in this area. We also want to voice our
continued strong support for an actual crosswalk, not a recommended one,
at Grant Avenue. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. With that, we return to the Council and look for
a motion regarding the Consent Calendar. Council Members?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Move the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt beat you to the punch to move the
Consent Calendar and, Council Member Burt, with the at-places clarification
provided by the City Clerk.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman:      Vice Mayor Scharff, excuse me, Vice Mayor Schmid
seconding that.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-12 with modifications to Agenda Item
Number 11- Adoption of a Revised Ordinance Amending Section 2.040.160
(City Council Minutes)… as outlined in the At Place Memorandum, replacing
“digitally” with “on the website.”

                                                                     Page 42 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/31/15
