                          TRANSCRIPT
the town hall of Enschede in the near future. Ms. Mayor Holman, thank you
very much. Prior to ending, I have not to forget to honor one person in
particularly. That is Joni Reid; that is you. Please stand up, so I can
address a few words to you. On behalf of Neighbors Abroad, you have been
the greatest ambassador for Enschede for more than 14 years. I understood
you visit our town almost every year. Over the years, you welcomed many
students in our house or arranged a place to stay for them in Palo Alto.
Moreover, she promoted Enschede in (inaudible) articles in the—now it's
very difficult—(inaudible). Yes. Thank you. We love you. That is simply
what we have to express. I don't have any present now, but I hope it's
allowed to kiss Joni Reid in public on behalf of the whole City of Enschede.
I'm going to do that. Thank you for your attention.

Mayor Holman: Mayor, thank you for your comments. The reference to the
three-hour speech was because we were talking about jet lag coming this
way. I said, "Did anyone tell you that we've moved your Proclamation from
6:00 to 9:00?" He said, "No, but did anyone tell you I have a three-hour
speech?" To which I responded, "You'd probably just be saving us from
ourselves if you had a three-hour speech." Thank you for that. It is quite
our privilege and honor to have you here visiting. You referenced the
various places that you've gone to visit and going to visit while you're here.
While you kind of don't understand what happens here sometimes, to be
perfectly honest we don't either. We understand many things about it, but
it's also a matter of just great good fortune. You honor us greatly by
wanting to copy that. Thank you so much. We have a Proclamation to read
for you. Greg Scharff, as having visited your fair city in the past, is going to
read it.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. The Mayor's asked me to read the
Proclamation welcoming the delegation of visitors from Enschede, the
Netherlands, and congratulating Onno van Veldhuizen on his inauguration as
Mayor. I wanted to say that the City Manager and I—before I read the
Proclamation—visited Enschede in 2013, and we had wonderful and warm
hospitality. We had a really great time. I really enjoyed your city. I
especially enjoyed, you called it the military but that doesn't quite explain
what it was. It was a horse show. It was really quite an amazing event. I
really appreciated it. Welcome to our city, and I hope you have as much fun
as I had in your city. Council Member Scharff read the Proclamation into the
record. Congratulations.

Mayor Holman: Mayor von Veldhuizen, if you would care to join us, and
your delegation up here, we will have a photograph taken, if that's okay with
you.


                                                                          Page 4 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
