                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm at 626. Can you walk me through where those
guidelines are specifically referenced?

Mr. Lait: These context-based criteria are set forth in the Municipal Code
specifically. As far as the Downtown Urban Design Guide, which is not a
document that contains findings. Staff will correct me if I'm wrong about
this. This is a guide as opposed to findings that are set forth in the
Municipal Code. We use this as a policy guidance, so I don't believe there's
any. It's Policy L-23. Let me bring your attention to packet page 629 which
is Attachment E to the Director's determination. Attachment E is the
Comprehensive Plan table. Policy L-23 talks about maintain and enhance
the University, Downtown area with a central business district. It goes on.
The response to the right of that is reference to the Downtown Urban Design
Guide. It notes compliance with pedestrian-friendly amenities such as
recessed entries, canopies and new street trees. Two, includes attractive
display windows at frequent intervals. So on and so forth.

Council Member Burt: Let's dive a little deeper into that. The Comp Plan in
L-23, I don't know if it's L-23. The Comp Plan references specifically the
Downtown Urban Design Guidelines. Correct? We have a requirement in
our Findings for consistency with the Comp Plan. The Staff reference on
packet page 629 refers to some elements of the general Downtown Urban
Design Guidelines. However, I can't find a reference to the guidelines
specific to Kipling Street which are on page 28, I think, of the Downtown
Urban Design Guidelines. The specific guidelines are much more relevant
than the general.

Mr. Lait: Again I'll start at that. The policy in the Comprehensive Plan that
references the Downtown Guidelines is actually not a policy at all. It's
actually Program L-19. It reads, "The Downtown Urban Design Guide is not
mandatory, but provides useful ideas and direction for private development
and public improvement in the Downtown area." That's the framework we
have in which to evaluate the projects. I hear your question about the
specific response of the guidelines to Kipling Street. Other than the general
conversations of compatibility and a conversation about the other structures
on Kipling Street, I don't know that there was a specific discussion about
those guidelines relative to the project.

Council Member Burt: Let me switch over to the City Attorney, and then I'd
like to return to that in a moment. I want to make sure I understand our
obligations in the Findings to find consistency with the Comp Plan. If the
Comp Plan refers to the Downtown Urban Design Guidelines as not
mandatory but guidelines, does that mean that we should exclude that from
consideration of consistency with the Comp Plan because it's not mandatory?

                                                                      Page 57 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
