                         TRANSCRIPT
a virtual online summit for the community both in the weeks before and
following the Comprehensive Plan Summit and are hoping to bring draft
recommendations to you late in June before you go on recess. Some of the
key elements or domains of action that we're looking at are electrification or
fuel switching as we sometimes refer to it; the larger challenge of mobility
and walkability; issues around water; and the question of finance, not just
how do we pay for this, but how do we structure the financial instruments
that build the logic that we want into the decisions that we make. We're
operating under a premise that the City Manager has articulated that we go
first. In other words, we don't ask the community to do things that we don't
do ourselves, since we try to lead by example wherever possible. We'll
default to green and we've begun this in our procurement process, moving
from the environmentally preferable purchase policy that you all created
some years ago which said buy the environmentally preferable where it is
possible to turn that around and say, "Let's start with that. Let's buy the
environmentally preferable."       That's where we start.      Where it's not
appropriate, where it's not cost effective, where it doesn't fit duty
requirements, let's of course adapt. We've begun that in a simple measure
with office products, recycled paper and toners. We've rolled it out into the
fleet procurement, moving from, Compressed Natural Gas (CNG), as our
vehicle of choice for sedans to electric vehicles as our vehicle of choice. We
think that could save us $1,000-$1,500 per vehicle. Always looking for the
economic as well as sustainability advantage going together where we can.
We think it's also important to look very strongly at performance-based
regulation; not prescriptive regulation that tells people what to do, but
performance regulation that says, "Here's the targets that we need to hit.
Find the best and most creative and most effective way to do that." We
need to do all this in a way that protects the common wealth, the ecological
resources, the ecosystem services that sustain this community. We need to
consider the impact of consumption. These are things that we are not
directly responsible for. The impact of airplane flights taken by people in
this community probably exceeds the carbon impact of our natural gas use.
The impact through the supply chain of the food that we buy and eat
probably exceeds the impact of the road transportation. These aren't things
that the City is responsible for but, if the community really cares about
climate and carbon futures, it's something we're going to want to discuss in
coming years. As you've heard some discussion in the previous Study
Session, there's questions about the future of the utility, in fact what many
people are calling the utility of the future. Let me address that last one in
some detail, because it's a big issue and it's a new one that's very much on
people's minds. There's a gathering storm facing this industry. Don't take
my word for it; these are observations from Citicorp, Union Bank of
Switzerland (UBS), Barclays, Bank of America. They are seeing major
structural threats facing the utility industry as we see the rise of cost-

04/20/2015                                                             117- 286
