                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Peter Stone to be followed by Terry Holzmer.

Peter Stone: Mayor Holman, Council Members. I'm Peter Stone speaking on
behalf of the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce. Our recent letter's in the
Council record; I'm sure you've seen it. I am not going to repeat everything
in that letter, but I wanted to basically voice kind of a business perspective
on the proposed cap. Obviously I'm not speaking to the specific questions
that the Staff is asking for responses too. I did want to highlight what for us
was important which is some new data that's emerged from the TMA that I
think raises further questions in our minds about the efficacy of the cap as a
way to address the issues. Obviously business shares the concern voiced by
many residents with respect to traffic, parking and housing. In truth, a
healthy community is extremely important to businesses that are operating
here. We also think that a healthy business climate is important to many
residents and to you, I'm sure. The Chamber is active in the TMA at this
point, plans to remain so. We're also supporting a trip reduction initiative.
We're trying to connect come of the folks that are coming forward with
rather innovative solutions to encourage shared commutes to meet with
some of the larger employers in town to try to see if they can develop
enough of a concentration of potential users to actually make shared
commuting much more effective than it's been in the past and eliminate
some of the problems that have been associated with prior carpooling
initiatives. I guess what we would like to see is that the Council and the
Staff pay a great deal of attention to the data that is still being developed
and continue to recognize and foster the innovation that's taking place in a
very dynamic way around these issues. We think that the entire discussion
of growth limits would be better served in the Comp Plan process as opposed
to through the adoption of the interim Ordinance. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speaker on this item is Terry Holzmer.

Terry Holzmer: Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council Members. I'll
keep my remarks as brief as I can. I come to you tonight not only as a
resident of the California Avenue area, but also as a member of our
association at Palo Alto Central, which is largely affected by what has
occurred in the California Avenue are, the growth of office space. We're
very concerned about this growth, and we'd like to see what can be done to
control it. We've noticed a large increase in daily traffic and parking
problems in our neighborhood. We see this on a daily basis. I guarantee
you that if you took a residential survey in our area, California Avenue area,
you would get overwhelming support for an office space cap. It's because
people do live in this neighborhood. A lot of times people forget that
California Avenue is great commercial area, but it's also a residential
neighborhood. People live there. They go to shops there. They visit the
                                                                       Page 102 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
