                         TRANSCRIPT
it.  We're done with that.      We're not going to go into that.         Our
recommendations, three fold. First, that you adopt a resolution certifying
this Environmental Impact Report. Secondly, that we adopt a resolution
accepting a modification of what we call our Long Range Facilities Plan. You
might remember that. It was in 2011 ...

Ms. North: Twelve.

Mr. Bobel: ... 2012 you accepted the Long Range Facilities Plan for the
sewage treatment plant which had a list of the projects that we were going
to be doing and showing where we would build them on the sewage
treatment plant site. We call that our Long Range Facility Plan. The second
recommendation is asking you to amend that to include this project in it. It
sort of goes hand-in-hand with the approval or the resolution with respect to
the EIR to take other steps we're going to need to show the agencies that it
is part of our plan. We don't have to show them that we have not made a
final decision to go ahead with that but we are on a path. This demonstrates
to them that we're on a path by having Recommendation Number 2
approved. The third recommendation, we've modified from the Staff Report.
It's at your places in a memo to you, and we've repeated it on the slide as it
is in your at-places memo. The reason we changed that is we realized that
it was not clear that we'd come back to you before submitting an actual
application for funding. You'd be concerned that by us submitting the
application without coming back to you first, it was a firm commitment to go
ahead with the project. In certain kinds of funding, that's true. In certain
kinds, it's not true. Rather than try to sort of tease that out, we just are
committing and you'd be directing us not to actually apply for the funding
until we came back to you. That's the way we've changed Recommendation
Number 3. That's our recommendation to you. It's on the board and it's in
the at-places memo, and that's slightly different than what's in your Staff
Report. The only other thing I wanted to point out is next step. This
schedule is broader than this, but we bolded the next step. It's project
funding being pursued. While we'd pursue it, meaning we research all the
different kinds of funding that's available; we discuss them with the
agencies; we make as much progress as we can. That's what pursuing
means. We don't actually submit the applications until we come back to
you. The next step is what we call pursuing it, that is, research it, figuring
out what's available, what's available this year, what's going to be available
next year and all that sort of stuff. That was the next step. With that, I'll
stop.




                                                                      Page 110 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
