                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Burt: It would be one thing if we wanted to see all of them,
but are we saying that an applicant cannot come before the Council? Say
they have a large project, but it would be subject to ARB review. They're
concerned about a potentially contentious nature to what they want to do.
They want to get a sense of not just whether ARB would support it, but
whether at a conceptual level, early in the process, before they spend a lot
of money, they want to know a sense of the Council. Would this deny them
the opportunity to come to the Council for that prescreening?

Mr. Lait: I would direct you just further up on that page 3 to Section, in the
middle of the page there, D1 and 2. "D" says that outside of these
mandatory reasons, "D" suggests that any prescreening may be initiated for
an application that is a major alteration or expansion of an existing use
which implicates major land use or other policy or planning concerns subject
to the following requirements, and it sets forth the requirements by which
one of those types of projects could go forward.

Council Member Burt: Down on "3," it says "except for."

Mr. Lait: "3" is a—excuse me for interrupting. "3" is just making a
distinction that if you're just seeking—we should probably change the
terminology to match the Code. The Code here says preliminary review. All
we're saying is that if you're trying to apply for a preliminary review under
the Architectural Review Board, you don't have to come to the City Council,
but you may if you qualify under Subsection D.

Council Member Burt: We're still saying that they may.

Ms. Stump: The language as drafted suggests—I believe what it's intended
to capture is that if the application, it does need to be a filed application in
order to get to ARB. If it qualifies for preliminary review under ARB, that's
where it goes. You don't need to do it that way. You could make several
different choices. You could give the applicant an option to decide instead to
go to Council or the prior language that was drafted there had the Council
deciding whether to hear it itself or to send it to ARB. We in talking through
the mechanics of that thought that that posed some challenges and some
coordination and confusion. The proposal is to streamline that and to send
those to ARB, just the ones that focus on the architectural issues. If you
wish to make a different policy choice, you can do that.

Council Member Burt:     My question was—I think you just now have
answered it. My question is whether the applicant would have the discretion

                                                                          Page 43 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
