                          TRANSCRIPT
conditional use permit associated with these types of uses. Anything beyond
300 feet or away from a residential area requires a conditional use permit.
They City's requirements for conditional use permits is a noticing of 600
feet. What we are introducing is this second tier now. As you can see on
the chart, the Tier 2 regulations regarding noticing, the conditional use
permits and what's permitted and not permitted within 300 feet of sensitive
receptors would be the same as Tier 3. That was a whirlwind overview. I'd
be happy to answer questions later.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Rod. I'm going to try and wrap this up kind of
quickly. I know we're taking more time than usual, but we thought it was
warranted given the complexity of some of these issues. Let's cut to the
chase and kind of get to the bottom line here. We've been doing some
mapping of these 14 Tier 2 facilities. This is a map I hope you recognize
from your Staff Report. With many thanks to Vice Mayor Schmid, we now
have identified a complete universe of the Tier 2 uses that are within 300
feet of sensitive receptors. That includes three facilities at CPI and one
facility called Target Discovery on Fabian Street. I should say that we are
still working on outreaching to all of the 14 Tier 2 businesses. It's quite
possible that some of the 14 may fall off this list. In fact between the
community meeting on October 22nd and this evening, there were originally
15 uses; now there are 14. Rod was able to work with one of the businesses
on the list and discover that they had been overly conservative in terms of
how they filled out their inventory form. They didn't warrant being on the
list. That's just to say this is still a little bit of a work in progress. Right
now, we have four uses that would become legal and nonconforming under
the terms of the proposed ordinance. I just wanted to take a minute and
talk about what that term "legal and nonconforming" means. Essentially
that applies to uses that were legal at the time they were established but are
no longer in conformance with the existing zoning. Those uses that are legal
and nonconforming generally can't be expanded or intensified. If this
ordinance is adopted, Tier 2 facilities within 300 feet of sensitive receptors
would fall into that category. It would also apply to sensitive receptors in
industrial zones that are within 300 feet of Tier 2 uses. Importantly, we did
not draft the ordinance so it would apply to sensitive receptors that are in
other zoning districts. That's an important distinction that we can talk about
a little bit more, if you wish. Generally, legal and nonconforming uses have
a right to continue; although, they can be required to phase out or terminate
if there's a process by which you establish a reasonable amortization period
commensurate with the investment involved. If you look at the City's
current zoning regulations, we do have some termination dates for
nonconforming uses as well as a minimum of 15 years for amortization
which we're proposing to amend that minimum standard to allow for site-
specific amortization studies like those that have been completed for CPI.
                                                                             Page 46 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
