                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss indicated the City currently had fiber customers who
were delighted with the service. She asked if those customers continued to
pay for the service.

Mr. Fleming responded yes.

Council Member Kniss asked if the City owned 42 miles of fiber.

Mr. Fleming replied yes.

Council Member Kniss noted the City's fiber was used in a variety of ways
throughout the community. She recalled information that neighborhoods
needed 70 percent of residents to opt into fiber service in order to build a
fiber network. That was called a fiberhood. She presumed that Google
would use the fiberhood concept if it selected Palo Alto.

Mr. Fleming concurred.

Council Member Kniss was puzzled by Google's selection of cities in the
Southeast. She recalled an experimental network in the early 2000s that
was successful. There were no guarantees for future technology. It was
time for the City to move forward.

Council Member Berman attended an informative fiber conference in New
York two years ago. He did not believe residents realized that the City
provided utility services at lower price rates and at better response rates
than private companies; therefore, the City would have to educate the public
in order to attract fiber customers. He supported proceeding with the two
studies.

Council Member DuBois requested Staff comment on how the Council should
weigh owning the network compared to not owning the network.

Mr. Fleming remarked that it was too early to address that in terms of the
best business model to make that happen.

Council Member DuBois asked how the Council should consider ownership of
the actual cables in the ground.

Mr. Fleming advised that the optimum choice was City ownership. City
ownership of the infrastructure with ISPs using the infrastructure, an open
access model, did not have a good track record because the City would lose
accountability. In that model, the customer suffered the most.

Mr. Reichental was looking forward to the results of the study, because that
would be addressed. He did not know the answer.

02/02/2015                                                           116- 441
