                         TRANSCRIPT
it up for any additional research that might be necessary, depending on
where the Council goes tonight.

Mr. Lait: We can certainly agendize an Interim Ordinance. As a regularly
agendized item, we can have that scheduled, and then we can go back and
do the study. Tonight you could not implement the Interim Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Of course not. What my thinking is if it goes to the Planning
Commission, because we're going to make recommendations tonight. It's
going to go the Planning Commission; they're going to have their own
recommendations at that time. What I'm asking is that we not hold
anything up, but maybe we might not be able to identify everything tonight
or think that the Planning Commission is going to identify everything. That
would be the final Ordinance. That's my question. Looking at the City
Attorney.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney. I think we need to distinguish between an Interim Ordinance
and an Urgency Interim Ordinance. An Urgency Interim Ordinance that is
adopted by the Council requires eight votes, of course; and it does not go to
the Planning Commission. It does require emergency findings, so you do
need to have evidence in the record that there is an emergency that you are
trying to address in order to have an Emergency Ordinance. However, you
can do an Interim Ordinance which would be very similar. You wouldn't
have to do eight votes, and it would go to the Planning and Transportation
Commission.

Mayor Holman: That was the direction of my inquiry.

Jessica Roth: Hello, Council. Thank you for your time tonight. Jessica Roth,
business owner on California Avenue. I'm here tonight to ask you for a zone
change on California Avenue to limit the number of formula operation-type
businesses. There are many cities in the U.S. that have already done things
like this. Right now New York City is trying to find ways to preserve their
independent businesses. In October over a three-week period, we collected
over 600 signatures from local residents, customers and business owners
supporting the idea of limiting formula-operated stores and restaurants on
Cal. Ave. There have been two outreach meetings with businesses and the
community with most of the opposition coming from property owners,
management companies and developers. These are people that do not live
in and support California Avenue. The people that support California Avenue
want to see it remain independently owned and operated, creative and
friendly. Thank you.


                                                                       Page 37 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
