                             MINUTES
more than needed, then the Council wanted to know how much could be
removed from the project and what the project would look like.

Council Member Berman concurred.

Mr. Kawahara advised that as an economist he could not answer that
question. The Council would need an architect to design the building. That
became a more complicated question.

Mr. Schwab commented that if the Council wanted a way to make it equal,
then it should understand that the State wanted to incentivize BMR housing.

Council Member Berman wanted to see an analysis of varying degrees of
benefit.

Mr. Schwab explained that the Applicant considered how to efficiently use
the building envelope for commercial and residential use. Because the
residential portion sat atop the office portion, reducing the commercial space
would reduce the residential space. Residential units reduced the value of
an office building when it stood alone. He would not choose to put BMR
units in there because it affected market rates and rental rates. This was
meant to be an incentive. The Applicant attempted to use the space in a
way that would not negatively affect anybody. Cap rate calculated the
increases for future years. If the increases were expected to be higher, then
cap rates could be lower. The Applicant attempted to approach the project
in the way the State wanted in order to provide BMR units.

Council Member Berman noted the project provided three BMR units in
exchange for doubling the office space. That set a precedent for the rest of
Palo Alto. The Council had to analyze that precedent carefully before it
voted.

Council Member Filseth did not believe the language needed to be part of the
Motion.

Council Member Berman was concerned that when the item returned, the
Council would want to discuss those issues and possibly delay the project
further.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mr. Northway requested Council Members include a date certain in the
Motion.

Council Member Wolbach requested an estimate of the cost for the
consultant's analysis as the City would be paying for it.
                                                                        Page 31 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
