                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Members have different views on that. I don't know how they feel
about that. I was going to make that as a separate motion, and that was
the direction I got from Staff.

Council Member Wolbach: We can do that one as a separate motion. This
other one might go the same direction. To direct Staff to install stop signs
on Park Avenue at Grant.

Council Member Scharff: I would prefer that be a separate motion too.

Amendment Wolbach: We'll come back to them.

Ms. Silver: Mayor Holman, I want to point out on the stop sign issue that
Staff needs to research that issue. We have two legal concerns. One is that
if placing a stop sign on Grant could impact the EIR findings because it could
increase delay on Park, there may be legal vulnerability with the EIR.
Second, there may be some legal implications associated with putting a stop
sign at a location where there is not a warrant for it. We need to research
that issue. If the majority of the Council wants to pursue it, I would
recommend that you impose a condition for Staff to explore the viability of a
stop sign.

Mayor Holman: We don't know yet if there would be a second to that
recommendation.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      You would recommend that being made with this
motion?

Council Member Wolbach: With my motion.

Ms. Silver: In a later motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would have a hard time certifying the EIR if there is
not concrete indications that there'll be a dealing with the traffic issue.
Postponing it makes it difficult for me to vote for this.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to be supporting the motion. One of the
important things that I'd like to reflect is that we're hearing what the public
has said. The public has said pretty substantially, "Deny the DEE." One of
the things that I also wanted to mention, I certainly have watched this for a
long time. I noticed tonight that our yeses ran 3:1. For every yes that I
got, I got two nos. That was interesting that the public took such an interest
in this and responded so strongly. Whether this is a one-time thing or not, I
don't know. We have been listening, and we have been responding. That is


                                                                        Page 92 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
