                          TRANSCRIPT
employers have a lower density to their office use. We got a survey from
Palantir which clearly is the company that's being addressed with these
concerns. They have, I think it was over 300 square feet per employee. If
we're going to change that and we're all of a sudden start to incentive
smaller or mid-sized companies, those are going to be the much more dense
uses which will then go in contradiction of "C" which is trying to control
occupant density. As the CAC and Staff look into these kind of things, I
think it's important for them to keep that in mind, that the larger companies
have the lower densities. We don't want to all of a sudden create policies
that have unintended consequences that totally contradict what we're trying
to achieve.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to take a turn here real quick. Council Member
DuBois, in your "A," the last line of it, you've got Baylands there. Do you
mean the Baylands Master Plan or what is your reference to Baylands?

Council Member DuBois: Now, it's getting late at night. That was a new
section in the PTC's version specifically, I believe, that was not in the current
Comp Plan. It was pulling over some of that new content. I think it may
refer to the Baylands Master Plan. I don't remember.

Ms. Gitelman: I think our intention was to make the link between the Comp
Plan and Baylands Master Plan stronger in the update.

Mayor Holman: It really would be Baylands Master Plan then here, Council
Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: It's not in the Comp Plan. It's a section in the
Comp Plan about the Baylands that refers to the Master Plan elsewhere.

Mr. Dennis: The section at the end of the PTC revisions, starting with new
Policy 5.17, is what you're referring to. There's two policies there. That's it,
two policies.

Mayor Holman: Is it Baylands area—I didn't know what page you were on—
Baylands area or Baylands Master Plan or Master Plan. Hillary Gitelman is
saying Master Plan. We last time said that we wanted the Urban Forest
Master Plan added in, so Staff's already got that, correct? Urban Forest
Master Plan, we referenced last time, so you're already incorporating that.
We don't need to add that here. Right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. I think it's our intention to incorporate by
reference all of these plans so they have some standing, but we don't have
to go through a whole Comp Plan Update process when each one of them is
updated in the future.
                                                                         Page 96 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
