                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: The BMR units. It wasn't clear to me exactly what the life
of the BMR units is. I think it's 30 years, but it's not explicitly stated. Why
are they not the life of the project?

Ms. Silver: Under Density Bonus Law, rental units only need to be deed
restricted for 30 years. Under the law that this project was applied for,
there has been a recent change that will extend that to, I believe, 50 years.
Unfortunately that does not apply to this particular project.

Mayor Holman: Perhaps I could ask the applicant if you'd agree to 50 years.

Male: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Applicant has agreed to 50 years.            Is that agreeable,
Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Absolutely.

NCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Below Market Rate units
will remain below market rate units for 50 years.”

Mayor Holman: The only other couple of comments are I am concerned
about—which members of the public brought up. I'm concerned about the
loading and how that's going to function. I'm very concerned about that. I
don't know how feasible it is for somebody who's making deliveries to park
on another street around the corner and effectively do that. I don't even
know how garbage and recycling pickup is going to happen.               If the
containers have to go onto Page Mill, is the garbage truck going to stop on
Page Mill Road? I can't see how that's going to happen. One other Council
Member mentioned the DEEs. They're variances. I don't disagree with
them, but they're variances and I wish we would go back to what the listing
is of DEEs in the Code. I also have concerns, but I don't know quite how to
get to this. I have concerns about using allocated costs as opposed to
incremental costs in determining what the justification is for the entirety of
the concessions. Those are my comments.

Council Member Filseth: I wanted to talk for a second about the DEEs. We
all know the case for the DEEs, which is the project is better with both of
them. I'd briefly layout the ned case. We keep seeing these projects where
people bring us a project which is okay. Then they offer us a choice that
says, "If you give me these variances, I'll make it better." We look at these
things and we go, "Given those two, we'll take the one that's better with the
variances." I don't think that's a good process for us. We should have a
process that produces good projects that don't need variances. Yes, Council
                                                                       Page 144 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
