                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure you were listening when I spoke,
because I think you were moving up at that time. I think Council Member
Wolbach suggested this idea of Consent or some active affirmation. I did as
well, separate from ...

Ms. Stump: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: ... what Council Member Schmid suggested.

Ms. Stump: I did hear that. I understand there's a diversity of views on this
subject.

Council Member DuBois: I also said, like, around the land use discussion,
like we recently talked about, what are permissible land uses Downtown.
We said we we're going to try to have a follow-up conversation on that. I
would like us to continue and have that conversation. Again, I think for
minor changes to classifications and interpretations, what you're saying
makes total sense. Is there a way we can distinguish between major and
minor?

Ms. Stump: Major items should not be handled through this administrative
process. They just shouldn't.

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Wolbach, do you care to speak to your
second?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I think what we're moving towards here
actually works pretty well. Having it come to Council for—I guess, maybe
approval is the wrong word—at least for Council review. It's not just on the
website if somebody needs to go look for it. It's coming to Council for
review. If the Council or if a member of the public sees then—hopefully
they've gotten a chance to see it during that 14-day period, but also when it
comes to Council for review, that's another chance to publicize these
interpretations that get made by the Planning Department which they have
to do through the course of their work. That would then be an opportunity
for us to say we're not comfortable with that. Let's get something on the
agenda to change that. Let's get something on the agenda, maybe in our
end of the year Code cleanup to change the ordinance to perhaps contradict
a decision that the Planning Director had made. That provides the publicity,
the clarity and bring it to Council's attention in a way that we're not
currently doing, and would still go further than what Staff had proposed
coming in this evening. I would actually be okay, I think, with changing the
word "approval" at the end of this to "review."
                                                                      Page 63 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
