                          TRASNCRIPT
for a couple of weeks, but hopefully we'll get it on there soon—who will
represent all of the renters in Palo Alto. It's almost half ...

Council Member Burt:       No.    The other 21 people will also represent
(inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: I'm getting there. There's one who actually has
the direct experience of being a current renter in Palo Alto. She even
pointed out in her application that renters in Palo Alto, even if they have kids
in the schools, even if they have been here for a long time, often feel like
they're not really part of the community. They don't ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, we've taken the vote, so I'm
trying to get to understand what your point is.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm getting there. The point is I would really
strongly encourage all the members of the CAC to recognize that they have
an obligation to represent everybody in Palo Alto, just as we do here, and to
go out of their way to consider the voices of those who are not represented
in their body.

Mayor Holman: I think at the very first meeting, it was pointed out that all
members of the CAC are to listen, entertain, engage, open their minds to
appreciating other people's perspectives and what other people have to offer
as well as their perspectives and opinions. That's what dialog is about.
That's how good outcomes are achieved. It's not just about one issue; it's
about all the issues. This is a dynamic process with dynamic individuals who
will surely be open minded to other people's perspectives and experiences. I
appreciate your bringing that up. That's the charge for all of the members.

Council Member DuBois: I know we want to get on to 14. Super quick. I
just want to say I really deeply appreciated all the applicants. It was really
clear a lot of people love Palo Alto. To Council Member Wolbach's point,
these are open public meetings. I would encourage anybody who applied, if
you did not get the votes—I see Bob Moss left, but I'm sure Bob will come to
the meetings. You can participate online. Please don't take it as a rejection.
We had over 50 people. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for saying that, Council Member DuBois. With
that, we have this long motion on the board. Vote on the board please.
That passes unanimously on an 8-0 vote with Council Member Kniss absent.
Thank you, colleagues, Council Members.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

                                                                         Page 86 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
