                           TRANSCRIPT
mentioned, the question of how do we deal with pieces that maybe we want
to remove or how do we plan for rotating pieces out. Some are meant to
stand the test of time, and others are great as a seasonal or annual piece.
That's an important thing to keep thinking about. You have my full support
to do that. Following on what Vice Mayor Schmid mentioned. This might be
partly a question as well for Staff and for the City Manager. How much does
the Public Art Commission coordinate with other Boards and Commissions?
Whether it's with the Youth Council or with Parks and Recreation, etc.

Ms. DeMarzo: I'm glad you asked that, because part of the Public Art Master
Plan, especially in the development of Public Art in Private Development,
there is a lot more interaction particularly with the ARB and with Planning
right now. In looking at the Master Plan and what the future may hold for
public art, where art might be needed, we're talking about things like
transportation. We're talking about historic resources. We're talking about
all these various things. We are planning to put on what we're nicknaming
the public art boot camp. For our partners, we're working with various
Boards and Commissions so that we can have that discussion about what are
best practices in public art, how do projects come about and to get them
thinking about public art beyond just the object. It could be something
having to do with the transportation corridor or something to that effect.
We are doing that outreach as part of our Master Planning process. It's
exciting for all of us Staff and Commissioners.

Rhyena Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director: Just one addition
to that. Concurrently to the Public Art Master Plan process, we have a huge
Parks and Rec Master Planning process.           We have met with those
consultants and we have invited representatives to our meetings, to Public
Art Commission meetings, to Master Planning meetings and vice versa.
Parks, of course, are a very popular place for public art. There's lots more
opportunity to develop that.

Council Member Wolbach: That's maybe something to keep in mind for City
Staff even across other departments as well. This brought it to my mind.
This question of, within the City, how do we encourage coordination,
cooperation, liaising between our various Boards and Commissions where it's
appropriate to bring shared perspectives and overlapping interests.
Following up on what Council Member Berman was saying. If there are
available, perhaps on our app or on the City's website or the mobile website
or wherever, if there are already curated tours planned out, ideal for
walking, ideal for biking or for different parts of the City or highlighting art of
different themes, that would be great to have especially for people who are
visiting the City or for people who do live here but we don't always notice
the things that are right under our noses. Also, continuing on what Council
                                                                             Page 13 of 56
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/27/15
