                   ACTION MINUTES
D.   Addressing the permanency of Conditional Use Permits; and

E.   Limiting restaurants on California Avenue to the current percentage;
     and independently, also to any extended ground floor district; and

F.   Limiting the number of hair & nail salons on California Avenue; and

G.   Consider limiting number of financial institutions on California Avenue;
     and

H.   Adding the word “predominantly” and “generally open to the public” to
     the definition of Retail Service consistent with the Retail Urgency
     Ordinance; and

I.   Limiting new development, rehabilitations (off El Camino Real) to
     respect the historical pattern of narrow store fronts and square
     footages that tend to support smaller, local independent businesses;
     and

J.   Requiring that any demolition and major rehabilitation be required to
     conform to ground floor retail requirements; and

K.   Prohibiting opaque windows at the ground floor in ground floor
     protected areas for any use, including existing uses; and

L.   Any other such matter that the Planning and Transportation
     Commission finds beneficial to retail quality and retention; and

M.   If any of the resulting recommendations require additional research,
     Staff is to return to the Council with an Interim Ordinance
     implementing those items that do not result in delay.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to add to the Motion at the beginning of Part E, “consider.”

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to replace in the Motion Part E, “Limiting
restaurants on California Avenue to the current percentage and,
independently, also to any extended ground floor district” with “consider
limiting restaurants on California Avenue.”

                                                                           Page 6 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                            Action Minutes: 5/18/2015
