                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Sure, or saying bring that idea back when we get
the full report back in the first quarter.

Council Member DuBois: I mean, honestly I added it because of the
conversation we had tonight. I think Council Member Schmid made some
good points that the consultants responded to. I mean, if we say this
tonight, I don't know how soon the RFPs or RFIs would go out, but it's
basically go ahead and start. Again, I feel like there's some real market
timing here, so I'd prefer to leave this in.

Council Member Berman: I'll move an amendment that we remove it.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second that, but I actually would like to move
forward with looking at a private model with the City-owned fiber and
private partners such as operating and only electronics considering both
Google and the market and not—I think if we moved forward on that—I just
want to ask Staff. If we move forward on that part alone, is that going to
give us useful information that carries on no matter what Google does? I
know that I wouldn't support building out a fiber model if we have Google
going full bore in this market. Do you have a different recommendation for
the two of those or do you stand by you don't want to do either?

Mr. Reichental: I do stand by it. There is significant effort to do it. If you
decide in February that based on new knowledge to do something
differently, we'd have expended a lot of time, significant time doing
something we didn't use. I also would raise the point that—obviously this is
speculative—who would respond to it knowing that Google is still deciding
whether they're coming.

Council Member Scharff: That's a good point.

Mr. Reichental: It's useful to the people who respond to have the market
settled as well.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second your motion with deleting it fully.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to remove from the Motion Part G, “Move forward with
Request for Information (RFI) exploring both Muni-owned model with
contractors for build and ongoing operations, and Public—private model with
City owned fiber and private partner (such as Sonic) operating and owning

                                                                       Page 64 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
