                          TRANSCRIPT
our usual "every project for itself" kind of thinking. I think we need to be a
little more system oriented than that. One of the charts in the Staff Report
that I really liked was this chart on page 593 that shows traffic during the
daytime hours. Basically what it shows is in the morning there's much more
traffic going westbound out of town on Arastradero than there is coming in.
In the afternoon, the reverse is true. There's much more traffic coming back
into town than going out. The study doesn't really explain the pattern per
se, but there's a pretty obvious inference. This is people who live in Palo
Alto commuting out to jobs elsewhere, either to the VA and the south side of
the Research Park or else to Foothill and 280 and other cities. If you accept
that assumption, then it's clear that a major source of the increased traffic
on Arastradero must have been housing growth, not jobs growth, which is
actually the opposite of North Palo Alto where most of the traffic growth has
been heavily driven by jobs growth. Now, if you work at the VA, you might
ride a bike or use mode sharing. If you commute to the South Bay via 280,
as I did for many years, you're probably going to stay in your car. The
implication is that if we continue to put a lot of housing growth in South Palo
Alto, then traffic on Arastradero and the cut-through traffic in the
neighborhoods is going to get worse. To a considerable extent, traffic is a
choice. When the City chose to zone for dense housing projects in South
Palo Alto over the last two decades, we chose traffic. I'm sure we weren't
thinking of it that way, but that is the reality. If you look at the Housing
Element of the Comp Plan, it still zones most new housing growth in South
Palo Alto. That's a choice for more traffic on Arastradero. At the same time,
we're acting to restrict that traffic. Unless we have some kind of "have your
cake and eat it too" card, those things seem inconsistent. Does that mean
we should redistribute some of our housing zoning to other areas of the
City? Maybe, maybe not. As we look at our overall planning, as we look at
the Comp Plan, this stuff needs to be in it. Palo Alto residents have told us
that traffic is a top priority. All the residents know that traffic on this road
sucks. Traffic is a system problem, and an output of zoning. We need to
understand and address it that way and not just do things and hope that
TMA or technology will make it all go away for us.

Council Member Scharff: I also, on a lighter note, wanted to give a shout
out to Penny as well and say that one of the rare times I actually did ride my
bike down Arastradero, who did I actually run into on Arastradero? I ran
into Penny and her husband. I actually think Penny lives on Arastradero. I
also wanted to say I appreciate the fact that you not only talk the talk, but
walk the walk, camp the walk, hang out on Arastradero. I know you know it
well. Anyway, thanks for your service on this.



                                                                        Page 101 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
