                         TRANSCRIPT
Mitchell Park and Rinconada Libraries currently now 1:00 to 5:00 P.M. and
increasing those to 10:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. There is Code Enforcement
staffing of $115,000. That adds one full-time Code Enforcement Officer
primarily funded through the General Fund, a bit funded through
Development Services which is offset by fees. This is to bring in a Code
Enforcement Lead who will train, coordinate and provide daily direction to
the two Code Enforcement Officers. There's $100,000 in the Budget related
to a seismically vulnerable buildings study, which the Council asked us to
take a look at and certainly part of Healthy City Healthy Community. The
Recreation Division and special events staffing has about $223,000 added to
it. It does add a Community Services Superintendant in Recreation to
provide as a lead, coordinating not just this but Citywide special events. It
will work on a lot of the Division marketing initiatives and other programs
related to cost recovery and recreation. Palo Alto Airport staffing, $79,000
increase. We did some analysis of contracting out versus bringing on a Staff
person to handle the maintenance operations.          It proved to be more
effective to bring on a Staff person, so this adds a net of one Manager of
Maintenance Operations with some cost savings elsewhere. Lastly, there is
a Senior Technologist position recommended for consideration to support the
Public Safety Department with the implementation of a lot of technology
systems. We've got $95,000 in the Budget for field patrol body-worn
cameras to add to our Police Department. There is a staffing position to
support facilities management. There is a funding proposal to initiate a
priority-based budgeting model, which ultimately during the Budget process
and beyond with Finance and the Council Walter can talk about this
methodology to add more discipline and rigor to how we prioritize even
working with the community and the Council. There's $50,000 funding for
an Individual Review process peer review study, $75,000 for a regional fire
and emergency medical services efficiency study, and a number of
investments in technology, etc. On the Enterprise Fund side of things, as
you are aware, given the interface between the UAC [Utilities Advisory
Commission] and Finance, the 2016 Budget includes utility rate adjustments
for fiber optics, refuse, storm drain water and wastewater charges. The
average monthly residential utilities bill will be expected to increase 6.3
percent or just under $15 a month from $237 to $252. At this time, there
are no rate increases in our most expensive services and funds and electric
and gas services. This does include a 12 percent water rate increase due to
water supply costs from the SFPUC and other challenges we're facing; a 9
percent wastewater increase due to capital improvements at the plant; and a
9 percent refuse fund increase as part of the expansion of the residential
food scrap collection program. The storm drain fee has its 2.6 percent CPI
increase. Our city continues to be at the epicenter of a thriving regional
economy. The economic good times as well as the voter approved Transient
Occupancy Tax increase have generated significantly higher revenues for the
                                                                          Page 5 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Trasncript: 04/27/2015
