                          TRANSCRIPT
Absolutely, we are 100 percent committed to securing all 1.45 billion to
electrify and start the Segment 1 of modernizing that system. We have all
but 431 million, which is why we're going back for 220 million, which is why
we say there needs to be a robust funding source for Caltrain in any future
2016 measure or we won't support it. In terms of the box you're in here,
you're right. The station right near here by Stanford generates about 7,000
weekday passenger trips.       The California Street Station, about 1,700
weekday passenger trips. Grade separations are important; we have to do
our best with limited resources to make them as cost effective as possible.
There's a couple in Mountain View that need it as well; at least one in
Sunnyvale as well. We have to figure out a way, as they did with the San
Mateo County measure that we supported, to at least have funds and a
process to have cost-effective grade separations wherever we can. We're
committed to doing that with you. In terms of your kind offer to get
together and work on this, I would welcome that opportunity. If you don't
mind, I'll be reaching out to you. By the way, I'm not a registered lobbyist
either. I've been a CEO for 19 years in this valley. We have advocates in
Sacramento, but I am not a registered lobbyist.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Mr. Guardino: Hello, Vice Mayor.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me just raise a couple of questions, one on
demographics, one on sales tax. Demographics, 80 percent of the funding
has been going to San Jose with the building of BART. It's a very nice
completion. San Jose, as a city, has a jobs to employed resident ratio of
about .8:1. Palo Alto has a jobs to employed residents of 3.3:1. Two very
different situations where it makes more sense to have BART coming to the
Mid-Peninsula than to San Jose. Palo Alto, itself, there are two very different
parts to Palo Alto. If you put the Research Park and the Medical Center
together, the two Stanford parcels in the City of Palo Alto, they have a jobs
to employed residents ratio of 32:1. The rest of Palo Alto has about 2:1.
One key question. Where's Stanford? If we're talking about taxes for the
benefit of all, shouldn't Stanford be here? That brings me to the sales tax.
Is the sales tax the right way to be doing this? Sales tax is a regressive tax.
It's the poor people and lower middle income people, it's a greater share of
their income than upper income people. We know also that the ratio of sales
tax paid of residents to workers is about 3:1. We have twice as many
workers here as we have residents, but the residents pay three times the
sales tax. The second question is where's business. Why isn't business
involved in this situation? There are two missing players tonight, Stanford
and business.


                                                                        Page 74 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
