                          TRANSCRIPT
and to continue the exemption for home-based and transitory businesses.
We're also recommending some software improvements that I spoke to
including some changes and deletions to certain questions. In terms of
FEIN, we are recommending that it not be required for sole proprietors who
may use their Social Security number. We are recommending deleting some
of the questions related to parking because we feel that they are confusing
and, therefore, subject to erroneous entries. Further, we'd like to explore as
part of Phase 2 really creating a plan that's solid for integration with other
permits. It is a complex matter that involves numerous departments and
key Staff in those departments. We really want to be thoughtful in terms of
how we integrate these processes, and then bring in the technology in terms
of Phase 3 to really integrate those. Lastly, it really has to do with increased
compliance. We feel that if the Council does take some of the Staff
recommendations tonight in terms of the exemptions, that that gives us a
great platform from which to do some additional outreach. We do feel that
there are some businesses who, if certain questions are changed, will be less
likely to not register.       Also, the Council could consider enhanced
enforcement. There's several techniques that are outlined in the Staff
Report that other cities take on. I would be happy to discuss that further.
Then return, of course, in Phase 3 to execute the plan for integration and
continue to explore further enhancements and improvements to the
program. I've summarized that in this recommended Motion. This is really
meant to be kind of a starting place for the Council. With that, I'd be happy
to entertain any questions that you might have. There's also some key
members of the City Attorney's Office, Development Services and Planning
here tonight to help answer any questions you might have. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have one member of the public who wishes
to speak to this item, Neilson Buchanan.

Neilson Buchanan: I think I've become one of the gadflies that show up
every time. I think this Business Registry is underestimated about its
importance. Obviously you think it's important, because it's been on the
agenda for well over a year. I've got a couple of suggestions that you ought
to dig into for this Phase 2. The last time this came up, I urged the Council
to require, one way or the other to get as many ZIP Codes of the employees
that are employed in the City. That ZIP Code information is critical to the
TMA. They should be up here asking for that information. They're doing
crude sampling to try to figure out where better trips could be enhanced for
employees. I don't know why with almost everyone's got a payroll on
computer, in most every business today. I would argue that they have the
ZIP Codes of their employees there, and it could easily be just trundled over
to the Business Registry. I could not tell from the report something that's
also very important. Many people in the central core have parking permits
                                                                         Page 12 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
