                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:      You can see when it's more cost effective to
replace than to maintain.

Mr. Eggleston: That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: That new position was not in the current budget?

Mr. Eggleston: It's not in the current budget. It is a new proposal.

Council Member DuBois: You touched on this a little bit. This is my dumb
question for finance. Are there financing instruments you can use to protect
yourself against future construction costs? I understand we're kind of
bonding the money. Is there any such thing as construction insurance or
ways we could protect against changes in construction costs?

Mr. Perez: I have not heard of one being used. Most of us end up using our
reserves as our backup. We'll talk to our financial adviser, see if they've
heard of anything. In the 30 years I've been in the business, I haven't
heard about that.

Council Member DuBois: Again, it's great to get this update, Brad, and see
all these things coming forward. I guess the last thing I'd say—I don't know
if you've ever been involved in these—is there's a whole bunch of bike plans.
We're spending a lot of money on bikes. It'd be great to continue to see
those come to Council as Action Items. We've had a few come on Consent.
Looking forward to a discussion next week about the other big projects.

Mr. Eggleston: Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I could, Council Member DuBois.
Perhaps just to lend another perspective on that issue of protecting the City
against cost escalation. I think ultimately in terms of the capital programs,
those tend to be a question of who bears the risk. Since construction costs
are largely driven by whether it be materials or labor and labor largely
driven by the competitive market and where the work is and the competition
for labor to do the construction, it tends to be a highly volatile factor in
ultimately our costs. We have industry indices that track this on an ongoing
basis, not unlike utilities ultimately in terms of cost of commodities. I would
say there's really no instrument for insuring against the cost. There can be
some methods of transferring the risk to the builder through guaranteed
maximum price, a design-build type of mechanism used. They tend to be in
fairly tight timeframes. No builder would be willing to accept the risk over
multiple years. Perhaps in a relatively finite timeframe of a year, potentially
                                                                         Page 14 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
