                          TRANSCRIPT
and 4 of the Natural Environment Element which refer to our urban forest
and the protection of our water resources. FEMA Director Craig Fugate says
droughts have the potential of all the hazards we face to be the most
destabilizing, both to our nation and to the Earth because of food shortages,
food insecurity and water wars. The USGS says groundwater is among the
nation's most important natural resources. It provides half of our drinking
water and it is essential to the vitality of agriculture and industry as well as
to the health of rivers, wetlands and estuaries throughout the country.
Large scale development of groundwater resources would accompany
declines in groundwater levels and other effects of pumping has led to
concerns about the future availability of groundwater to meet domestic,
agricultural, industrial and environmental needs. I'm an Emergency Services
volunteer. Some of you might have seen the disaster management cycle
which includes mitigation, preparation, recovery and response. Speaking
only for myself as an Emergency Services volunteer, I take Director Fugate's
warnings seriously. I believe that saving Palo Alto's groundwater falls in the
categories of preparedness and mitigation for future droughts. That is why I
joined the organization Save Palo Alto's Groundwater. Our group, Save Palo
Alto's Groundwater, is no longer asking for a study to determine the effects
of dewatering for the construction of basements. We are requesting that the
City change its policies to reflect the fact that with climate change
dewatering is a gift to a few homeowners that our City can no longer afford.
September 8, 2015 was Protect Our Groundwater Day. Policy N-18 of Palo
Alto's Comprehensive Plan states protect Palo Alto's groundwater from the
adverse impacts of urban uses. It is our hope that the implementation of
City policies will truly protect our groundwater. For more information about
dewatering      and      related    issues,    please     visit  our    website
savepaloaltosgroundwater.org. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Phil Harsh to be followed by Winter Dellenbach.

Phil Harsh: First of all, I'd like to thank you all for allowing me to speak
here. Secondly, I'd like to thank you for organizing, maintaining and
encouraging one of the finest Fire Departments in the country and one of the
finest Police Departments in the country. I'd just like to speak very briefly
to three points that have come to my attention since Friday the 13th. One is
that Palo Alto Fire Department no longer has a rescue truck. It may not be
critical to the City's needs right now, but in the case of a big emergency it
would be very useful. Secondly, in light of what happened and how quickly
it happened in Paris, I think it would be helpful, if it's possible, to build a
new police station that's a little more hardened than other police stations in
this area, so that our police are protected and also to encourage a defensible
perimeter around the new police station, if that's possible. Thirdly, I think it
would be advantageous if our emergency departments could have more
                                                                             Page 30 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
