                          TRASNCRIPT
population understands that there are going to be tradeoffs in anything. It's
actually very refreshing.

Council Member Scharff: How do you capture that it's okay to have a tennis
court or a bocce ball court in this? Are we talking about applying these on a
system-wide or do we apply these principles to an individual project? If it's
system-wide, you could say we have the Magic Bridge Playground, so we
have some of that. We have a tennis court over here. You want diversity of
uses. You said it's important to capture that. What I'm not getting is if
people come back and someone proposes a bocce ball court or some game
like that, and someone says it doesn't meet this criteria. If that's true, then
I don't support this criteria, because I don't think it provides the flexibility.
On a system-wide basis, I think if you look at it holistically and say we have
X number of thousands of acres, we want to accommodate all these different
uses. When it comes to a practical choice, if people are going to apply these
in a way like that, then maybe that's not the right criteria. I mean, I'm just
trying to figure out what we're going to use these for. That's really my
concern. I haven't given enough thought to think to myself—I'm trying to
figure out what system bias you are creating here. The system bias seems
to be for a swing set possibly, because it's unstructured free play, over a
more organized play. Maybe not. Maybe someone will argue a swing set is
a very structured organized play. I don't know. Maybe it's a slide because
the kid can do it by themselves as opposed to having two people. I'm just
curious as to what value, in terms of actually how you use this, that these
principles create.

Mr. de Geus: It's a great question, Council Member Scharff. We struggled
with it too, and the Parks and Recreation Commission has struggled with it.
We sort of want to do everything if we can. Every idea to increase or
enhance a park or a recreation facility, we want to do. It's a challenge. How
do we do that and filter ideas and interests so that we can take actions and
spend limited resources. We're working through that. These principles
represent the themes that we heard most often from most people that we
have been talking to over the last year. When they talked about their
individual parks, the park system, open space, recreation programs,
facilities, these are the things that came up frequently and often that they
want to see in their system. That's sort of the first filter. We think about
competing ideas for what we might put in a park, whether it's bocce ball or
tennis or something else. This cannot be the only filter, because most
everything will probably fit in there in some way. Some might fit better than
others, because they have more principles related to that particular idea. It
may get a little more emphasis there through that first filter, but then
there's a second filter which is the criteria which was also in the Staff Report
and you saw that and which is more specific about identified gaps in the
                                                                         Page 31 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
