                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Weiss: Right now, we would bag it like this and put it in the garbage.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It goes to landfill, where it never disappears.

Ms. Weiss: Right. The 114 tons that we talked about.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: Question on that.       I heard you can take that to
UPS. Will they take that?

Ms. Weiss: In the past, UPS has accepted some of the material for reuse.
In our discussions with them, we are concerned about allowing that to
continue. If I was to bring it back, it'd be hard to tell if they were just
distributing it for free or not. We would not want them to distribute it for
reuse.

Mr. Bobel: IF I could just add to that. I have taken it back to our Palo Alto
UPS Store, right across the street here. They've always been happy to
accept it, because they pay for this stuff otherwise, if it's clean and dry. You
might ask, "Wait a minute. If that's happening now and now we're going to
prohibit that sort of reuse in Palo Alto, we're not going to allow the UPS
Store to distribute it anymore."        They're going to have to go to the
alternative products. You could say, "Why are we doing this?" I think one of
the reasons we're doing this particular thing is that somebody has to kind of
set the example out there. If we don't start somewhere and tell the UPS
system that this isn't acceptable anymore, then we're not going to see a
change. I think we have the luxury of having great people like you in Palo
Alto who are supportive of this kind of thing. Not all communities do. I
think the burden falls on us as leaders to tell our UPS Stores, "No, we don't
want to see this stuff used. You actually can't even take it back from our
residents. We just don't want it reused." Hopefully, within the UPS system
that word will spread, and they'll say to themselves, "Palo Alto is not
accepting this anymore. There appears to be a sea change in the wind here.
Why don't we consider this at the corporate level?" We've done the same
thing with Hewlett-Packard. We've said to Hewlett-Packard, "We really don't
want this Styrofoam in your monitors and your computers anymore."
They've made great strides with the stuff that's produced in this country and
mailed from this country. In fact, they have a policy against it, but we just
ordered through Hewlett-Packard 400 monitors which came encased from
overseas in Styrofoam, I'm embarrassed to say. It's piling up here. We're
trying to put pressure on Hewlett-Packard to make a change within their
organization and not to purchase it even internationally. These are all tough
things. I think if a place like Palo Alto doesn't set the precedent and say no,
we're not going to see this change. We're not getting the leadership at the
                                                                            Page 63 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
