                             MINUTES
Mr. Rossmann advised that Staff wished to receive Council feedback
regarding the draft policy before returning to the Policy and Services
Committee to discuss free rental rooms.

Mr. Keene reported the Alma Plaza Community Room would return to the
Policy and Services Committee for further discussion.

Council Member Scharff recalled the Policy and Services Committee making
a decision regarding the Alma Plaza Community Room.

Mr. De Geus recalled a long discussion about the Alma Plaza Community
Room at the Policy and Services Committee. Staff recommended a fee for
private use of the room. Public use of the room would be free through a co-
sponsorship policy.     The Policy and Services Committee approved the
existing policies unanimously.

Council Member Scharff agreed. Due to no change in policy, there was no
need for Council action.

Mayor Holman stated that should be reflected in the fee schedule.

Mr. Rossmann referred to the Policy and Services Committee discussion
outlined on Packet Page 16 regarding a need for Staff to return to the Policy
and Services Committee.

Mayor Holman expressed concern about impact fees. In a prior meeting, the
consultant stated the City's impact fees were low. Delaying changes to
impact fees to FY 2017 would be detrimental as the economy and
development were growing at the current time.

Mr. Keene noted the report stated no later than FY2017. Staff shared Mayor
Holman's concern.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, clarified
that the section of the Staff Report referred to user fees. It was not specific
to impact fees, which Staff considered quite separate. The study of user
fees was concluding, and Staff hoped to present the initial results to the
Finance Committee after the budget process. Staff could work through the
user fees over the summer and fall and be prepared for the next budget
cycle. A nexus study was required for those fees not examined in the
process in 2014. A housing nexus study was underway. For FY 2016, Staff
proposed funds to complete a nexus study for transportation impact fees.

Mayor Holman asked if a study of park impact fees had been funded.



04/06/2015                                                             117- 164
