                          TRANSCRIPT
garages. When they evaporate, they release these toxins into the air, so
you breathe it in. These toxins as aforementioned can cause many diseases
such as cancer, Parkinson's and even birth defects. Since 1993, Mountain
View Ordinances have required newly constructed buildings to have vapor
barriers. These vapor barriers prevent TCE gas from entering living spaces;
however, Palo Alto does not have any official law that holds construction to
the same level of Building Code which endangers the lives of our residents.
In addition, residential buildings built over these contaminated sites in
Mountain View are not allowed to have underground parking for basements.
Yet, in Palo Alto underground garages are common in contaminated areas
and there are no restrictions to prevent this from happening. We feel this is
something that must be changed. The Environmental Protection Agency
(EP) has aggressively cleaned up much of the contamination across 101
freeway from Moffett Field, often using new methods such as
bioremediation. Nothing of the sort has happened in Palo Alto. Palo Alto
also uses an outdated 20-year-old pump and treat system. According to an
associate from the EPA and the United States Navy, TCE will take 100 years
or a century to fully remove these in this treatment. The system has also
caused TCE buildup in some wells. As citizens in Palo Alto, we are very
concerned about the safety of our City and our loved ones. We understand
that the City's officials are doing everything they can to ensure that the
situation is remedied. It is our hope that the City of Palo Alto will consider
the following measures to help counter the prevalence of TCE and other
groundwater contaminants. A, require inter-sampling around TCE hotspots.
Buildings with TCE levels above the accepted safety level of five parts per
billion must be treated and have vapor barriers installed. B, require new
buildings to have proper vapor barriers to prevent soil gas from entering
buildings. C, prohibit underground garages for all new construction over
contaminated sites.      Thank you for taking the time to listen to our
presentation.

Mayor Holman: Before you leave the podium, Brent, you have some other
people with you that look like might be your colleagues in this endeavor.

Mr. Man: Yes, they're all part of our club.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to introduce them all?

Mr. Man: Sure. We have Richard and Alex who spoke before me. We have
Zach Stewart, a junior. We have Zach Holsinger; he's a sophomore and
Alex's twin.   We also have Jay Lee and David Chin.      They're both
sophomores like me.




04/20/2015                                                             117- 321
