                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth understood the percentage was weighted by the land
use. That provided a net present value of the off-menu project of $2.8
million or the value of the project.

Mr. Kawahara concurred it was the net value.

Council Member Filseth asked if the 5.59 percent was the capitalization rate.

Mr. Kawahara responded correct.

Council Member Filseth reported that was the formula for the net present
value of a fixed annuity. The model used current rental rates. He inquired
about Kaiser Marston's assumptions as to how those would change in the
future and where that was in the model.

Mr. Kawahara explained that the model did not make projections for future
rents.

Council Member Filseth asked if he assumed the income stream was fixed for
the future.

Mr. Kawahara responded no. The model did not make any assumptions with
regard to the direction of rents in the future.

Council Member Filseth disagreed. Depending on what was in the cap rate,
the model generated the net present value of a fixed annuity, which meant it
was $953,944 every year.

Mr. Kawahara clarified that in real estate estimating an income stream
allowed the application of a cap rate, which is what Kaiser Marston did. The
cap rates were determined by the market, based on the price properties
were bought and sold for. Cap rates changed over time. The cap rates
Kaiser Marston assumed and resulted in the blended rate were intended to
reflect the current market for those uses. Purchases of other properties
reflected the amount other investors would project in terms of future growth
of rents.

Council Member Filseth asked if Kaiser Marston utilized comparables from
the industry to obtain those.

Mr. Kawahara replied correct.

Council Member Filseth requested Mr. Kawahara explain what exactly went
into the cap rate. The whole model was very sensitive to that number. A
sizeable body of literature stated the cap rate was equal to the risk adjusted
cost of capital minus the growth rate.
                                                                        Page 21 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
