                          TRANSCRIPT
Plan discussion, we're also going to be addressing the considerations that we
have that was in the Colleague's Memo some two years ago now, having to
do with El Camino design guidelines and the Grand Boulevard design. It
seems like we could pull all those together at once, rather than again letting
development happen on El Camino and then not having those things in place
that would guide what that development might look like. Do we have a
motion?

Council Member Scharff: The way I understood you to say we'd do this is
we'll make a tentative motion. Is that what you were thinking of on each of
these individual things or are we just going to continue on through each
individual thing?

Mayor Holman: You can try a motion and we can also do it if you would like
as a tentative motion and then we can go back and reaffirm them as a lump
or individually later. Let's get something on the floor.

Council Member Burt: But not vote on them (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: We could vote on them, but vote on them as tentatives.

Council Member Scharff: We can vote on them as tentatives if that's what
you want to do. We'll go through it and have tentative motions on each of
these subjects, and then we'll put them altogether and see if it gets five
votes. Is that plan?

Mayor Holman: Sure, yeah.

Council Member Scharff: I want to make sure we're clear on the (crosstalk).
I'll make a motion, but I want to speak. This is a two-year motion that says
until the Comprehensive Plan is adopted or for the next two years. I'm not
sure we'll adopt the Comprehensive Plan in two years. We are talking about
going forward and doing the Fry's specific plan. What we put in this motion
could very well form the basis for a continuing motion. I'm not sure that not
including specific area plans and all of that is not the right way to go. These
things take a long time if we're going to do any new ones. We should
include that. I'm a little concerned of Council Member Burt's concern that,
yes, we could have a lot of office space suddenly developed in SOFA. The
question I had for Director Gitelman is, is that a concern that we should be
concerned about. When we did the SOFA specific plan, did we include a lot
of office that's still to be developed there or is this not likely to be a concern
or do we have no idea at this point what that's likely to be?

Ms. Gitelman: I would have to research for you how much office potential is
left in SOFA II.
                                                                          Page 52 of 145
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/15/15
