                          TRANSCRIPT
where we had to adjust down because we were exceeding the recovery
level.

Mayor Holman: Yeah. I guess the question—you don't need to answer it
now—but the question is the impact fees that we collect, where are they
directed? Are they split too? Are they ...

Mr. Perez: They're directed to the purpose that they're collected for.

Mayor Holman: No, I understand. If they're fully loaded, are the impact
fees directed towards being able to pay salary or are they directed towards
...

Mr. Perez: The impact fees, they're predominantly used for capital. They're
not used for salary and benefits, if I'm understanding your question.

Mayor Holman: I thought we instituted a Public Safety impact fee that was
for staffing, because the commercial sector—I mean we have a much larger
daytime demand than we do in nighttime demand. I thought that one of the
impact fees that we instituted was for staffing. Am I misremembering that?
I know we did capital as well.

Mr. Perez: Yeah, it was mostly capital. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Mayor Holman: Okay. I'm misremembering. I thought we did both. You
mentioned also borrowing from Enterprise Funds. There's if it's legally
permissible, and then there's also the community perception of that.
Keeping that in mind ...

Mr. Perez: Absolutely.

Mr. Keene: If I might follow up on that. I think it raises a point we
shouldn't lose sight of. It goes a little bit back to the points that Council
Member Burt was making about revenue stream volatility. While we have
economic impacts if there's a downturn, we do have more flexibility and
discretion in the Enterprise Funds and the ability to set rates to match the
full costs that we have. If say close to a third of our employees are funded
through Enterprise Funds, we might want to be thinking about is there a
different schedule or approach that we use with Enterprise Funds as one
paying down their share of the unfunded liability. They obviously can't fund
Public Safety or other employees' share, but certainly all of the Utility
employees and folks involved in refuse and those other facilities. That
liability, we have more potential control over. As Lalo said, we have some
larger reserves there that might give us some flexibility to think about how
we buy this down a little bit differently. Additionally on the other side, if we
                                                                          Page 26 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
