                          TRANSCRIPT
on Cal. Ave. We've been talking about it a lot, so I assumed that it was
going to be a much greater percentage of the establishments on Cal. Ave.
and around Cal. Ave. I was surprised that it wasn't, and that's a good thing.
You said keep Cal. Ave. weird, I don't know if somebody's already said it,
but it just popped into my mind earlier today, keep Cal. Ave. quirky. We
definitely want to keep it unique. We don't want it to turn into a University
or a Castro. I was glad to see that hasn't happened over the past five or ten
years, or maybe three or four years, as things have gotten really hot in Palo
Alto. I don't see a pressing need to have a very restrictive Ordinance on
formula retail. I'd be open to creating some sort of a cap, but it would have
to be very nuanced. The CUP process would be important. I also don't
know why—I'm still confused about this whole appeal versus what we
currently have. I don't know why we're not doing an appeal, which is what
we do for, it seems to be, other controversial or potentially controversial
decisions that Staff makes that people can appeal to Council. Maybe I'm
just not seeing the benefit of what was suggested. I just know the appeal
process, and it seems to work. It sounds like others have much more
detailed ideas of what a Motion will look like, so I'll let them take point.
We've got a pretty good situation there that we want to retain while fixing
the parking issue, which seems to be the biggest problem that we have on
Cal. Ave.

Mayor Holman: Listening to Council Members' comments and questions and
having gone through the Staff Report and presentation tonight, the separate
attachment that we got in the packet, for me there are a few things that are
pretty critical to what we do tonight. One is to recognize, I think we do, that
local independent business is important, not only to the character of
California Avenue and responsive to what the community and other retailers
want, but it's also a good planning practice. It's a stronger economic model.
Somebody said, "Why would I want to go to such-and-such store here, when
I could do the same thing someplace else?" I've listened to comments too
about we don't have a chain store issue. I don't know that we do right now,
but the market moves much faster than government can. We've seen that
time and time and time again. The "zone for what you want" motto does
apply in this case. We want to get ahead of what potential impacts could be
facing us in the future. We don't want to allow it to happen and then have
to react to it, because it's oftentimes too late. Restaurants and parking
requirements, Staff has said that because of the parking requirements being
what they are, that would limit conversions of retail to restaurants in the
near future, but that would all change if we build a parking garage or other
things came into being. We need to look at again creating what the right
model is and not relying on what the future may bring. We need to decide
what we want to have there, and then act as such. Whether it's restaurants,
whether it's a proliferation of hair and nail salons, whatever it is, we have to
                                                                         Page 62 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
