                         TRANSCRIPT
on that? No one is here from AT&T, and no one's here from Verizon, so I'm
assuming that they're not panicked about this.

Ms. Silver: I did have a conversation with the ATT representative today who
made the same request that it be continued to me. He did say that he had
reviewed the ordinance and that he didn't think there were any significant
problems; they needed more time to vet it internally. I did mention to him
that there will be a second reading on this ordinance and that he could
supply comments, but we haven't received any as of yet.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I don't have any questions on the aesthetics and the
motion that was made. I do have a problem with the disconnect. Every
time we have a public hearing around a new tower going in, the chamber
gets filled with people. Half of them say, "I want better service." The other
half says, "I'm worried. What are the health effects of this?" The law is
based on the Telecommunications Act of 1996, that local communities
cannot regulate on health effects of RF emissions providing the facility is
complying with FCC emission standards. You look in the data, and those
emission standards were based on studies done in the early 1990s, 25 years
ago. We're living in a different world. The intensity, the number, the power,
the strength of RF emissions have changed. Everyone knows that. When
we have a public hearing, people come to hear that, and we have to say,
"No. That's not our job." Since this is the public hearing, individually as
people we have to make a response. What is the latest research? If you
start looking at the research, there's questions out there. In March 2013,
the FCC opened a new docket. They said, "We are not a health and safety
agency. We defer to others to interpret biological research." They tell us
that we can't ask health questions, because they've taken care of it. Then
they say, "We're not a health agency either." They opened a docket two,
almost 2 1/2 years ago, for public comment and also research on this.
There's not a word of what they've gotten, where they are. Are they
learning anything? Are they hearing anything? You go to the literature, and
there's lots of people who write articles and say this is dangerous, and
others say that's nonsense. If you look a little further at the FCC, the group
that knows better than us is the World Health Organization. They have a
group called the Interagency for Research on Cancer. A 13 country study.
They have ongoing, long-term research. First they reached the stage a little
more skeptical than the FCC, saying, "There are signs that something could
be going on." They're doing an intensive 13 country longevity study. They
say they will have the results in early 2016. That's an important statement.
Why doesn't the FCC share with us, if we're the front men for them? We
have the public hearings.       We've got to respond to people and their
concerns. Why don't they give us the latest information? Why do they
make us go and spend hours looking through health data, trying to say, "Is
                                                                         Page 32 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
