                            MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman reported the language referred to the three projects.

Council Member Burt clarified that the language did not refer to the larger
set of projects.

Ms. Gitelman concurred. Those three projects were not the main point. The
Council and Staff needed to move expeditiously, because a property owner
could achieve a transition from retail to another use through a ministerial
application. Those transitions could not be prevented prior to the date the
Council adopted an urgency ordinance.

Mayor Holman asked if Council Member Scharff did not wish to exempt the
three projects.

Council Member Scharff did want to exempt those three projects in the
Motion. Personally, he opposed exempting them, but he did not believe the
Council would support that.

Council Member Burt wanted to ensure that retail was predominantly retail
while the Council considered long-term definitions and examples of retail.
An interim definition of retail should state that retail was predominantly
retail in an attempt to eliminate fake retail.

Council Member Scharff was unsure about the meaning of predominantly
retail. He requested Staff comment on such a definition.

Ms. Gitelman reported the Municipal Code contained definitions for retail
services, eating and drinking uses, personal services, hotels, theaters, and
travel agencies. Those were all defined uses. The question was whether
those were the correct defined uses for the current time.

Council Member Burt inquired whether "predominantly retail" would
empower Staff to understand the Council's intent regarding fake retail.

Ms. Gitelman suggested language of "retail-like uses." That language would
allow uses such as commercial recreation which did not meet the definition
of retail and was not predominantly retail.

Council Member Burt was unsure whether "retail-like uses" captured the
Council's intent.

Mayor Holman suggested amending the definition of retail services to "retail
service means a use predominantly engaged in providing retail sales."

Council Member Burt concurred.


04/06/2015                                                           117- 189
