                          TRANSCRIPT
You also hit another big one on my list, which was I think it would be very
helpful to see on the ballot language a specific cap around BART. I think
that could go a long way. I was thinking 10 percent; you said 25. I think
the biggest thing is make it clear on the ballot. The second part of that is, I
think if also it was clear on the ballot there was dedicated money to the
north county. Part of that is this current process VTA is going through. I
think it really shouldn't be a "first project ready gets the money" kind of
process. It really needs to be around key issues like Caltrain. This is a 30-
year thing. If the project isn't ready to go right at the beginning of that 30
years, it shouldn't be a reason that it doesn't get funded. I think we support
completing BART but not to the exclusion of these priorities.

Mr. Guardino: I agree with that last sentence. You raise many good points,
three that were questions of some format. Let's talk about San Mateo
County first. We've actually approached unsuccessfully the leaders in San
Mateo County. Wouldn't it be great if three contiguous counties, the three
Caltrain counties, were all on the ballot with transportation funding
measures on the same ballot? San Francisco City and County, we've been
working with Mayor Lee and the Supervisors. They're hoping to go in
November 2016 with a Caltrain component. We are hoping to go in 2016
with a strong Caltrain component. San Mateo County just did a general
purpose tax a cycle or two ago, and they're just not ready. It's a shame.
When you talk about something transformative on those 79 miles of Caltrain
tracks, sadly for the foreseeable future there's no funding sources
countywide generated in San Mateo County. It's just the reality. We even
offered to poll for them, by the way, to find out if there was voter sentiment
in their county. They didn't even feel it was time to even do a poll that they
didn't even have to pay for. That's San Mateo County.

Council Member DuBois: Just to clarify. I'm not sort of thinking 79 miles,
but something like Redwood City to Mountain View in terms of where the
residential homes are along Caltrain.

Mr. Guardino: I hear you. Thanks for clarifying. There's no money in
Redwood City. Their last transportation measure has some money for grade
separations, but not that much and certainly not to be transformative in the
way that I think you're appropriately imagining. The second on a specific
cap for BART, yeah, I have spoken to that. Supervisor Simitian put that out
there; we agreed on the spot. That's fair. That does mean being very
effective in bringing in another billion in Federal funds and about another
750 million in State funds or other funds. It's not a small amount that would
still need to come in, but we'd be committed to doing that. The other thing
that I would mention, that we learned from the public works directors in all
15 cities and towns who we depend upon in every one of these measures
                                                                        Page 86 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
