                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: I think at a minimum if we have different interpretations by
Staff, we need to clarify the language no matter, whatever the Council wants
to do. I have a couple of other lights, but I actually have—in addition to
Council Member Burt's clarification, I have another one too. That is that I
cannot think of a preliminary review that has come to the Council that hasn't
been accompanied by a full set of full-blown drawings. I would hardly call
that preliminary review. I had this conversation with City Attorney earlier
today, and I actually have an amendment to offer to the maker and
seconder of the motion. On page 1 of the proposed ordinance under
18.79.010(a), to add some words.           Currently it reads "to maximize
opportunities for meaningful public discussion of development projects at the
earliest feasible time for the guidance of the public, project proponents, and
City decision makers." To add the language that "prescreening is intended
to focus on project purpose, scope, conceptual design and other similar
matters and is not intended to involve review of complete drawings and
documentation." I'll go through that again. Again, what happens is when
we get a project that is so completely vetted by an applicant, not only has
the applicant spent considerable time and expense, but it really hardly
presents before the Council a concept or a preliminary review. What we've
seen—I'll speak for myself here. What I've seen happen is it seems like
from that point on, very little changes about a project unless the Council
really dislikes the project. On a preliminary basis, we're really almost giving
the indication that the Council supports the project as it was presented.
Again, my proposed amendment is at the end of "A" is "preliminary review is
intended to focus on project purpose, scope, conceptual design and other
similar matters and is not intended to involve review of complete drawings
and documentation." I offer that as an amendment to the maker of the
motion.

Council Member Scharff: I'm actually inclined to accept that. I just wanted
to ask a quick question, if that's all right.

Mayor Holman: Sure, of course.

Council Member Scharff: I actually wanted to ask the Planning Director. I
think this also goes back to the Council Member Burt's issue. It struck me
that I agree with Mayor Holman in that my understanding of a preliminary
review is that you come forward not to look at the drawings itself and not to
look at the design features, because that would require all this drawing and
all this investment. It would negate the benefits of a preliminary review.
That's why you would look at it differently. That's why I wanted to
understand how that would work with the ARB. The ARB is separate than
                                                                         Page 45 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
