                          TRANSCRIPT
characteristics. It's a commodity or a good. It's sold in small quantities and
sold to a final consumer. That definition might be helpful in retail-like,
looking at services. What is like a retail good? The problem with putting a
list down is we live in a dynamic society and things change. They change
quickly. Fitness, for example, I guess you have that under commercial
recreation, but that's a new industry that's growing. Delivery services, as
more and more people shop at home, retail for them is a place they can
return goods. Does that qualify as a retail site? Certainly for many
householders buying and selling a consumer good, it would. Finally, I'm
concerned about medical offices. They are not protected, so they might
become the next vulnerable area for being replaced by offices. It raises, for
me, a red flag. Certainly for a consumer, an aging consumer wanting to
have services available, medical services are critical. You seem to be
leaving them up in the air. I certainly would, if not dealt with here, think a
little bit about what might happen to medical services.

Council Member Wolbach: A couple of questions and thoughts. Continuing
along the line of thinking that Council Member DuBois got me thinking
about. My sense is that if we were going to limit or allow a music school, a
dance studio, a coding class, I don't see a way that we would be able to be
fair and say that a math class or an English class or combined an SAT prep
class or school would not be allowed. However, if we are concerned about
chains, whether it's a chain restaurant or a chain tutoring facility, we should
have that conversation. That would probably be something we'd want to
talk about at a later time, but it's been brought up in the past. That's a
conversation we should have at some point. I don't see how in this
Ordinance, particularly the Interim Ordinance tonight, how we'd be able to
justify legally restricting SAT prep and not the dance, the coding or the
music. I would probably be reluctant to do that. On the question of what
other things we might include, there are a few that come to mind. Vice
Mayor Schmid hinted at one of these that I was thinking about, which is
services for seniors. I would also add to that others in the context of, I'm
sorry. The question on this next one is, along the lines of senior services,
would things like youth or teen centers or youth services, homeless services
or disabled services of facilities, would those be covered?

Ms. Gitelman: We haven't included those uses on this list. I'll have to
consult the definitions here to see what uses those would fall under.

Council Member Wolbach: Under this Ordinance, if a space is not currently
retail and then in a couple of months, assuming we extend this past the
initial term, let's say it becomes retail. Would this Ordinance then prevent it
from reverting back to whatever it was previously?


                                                                         Page 28 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
