                            MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct the consultant that if the methodology
suggested in the Motion is determined to not be reasonable and defensible
and the Director of Planning and Community Environment concurs with this
determination, the consultant will not perform the analysis but instead will
report back to City Council on why the methodology is not reasonable and
defensible.

Council Member Filseth asked if the State mandate stated that in order to
contest the requirement to implement off-menu concessions, the Council had
to provide a written and justifiable argument of why the extra value of the
concessions exceeded the cost of the BMR units.

Ms. Silver added that in order to deny the concessions, the Council needed
to provide a written document which would be the Record of Land Use
supported by substantial evidence which would essentially be the
consultant's report. The Council needed to make a finding that the incentive
was not required to provide for affordable rents or affordable sales price.

Council Member Filseth would not want to put the City in a position where a
disagreement between the City and the consultant would prevent the City
from pursuing a justification.

Council Member Scharff clarified that if the methodology suggested in the
Motion was determined to be not reasonable and defensible and the Planning
Director concurred, then the consultant would not perform the analysis.

Ms. Gitelman would be happy to consult with colleagues.

Ms. Silver advised that Staff had run through various scenarios with KMA,
and did not believe the expense would be considerable. If Staff did not
believe the methodology was defensible, then they would provide the
Council with a confidential memorandum.

Ms. Stump understood the Council's intent was to be fiscally responsible. To
the extent that issues were sometimes matters of judgment and relative
risk, Staff would provide the Council with confidential advice for its
judgment.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether the consultant was comfortable with
the Motion. If the consultant did not wish to perform the work, then Staff
had permission to perform the work themselves or find another consultant.
The consultant did not need an agreement from the Planning Director not to
go ahead.

                                                                      Page 35 of 39
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 1/26/2015
