                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Burt's comments. It
was important to have a trial program. The public had indicated concerns
about the three areas contained in the Motion. The cap allowed the City to
meter growth in those areas. He agreed with strong TDM measures for the
Research Park. He asked if the Motion allowed Staff to provide options
which the Council had not proposed.

Council Member Burt offered language of "under the following guidelines and
other aspects that Staff recommends for consideration."

Council Member Scharff felt the Motion moved the City forward in a direction
that was good for the community and was a fair compromise.

Council Member Kniss agreed the Motion was a good compromise. The City
should be involved in developing the Comprehensive Plan such that it fit the
vision for the life of the Comprehensive Plan. The discussion needed to
address the appropriate amount of growth for the City. The limit of 50,000
sq. ft. aligned with growth over the past 15 years. The Council needed to
deal with the two existing caps. The TDM was a good direction. The design
elements would result in an interesting discussion. Other potential public
benefits would be a good idea.

Council Member DuBois offered an Amendment to add strong tenant
occupancy limits as one of the criteria considered in the scoring.

Council Member Burt asked or clarification.

Council Member DuBois agreed for Staff to return with idea with the
inclusion of ways that the intensity of use in the new building could be
discussed.

Council Member Burt stated that remained a very important discussion and
he was not certain how that discussion would be folded into this particular
measure.

Council Member DuBois suggested part of the scoring projects would
propose their occupancy and that would be considered as one of the factors.

Council Member Burt agreed to have that as one of the elements brought
back by Staff for considerations.

Council Member DuBois recommended it go after environmental quality and
before other benefits.

Council Member Burt agreed to place under 6 “Potential Tenant Occupancy
Limits”.

03/23/2015                                                           117- 138
