                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Separated bikeways are fairly affordable when you compare them
to a cost of a trail in its own right-of-way. I don't want to over-promise, but
I think we could probably deliver an on-road separated bikeway within the
$1.5 million budget. That doesn't include the overcrossing of Caltrain and
Alma, which I think we estimated for the VTA submittal that that would be
somewhere around $13 million.

Council Member Filseth: There's a 1 million, 2 million kind of thing, not a 8
million, 10 million thing.

Mr. Mello: I don't think it would be that far off. If it was over, it wouldn't be
over dramatically.

Council Member Filseth: I think you just answered the second question I
was going to ask. The Homer Street underpass, I think, was like $5 million
back ten years ago. You think to do another one like that is 13?

Mr. Mello: We just estimated a cost for that when we did our submittal for
the VTA sales tax initiative. We submitted a $13 million cost estimate for
that particular over-crossing.

Council Member Filseth: Inflation. That was my questions. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, questions and comments.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I wanted to follow up a little bit where
Council Member Burt left off in terms of the hybrid. One of the things that
we didn't talk about was continuing under US 101 there, where the trail goes
under. Were you planning on abandoning that as well as part of that? Say
we were to take, for instance, Loma Verde. You could clearly take Loma
Verde down and then have a little purple line and the dotted line. You could
do that last segment, so you could get over to 101 easily. Were we thinking
of doing that or when we talk about stopping on the creek trail?

Mr. Mello: Our thinking right now around that has kind of been to focus on
getting the Adobe Creek crossing of the 101 advanced and constructed, and
then start to look at others. I don't know if we want to look at advancing
two overcrossings of 101 simultaneously. If you see the maps ...

Council Member Scharff: Isn't that an undercrossing there, where the creek
goes under? Isn't that an undercrossing?

Mr. Mello: Yeah. Matadero Creek crosses under 101, and it's closed right
now. I think one of the recommendations was to do a seasonal.


                                                                             Page 33 of 71
                                                              City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/9/15
