                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'm thinking of all the interesting, different uses
there are in our community. I'm presuming that pet services doesn't need
to be listed separately. Is that personal services?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, which?

Council Member Kniss: Pet, pets, pet grooming, pet services of some kind.
That's under personal services or is that not listed yet?

Ms. Gitelman: There's an animal services use.

Council Member Kniss: There is or was a pet-type store in the Charleston
shopping center. I don't know if it's still there or not. We're hearing it's still
there.

Ms. Gitelman: There's a use called animal care. If it's not included on this
list in the Ordinance, then if the current facility went away, it could be
replaced by another animal care use, but it couldn't be replaced by another
use that's not either there already or on this list.

Council Member Filseth: Can the City Attorney comment just for a little bit
on the limits of what zoning can be required on change in tenancy? I know
you folks are looking at this. What's the latest thinking on that?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member
Filseth.  Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney.         This particular
Ordinance is drafted in a way that does not pose any difficulties with respect
to a change in tenancy. There have been some questions about how far can
you reach back for a change in tenancy and could an Ordinance like this or
some subsequent Ordinance apply to reach back to capture past changes of
tenancy. We think that there are some legal vulnerabilities there.

Council Member Scharff: I'm going to need you to walk me through the real
estate office to Wells Fargo. I don't see anywhere in the Ordinance, I'm
probably reading it incorrectly, where that's a problem in the Ordinance. If
you could point to the specific language, I'd appreciate it.

Ms. Gitelman:     In the Ordinance, it's Section 18.85.102(b).       It says
conditionally permitted uses suspended during the pendency of this
Ordinance, no ground-floor retail use operating as a ... may be replaced by
any other non-retail use including uses for which Conditional Use Permits are
currently allowed. I believe our expectation was that that would preclude
new conditional uses. I'll ask for Cara's help on this. I think Council
Member Scharff is pointing out that that paragraph 102(b), conditionally
permitted uses suspended, applies when there is a retail use operating as of
                                                                            Page 25 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
