                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Generally, for other types of packaging coming
from outside, I guess, what are the industry trends and why or why not are
people moving to alternatives to, like, foam peanuts?

Ms. Weiss: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the trend moving foam peanuts.                I'm
sorry (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: It sounds like you showed some different examples
of different kinds of things you could use for packaging. Do you have any
idea why companies are either adopting those or not adopting those?

Ms. Weiss: More companies are adopting those, are using more things like
the foam pillows or just good old-fashioned newsprint or brown paper. I
think they're hearing that more cities don't want it.

Council Member DuBois: There's no cost issue like peanuts are cheaper or
anything?

Ms. Weiss: I think in some cases they are. I think, like the plastic pillows
which I brought a sample of that, are just as cheap or cheaper. I think
companies like Amazon and some of these other large shipping places are
really trying to crack the packaging and waste code. They're really trying to
make efforts to do so. We're not seeing that it's a big issue. Go ahead.

Mr. Bobel: I was just going to generalize and say that I think what you'll
see us trying to do in our last Ordinance and this Ordinance and moving
forward is test the alternatives, talk to folks. If we something that has a
good alternative, then we'll propose to eliminate it or ban it. That was the
egg carton example. The food tray example is sort of at the other end,
where we also explored—meat trays I meant to say—we also explored meat
trays and there we didn't find that they had a great option readily available.
That's really the test, is there a good option and are they willing to do it.
The stuff that comes from, frankly, overseas which is not eggs is much more
difficult to control. You're going to see us continuing to work on that and to
see if companies that found an alternative in this country can they get their
suppliers in another country to do the same. There's sort of an international
issue there.

Council Member DuBois: Just two quick comments. I generally support this.
I'm a little bit uneasy about focusing on eggs and allowing meat, but I guess
I can understand that explanation. I'd like to make sure there's enough
transition time; I'm a little bit worried in your schedule. Again, I think
letting people use up their inventory makes sense. When the Ordinance
comes back, I'd really like to see a comparison between us and definitely the

                                                                           Page 58 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
