                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: This is the second hearing on the Minimum Wage Ordinance. Is
that correct?

Mayor Holman: That is correct, yes. Thank you for stating that. Council
Member Kniss, was that what your light was on for?

Council Member Kniss: My light was on to second, but also I do need to
excuse myself on the item involving the Williamson Act.

Mayor Holman: That is Item Number 15.

Council Member Kniss: Do you want me to explain it?

Ms. Stump: Just state for the record.

Council Member Kniss: Shall I move out of the room afterward?

Mayor Holman: No, you don't need to leave the room.

Ms. Stump: For Consent, you may stay in your chair, but you need to
identify the source of the conflict.

Council Member Kniss:        Because we do own property that is in the
Williamson Act, that is dedicated as agriculture and open space.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to make a comment on Item 16 at the
appropriate time.

Mayor Holman: That would be now.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. I'd love to encourage Staff to
perhaps bring this back. I'd like to see us update our fines particularly for
things like grocery stores that are parts of PCs, that are left empty. Also,
fines for destruction of historic buildings, that I don't think have kept up with
building prices. Finally, I think people have brought up the issue of people
abusing EV chargers.        There's a fine for overnight use of community
facilities. I just wanted to make that quick comment.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. We will note all of those
items for a future amendment either of the Administrative Penalty Schedule
or for a specialized, more custom item that's coming forward on those.
None of those are included in this item tonight, and we encourage you to
adopt to update the schedule that is before you. We will pursue those
additional items.
                                                                         Page 50 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
