                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: This would be a fiscal year, so it would start July 1. The idea
is anyone who applies or is pending July 1, basically the application would be
processed but it couldn't be approved until after March 31st. At that time
we would know whether there were more than 50,000 square feet in the
pipeline or not.

Council Member Scharff: Any time you got your thing in after July 1, it
would be decided the following March of whether or not you're within the
cap. After that, if you got it in March 10th, if the cap had already been given
away, then it would go to the next March 1.

Ms. Gitelman: It depends on whether that application would be complete
and could be acted upon and what else is going on. The idea is that people
who submit early in the year are waiting for a long time to get their decision
from the City. The people who submit closer to the March 31st date are
potentially only waiting a few days if their application's ready to be acted
upon. This is one of the challenges. There's a lot of uncertainty. There's
going to be winners and losers. People who have thought ahead, like the
applicants who have gone through preliminary review, have been doing a
design and now they're ready to submit, they're potentially waiting for a
long time to get the City's up or down vote.

Council Member Scharff: One other question I had. Staff has a bunch of
different uses. The ones that stand out to me are medical uses. Some
speaker brought up nonprofit spaces or maybe Staff brought it up in the
thing. That was the first time I thought about nonprofit spaces. Is that
workable? I understand if you develop medical spaces, you could say that's
not included in the cap. That makes perfect sense to me. I'm wondering
from a Staff perspective how we would enforce and make work if you said it
has to be a nonprofit. Is that something you feel comfortable we could
enforce and do? If you built nonprofit space, that wouldn't be included in
the cap.

Ms. Gitelman: In the Staff Report, we do raise some concerns with that line
of thinking. It's really difficult to legislate based on the business entity
rather than land use. Zoning is about land use. That would be quite a
challenge. How would you prevent, for example, an office space that's built
for a nonprofit from converting to another office use that's not a nonprofit?

Council Member Scharff: That was my question. Could Staff do this or not?
That is really the question.

Ms. Gitelman: It would be potentially very challenging. We could obviously
analyze it in some specific detail, if the Council wanted to go in that
direction. Our alarm bells are going off that it would be really difficult.
                                                                        Page 45 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
