                          TRANSCRIPT
school there, who own property. Our schools are one of the essential things
that's made us rich, if not the most essential thing. We all know that. I was
very disappointed to see that the Staff recommendation was to take out the
school and safe community component of whatever appraiser will do the new
appraisals. I think that is so ridiculous and irrational that it brings into
question the City's integrity, the Council's integrity. It's embarrassing. It's
just embarrassing. I know you all know this. Surely you will not go with
Staff's recommendation on that. I don't want to see the headline in the
Daily Post or any of the other papers or on TV tonight when we go home
that Palo Alto says we're going to not value education and safe community.
That is a true embarrassment. A couple of other quick things. I think it has
been said that the Buena Vista kids can just get waivers and still come to
Palo Alto schools. I have worked on this for a couple of years now. I know
about the waiver situation. One of the things about waivers, you've got to
be close enough to get to school. We've already talked about how people
are going to have to leave the area, almost everybody. Unfortunately, they
probably won't be close enough to take advantage of a waiver, if they qualify
for a waiver to continue going to school in this district if they live in another
district. Keep that in mind. Measure A just passed 70-some percent. That's
a clear indication of what we think of schools. I think we're between a rock
and a hard place tonight. If you vote to approve the application, then the 6-
month notices could be issued tomorrow. If you vote to not close it, perhaps
talks can continue to buy Buena Vista. Good luck with that. I know that risk
aversion does not trump saving Buena Vista, and it doesn't trump the
integrity of this community and our reputation in the wider world. We're
relying on you to make a good and wise choice.

Sandy Perry: Good evening, I'm Sandy Perry. I'm also from San Jose. I'm
an organizer with the Affordable Housing Network of Santa Clara County.
We feel like one of the earlier speakers said that this decision tonight is
going to impact not only mobile home parks, but also affordable housing all
over our county.      I'm sure everyone here is aware that we're in an
affordable housing emergency. Rents are averaging around $2,500 a month
in this county. Unlike 1999, there's no end in sight now. The jobs and
housing imbalance is projected to continue to get worse for the foreseeable
future. Mobile home park conversions are a major threat to the existing
affordable housing that we have. Right now government at every level is
not committing serious resources toward remedying that. In fact, Congress
is looking at cutting federal programs for housing. This appears to us to be
a classical case of property rights against human rights. It's an argument
we've had in the United States since 1776. We even fought a civil war
around it. This question of rights in conflict is a very similar issue to what
we had in San Jose. A couple of weeks ago, we had a big debate about
tightening up our rent control ordinance. It was a question of the right of a
                                                                          Page 7 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/26/15
