                         TRANSCRIPT

adjacent blocks to opt in on a resident-only basis similar to College Terrace.
It's just not fair for areas that have never had this problem to suddenly be
inundated with it. Thanks.

Adina Levin: Hello, Council Members and Staff. Adina Levin. I've been
serving on the advisory committee for the TMA. Having been doing that, I
have two comments about one item in this plan that is important and tactical
and one piece that is potentially important and strategic as a next phase.
It's good to see the City moving forward on all the different fronts, the
three-legged stool, more efficient parking, RPP, transportation demand
management, parking supply. I think that was four things, but at any rate.
One of the items in here was the suggestion of a lower priced daily pass.
Looking at what's being discussed in the transportation management
association is a potentially very valuable thing for three different reasons.
The first is having that $17 daily pass. If you've got somebody who would
really want to be using Caltrain but maybe needs to drive one day a week,
that person right now would be making a rational decision to purchase a
monthly parking pass and never take Caltrain. The monthly pass is $39 to
$49. Four single days, and they're already buying a monthly pass and never
taking transit. That will help take transit. It will be of help for part-time,
low-income workers. There's a price point being created for a permit for
low-income workers. Still, if somebody has a part-time job and doesn't do
enough driving and parking for that full outlay, that will help them. The
other way that it will help is to not encourage people to use Caltrain's lots
which are priced at $5 and to park there instead of the garage. If the
Caltrain lot is $5, people are going to park at the $5 Caltrain lot. The
strategic element, I would love to use the time here. One of the elephants
in the room in talking about the transportation management association is
how are we going to fund not only the pilot programs but the full-fledged
implementation to get a large number of people out of cars. There's a piece
of financial analysis. One structured parking spot, the annualized cost is
$300 per month if you look over the 30-year lifespan of the project. $300
per month will purchase a Cadillac/BMW/Tesla-quality transportation
demand management program. If we are able to utilize some of the
funding, the in-lieu fees, tax fees, that are designed to improve access, we
can use some of that access funding to create excellent programs to reduce
driving. Strategically, it would help to do a long-term forecast about what
mix of new parking supply versus if we freed up that money to use it to
reduce trips. Could we potentially never have to build some of those parking
spaces or structures at all? Thank you.


                                                                        Page 9 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
