                         TRANSCRIPT
get it. We've got rules, and this violates them. That's absolutely true;
however, PC zoning is a fairly standard zoning tool used by many locations
across the country that allows cities to consider, simply consider, projects
that we cannot imagine today. The decision whether to move forward with
this Ordinance depends on how prescriptive you think our development
regime should be. If you feel the City is good enough at the negotiating
table to extract worthwhile public benefits in exchange for zoning changes,
then we may want to revise and adopt this Ordinance. If you think
developers perennially have the upper hand and will win that tug of war,
then we probably should keep the moratorium in place. We're happy to
answer any other questions.

Council Member Burt: Commissioner Fine, can you give me a little better
sense of what the Commission understood to be the general direction and
guidance that the Council had given for what we were interested in, reforms.
There seems to be a very strong disconnect between what the Commission
recommended or even considered and what the Council gave as guidance,
given that you as a Commission are appointed by the Council to advise the
Council according to the directions that we provide and your best judgment.

Mr. Fine: That's a good question. I actually agree there is some disconnect
on this issue and a few others. We were given some guidance in terms of
considering whether PC zones should apply in only certain geographies, and
then also to consider a menu of public benefits. We did not believe that
those were the correct ways to approach this Ordinance, and we did consider
the Ordinance as a whole. I hope that answers your question.

Council Member Burt: Not fully. The Council in no way gave any sense of
direction, in fact provided really the opposite direction. For instance, a
question of whether PCs should actually have an increase in building height.
The Commission came back with basically that recommendation, for
example, in the opposite direction in my mind from the general thrust of
what the Council gave as the direction it would like to pursue. I'm basically
trying to understand what the Commission thinks its role and its obligation is
today.

Mr. Fine: That's a good question. Our role is to this Council and to the City.
I think we do take all the Ordinances as a whole though, and we're trying to
look at them to the best of our ability. We'd appreciate your feedback on
any of those matters. Hearing this tonight is helpful to me. I'll definitely
take that back to the Commission. As I mentioned earlier, I think we could
all sync up better on these issues in general.

Mayor Holman: Do you have any other comments you'd like to make?

                                                                         Page 54 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
