                         TRANSCRIPT

suing the City, I'm going to fix it myself because I'm so appreciative of the
program. Yeah, but. Yeah, right, you knew it was coming. Members of the
Council, as we approach Phase 1 of the RPP, it is of course important to
address its implementation. Jessica has done that and even more this
evening. That's one of the tasks for this evening. Let me say kudos should
go to Jessica and Sue-Ellen for getting us as far as we've come. I know
others are involved, but they are really there on the line. I just think it's
worth mentioning Staff.       It's equally important to address the issues
downstream. Phase 2 will be established in December, and we need to have
more public discussion about what Phase 2 will be. The data gathered in
Phase 1 will help of course, but these data only quantify the problem.
Moreover, they only quantify the problem as it exists today. They do not
look to the future examining development projects in the pipeline or those
on the not-so-distant horizon. The Phase 1 data cannot define what is
consistent with the Comprehensive Plan which we all know encourages
development but not at the expense of the City's neighborhoods. For this,
Council must establish quantitative standards regarding the amount of
parking intrusion that is fair and reasonable. We need to know where we
are going even if initially our problems are too great to honor the standard.
It is a simple matter of trust. Indeed, I submit it is the absence of such
Council-approved standards in the past that has surely played a large role in
getting us into the present crisis. I urge Council to exercise its fiduciary
responsibility and begin now to address this fundamental issue. Thank you.

Norman Beamer: I have two quick comments. First, the issue of satellite
parking. I'm disappointed that Staff is recommending that that be put off or
indefinitely postponed. I think it's a crucial component of the overall
solution. There's just no way that the RPP or the parking garage or the
transportation demand management is going to handle this situation.
Satellite parking is another hopeful possibility. I was kind of dismayed to
hear that during the time it took to start the study and to finish the study
that the influx of new parking demand in that area has obsoleted the study.
I mean that's just symbolic of the whole City and the phenomena that's
going on in Downtown with all the parking demand that's coming down the
pike. I mean if that causes people to give up, what's going to happen with
RPP when all this new parking comes into play? Anyway, I would urge that
Staff be asked to go back and try to figure out how to do satellite parking
with shuttles. I think that's an important aspect of this. Related to that is
the RPP program and the problem that I indicated in a letter that I just sent
recently. The neighborhoods adjacent to the district are very concerned
about the inevitable spillover once the RPP goes into effect. I'm hoping that
administrative regulations are put into place as soon as possible to allow for
                                                                        Page 8 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
