                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: It's retaining what was in the proposed Motion but
clarifying the wording of this under 18.85.203(c). Section 1 has had the
language rewritten as here. Then it still includes Section 2 of that. It's
basically bringing it back in with language that I think is more simple and
clear.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman has spoken to the ...

Council Member Burt: Speaks to the intent.

Mayor Holman: ... has spoken to his second. I see no other lights from
Council Members. Could that possibly be? Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I did have it on. It probably flipped off. My big
question here—can you pull it down a little bit, either David or Beth, so we
see it at the top? What this says is—as I'm reading it—Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Right. The amendment has a lot to do with the rest
of it. I need to ask is this going to come directly to Council. Do you see this
going through ARB and HRB? All the criteria that we have here plus an
amendment we just added.

Council Member DuBois: No. Staff is going to propose a process. That
process would come to us. Once the process is in place, it'll be whatever
they propose.

Council Member Kniss: You would see it going through ARB and HRB?
That's important to me before I vote on any of it.

Council Member DuBois: I guess it depends—I mean, again, part of the idea
of this would be some kind of quantitative scoring mechanism. Maybe
they're ranked.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois:      Again, I'm asking Staff to come back with that
process.

Mayor Holman: I think Hillary would like to speak.

Ms. Gitelman: Two clarifications. The amendment is referring to the section
of the Ordinance with exemptions. It's not referring to the criteria. The
Motion, as I understand it, directs us to return with an administrative
                                                                       Page 117 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
