                          TRANSCRIPT
reappointing the City Council Rail Committee. It takes that kind of focus,
frankly, on a monthly-type basis to move these things forward. I think it's a
really good motion, and I thank Council Member Burt for it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think it's a well-crafted motion. I've already said
I think this is a really critical structure for the long term. I'm willing to
personally dedicate a lot of my own personal time, reach out to officials in
other cities.    We also have an incredibly knowledgeable and smart
community. I'd love to hear ideas and hear from people who are willing to
contribute their time on this effort.        I would offer a minor friendly
amendment to "B," that we include an option for kind of a mid-Peninsula
solution. I would offer "to address rail impacts and the future of rail in Palo
Alto and the mid-Peninsula."

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt?

Council Member Burt: Yes.      Just simply add "and the mid-Peninsula."           Is
that what you're saying?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I mean I understood what you were saying.
You were including reaching out to elected officials (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: Yeah, I understand. I just wanted to be clear on
what you were saying. It's simply under "B." After it says "in Palo Alto," say
"and the mid-Peninsula." That's great. If that's okay with the seconder.

Council Member Scharff: That's fine.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, okay. Good.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part B, “and
the Mid-Peninsula.”

Mayor Holman:     Anything else Council Member DuBois?        Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll definitely be supporting the motion. Thank
you for crafting it. I think it's direct, it's to the point. I just want to ask
colleagues and also Staff if we should include anything about the Section
190 or Section 130 in this motion, just to knock it all out together, and if
Staff needs any direction in this motion regarding Sections 190 or 130.

Mayor Holman: Jim.
                                                                         Page 35 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
