                          TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman: Second by Vice Mayor Schmid.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Schmid to direct Staff to return with a revised Resolution
incorporating revisions from Council to soften the language to be more
aspirational.

Mayor Holman:      Council Member Scharff, do you care to speak to your
substitute?

Council Member Scharff: Yes. I mean, I noticed that every week we're
sending something to Policy and Services. I think it would be good to come
back with this, make it aspirational, look at it. I don't think it would be a lot
of work for Staff to do that. I think it's a lot more work to send it to Policy
and Services. I think it would be a lot easier to do that. To have Council
then look at it, take the broad outlines of it, pass it, and then we can send it
to Policy and Services for implementation or for how we integrate this, those
kind of things. I think that's a much better approach.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, speak to your second.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to support the comments of the City Manager who
said that, one, for Staff efficiency and, two, for ability to come back to the
full Council quickly makes sense with this.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think I played my hand out before. I prefer it
going to Policy. I think there's another reason. I'd like some buy-in from
those of you who weren't involved in it. I think that would make a
difference. Also, it gives the public another chance to come and talk about
it. We've kind of shortened up the process tonight. We're not used to
shortening our process, believe me. I think overall this is actually a better
idea. I know that Marc had suggested we pass it and then send it to Policy.
I think that gets muddled. I'd just as soon as this point that we do what we
would normally do, send it to Policy and Services, have that group become—
you don't know what I said? It's all on record. I think this will make more
sense to the public. They'll have a chance to come and talk about it some
more. I also think that this is such an important aspect of what we do, this
Healthy Cities, this Healthy Communities, that it's really important that we
vet it as much as possible. I am supporting the motion.
                                                                          Page 74 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
