                          TRANSCRIPT
the neighboring one-story buildings on Kipling Street just as much as it does
on University Avenue. It turns this alleyway into a busy one-way street to
service the in-and-out garage which is located at the rear of this building.
There's insufficient use of landscaping to buffer the parking entrance from
adjacent buildings as required by Code.        This massive building again
shadows Kipling Street and the alleyway and blocks the skyline. This size is
not compatible with neighboring buildings. On the right-hand side you see
the one-story, red-tiled roof, existing beauty salon and directly across the
narrow alleyway is this four-story, flat, huge monolith right there. There is
no harmonious transition between these buildings at all. None. This
building towers over the alleyway and obscures daylight into the garden
entrance for YogaWorks. On the left-hand side is the existing structure with
this parking overhang. The YogaWorks entrance is right there; it's a Zen
garden. This is to scale of what this building will look like, four stories tall,
overpowering the garden. The peaceful entrance to YogaWorks is obscured
by this massive wall and garage traffic. Here's a photo of this little Zen
entranceway into the yoga studio. The increased traffic poses a safety
threat to the yoga students going to class. It discourages the use of the
alleyway as a pedestrian pathway as designated in our Comp Plan Policy T-
21. It prevents shops from opening onto the alleyway as designated in our
Downtown Design Guidelines, page 16. The increased alleyway traffic
discourages pedestrians and interferes with existing businesses. Here's one
of Palo Alto's most favorite businesses, Stapleton Florist, been there for
decades. They receive and sell flowers on this alleyway, especially at
holiday times. They make deliveries from here. The increased traffic
zipping down this narrow alleyway while there's also being deliveries will
interrupt this business tremendously. It violates the Comprehensive Plan
Policy T-21, B1 and B4. Code requires a landscape buffer. This photo
comes directly from the Code book. For properties with parking access from
the rear of the site such as the rear alley or driveway, landscaping shall
provide a visual buffer between vehicle circulation areas and abutting
properties. This does not occur at all. We need to avoid the Florence Street
problem. Here we had a large four-story, massive, flat, block building built
adjacent to this Victorian home which happens to be almost three stories
with the little tower here. There is no harmonious transition between these
two. It is ugly. It is actually disgusting. What happened here on Florence
Street is the back side of the Waverley Street garage, it has permanently
shaded this Florence Street. If you walk down it, there's no sun there.
Kipling Street is designated as a secondary business district right in the
Downtown Design Guidelines. It's specified. I've written down verbatim
everything with regard to Kipling Street. To summarize the most important
points, the Guidelines say that the district contains significant historic
architecture and development patterns. The Palo Alto Historic Resources
Board should be consulted when doing further development. This distinct
                                                                         Page 26 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
