                          TRANSCRIPT
marquee for the Varsity Theater back to a one story to a two story to a four
story and back to a one story. There's a very varied roofline on University
Avenue if you just look and pay attention. On our side of the street it starts
off as a one story but then it turns into 1 1/2 stories. Our building, the face
on the street is two stories next to the building next door, then it steps up to
three stories. You're not even going to be aware of the fourth floor when
you're walking on University Avenue. At Kipling Street it steps back down to
the Apple building, and then terminates at the AT&T building which is a
three-story, 50-foot building on the corner. On Kipling Street, a similar kind
of thing. Above, you have the Apple store on the corner, the former Apple
store that is, with its pilaster rhythm. Then it breaks away to the homes
that are on the rest of the street with gaps between the homes. There's
vertical accents on those homes, and there's a little bit different texture that
we've picked up in our building, but we're not being literal. We're not trying
to imitate; we're trying to take cues. It's a different grain of architecture
here on Kipling StreetStreet than it is on University Avenue. The view below
shows our building and then the rhythm is increased. We actually have a
stair tower element that is a vertical accent. It's going to have the public art
on it that in the Dudek report said that it actually picks up on some of the
vertical elements of what you might find across the street of the Victorian
and Queen Anne buildings. Again, it's not literal. It's about rhythm and
mass. This shows the transition. Our building starts at the corner at three
stories. It drops down to two stories, drops down to the alley and then back
up to a one-story building and then a two-story building at Zibibbo's. Very
common throughout the Downtown. There's nothing unusual about that
kind of transition. To activate sidewalks, we're obviously replacing the entire
frontage all the way around. We're creating recessed entries. We're
providing canopies. We're doing new trees along Kipling StreetStreet.
We're going to have 75 percent more retail frontage. On the far upper left-
hand corner of the slide, that's the office/residential entry which is all glass.
We've set back from the alley 4 feet for safety reasons, also to pull away a
little bit from the rest of Kipling Street. We created a planter there at that
level. That would be a nice transition to the alley. All of our bikes are
parked in that recess off the alley, so it is an activated space. On the third
floor, we have three apartments. They have generous terraces that are set
back 18 feet on University Avenue, 18 feet on Kipling Street, 12 feet when
you get to where our elevator is located. We're set back 11 feet from the
property line on the alley to the third floor of the building. That's going to
be eyes on the street. Those are inhabited terraces off of the living space.
These units all live to Kipling Street and University Avenue. On the fourth
floor, some more of the same. There's one unit up there and then this
lunchroom area where we have a 41-foot recess back from University
Avenue to the apartment. Then we have 28 feet recessed back at the office
area above. Then we're at 12 feet off of Kipling StreetStreet, and again 11
                                                                         Page 30 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
