                         TRANSCRIPT

car trips and parking Downtown. I think we need to just make it clear that
we're not going to be surprised that disruptions occur. Otherwise, there'll be
this accusation that "why didn't we anticipate that." We can't know exactly
what they're going to be. That's going to be one of the most valuable things
in how quickly we can respond to that. I did want to speak briefly about
how we are anticipating those disruptions around this daily parking rate. It
seems that $17 a day is high and $3 a day is too low. I'm apprehensive
about—even among those who have been under the correct mantra of the
problem of free parking and the problems created—we'd be creating very
low cost parking there. I'm not sure that we should go that far in that
direction. Some adjustment is appropriate. It's important to recall that one
of the primary tenets of the RPP program is that low-income workers
Downtown are going to have discounted availability of neighborhood passes.
Correct? Yeah. I think that got lost in people's minds, so that they're being
accommodated to a degree that way. Now, we'll see whether there's even
additional problems. You want to do another round or just try and wrap it
up?

Mayor Holman: I think everybody's complete. I think. Except for you, so if
you've got a little more.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I just have a couple more then. I did want to
concur that we are having this comprehensive TDM program of which the
Transportation Management Agency or TMA is an important part of it, but it's
not everything that we do. We are building a significant funding obligation
and an expanding one to address our traffic and parking problems. In my
mind, we will need to spend even more to solve these problems. I have a
real concern that we're doing that in a flush economic time and creating a
long-term General Fund obligation. I think we need to get on the agenda an
ongoing funding source dedicated toward our Citywide transportation
problems and solving them.         The one I want to bring forward for
consideration is a business license tax with all those funds plowed back into
mitigating the traffic and parking problems created by those businesses
predominantly. I think that that's something we need to begin the process
of a community-wide discussion. When you look at the economics of that,
we talked about the $300 a space. It is incredibly low what we might charge
per employee and maybe a premium for those businesses who are packing
in extra employees, so they'd have even greater impacts and would be
forced to mitigate it even more. It's a very low cost compared to the
benefits they're deriving from putting extra employees in. It's something
that we should dive into and have a serious discussion sooner rather than
later. Those are my main questions and comments.
                                                                       Page 22 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
