                          TRANSCRIPT
provide appropriation in the amount of $172,850. It's a very long title. Jim,
would you care to follow that up?

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor. Obviously as you
can see, it's a very simple subject. If I could lead in before the Staff does a
presentation. I think it's safe to say when I saw a preview late this
afternoon and what we were looking at doing, the Staff presentation is
primarily focused on responding and updating the Council on the various
aspects of the motion that you essentially kind of read there and that the
Council passed at your meeting on September 28th. That being said, this is
an evolving dialog and conversation. I know we've got some interest by
Council Members on where we are, different ways of looking at this. We
have a very intelligent and passionate and engaged Citizens Advisory
Committee.       The Council has received a letter, a memorandum, this
weekend from the CAC related to this issue. I don't think that we want to
look at the Staff presentation as encompassing all of the conversation that
will take place tonight. I've asked the Staff if we could move pretty quickly
through the presentation, understanding that we would expect that there will
probably be a lot of back-and-forth and interaction between the Council and
the Staff. I think you'll also want to benefit from hearing from the public
speakers who may be here also, before we get into lots and lots of the
details of this item. Did that undermine you, Jonathan?

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer: No, that's perfect. Thank
you so much, City Manager Jim Keene. I'm Jonathan Reichental, the City's
Chief Information Officer. Thank you, Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid, all
Council Members. It's always one of the greatest privileges of my life to do
this type of thing, so thank you for the opportunity. I also want to thank the
Citizens Advisory Committee who are out in force here this evening, in the
audience, for the terrific and continued passion and work they're doing. I
want to thank my colleagues from across Utilities and IT and actually from
almost every part of the City for the important contributions they're making
as we work through this complicated topic. Thank you. I'm here this
evening to bring forward three Staff recommendations to continue progress
on the motion from the end of September as well as to give you an update
on our progress since that time. I'll just sort of walk through this slide and
add any color I can to the work items. The motion items are under tasks,
and then Staff has made an intelligent estimation of the time in which things
will be completed. Those dates are up to that date, so there are areas we
anticipate things could happen faster, but we wanted to give the top end of
where things are. The first motion item, quick update. We had talked about
having the Community Advisory Committee have a discussion with our
consultants to determine if there was agreement on the costs that were put
forward for the cost of building and operating a fiber to the premise network
                                                                           Page 82 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
