                              MINUTES
Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City Attorney was suggesting
the parties provide their legal arguments prior to May 4 so that the Council
could modify the Motion if necessary.

Ms. Stump answered yes. The Council had a Motion and a second as well as
additional ideas on which it was receiving input from the parties. Those
additional ideas were not a part of the Motion at the current time.

Ms. Nanda stated the application for conversion was either approved or not
approved. She did not understand how the Mobile Home Residency Law, the
Government Code, or the Ordinance allowed some kind of "conditional
approval" at some later date. The closer in time that the appraisal was
performed to the park owner's actual purchase of the home in the closure
process should represent its highest value. Now, reappraisal of the homes
would occur and then this new process involving the Hearing Officer would
occur and it was not within six months of the purchase. The purchase could
not occur until the park owner issued the notice of termination of tenancy.

Council Member Burt explained that the appraiser would develop a revision
to the scope that the Council believed captured the intent of the Ordinance.
The Hearing Officer would approve that revision to the appraisal factor.
Then the park owner had the discretion to proceed with the actual appraisals
under the new revision to the scope.

Ms. Nanda clarified that three months later Mr. Beccaria, using the scope
approved by the Hearing Officer, would appraise a resident's home. That
appraised value would be the amount paid to the resident. That resident
could not return to the Hearing Officer and declare his home was worth more
money.

Council Member Burt believed Section (c) needed clarification. The City
Attorney wished to hear Ms. Nanda's reasoning for that part not being
allowed under State law.

Ms. Stump advised that the Council was asking the parties to respond to a
fairly complex issue. Perhaps the parties did not fully understand the
Council's intentions. The Council could clarify their intentions for the parties.
The Motion provided one trip to the Hearing Officer within a narrow time
period. Now, Council Member Burt was contemplating two trips to the
Hearing Officer.

Council Member Burt noted Ms. Nanda had an objection to Section (c) of the
Motion.


                                                                          Page 33 of 41
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 04/14/15
