                          TRANSCRIPT
permit process provided sufficient latitude for evaluation of future formula
retail and hair and nail salons.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm still not ready to make a motion. Just based
on the questions bouncing around the room right now—I'll leave it to others
to make the first call on this—I'm debating do we pass what was proposed
by Staff; do we ask Staff to remove some of the items that are in the Staff
proposal that might still be too controversial, that we don't feel ready to vote
on; do we try and add to it tonight which I think is very dangerous; or do we
ask for this to be continued until another night. Given our schedules, I'm
not enthusiastic about either. I'll let my colleagues pick that one up
however they want.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I was just musing. This doesn't really feel cooked
yet. I'm concerned. I'm often on California Avenue, as many of you are.
Greg, certainly you are; that's where your office is. At noontime, it is
hellacious to park there. Many of you who have tried over there circle and
circle and circle. I can't tell you how many times someone has said, "I'm
going to be late for lunch. I cannot find a parking place on California
Avenue." I'm concerned that if we now designate retail on Cambridge and
yet we haven't established the parking issue sufficiently—it's one that we've
discussed a lot. I've heard Council Member Scharff mention this any number
of times, that another parking garage was promised for California Avenue,
which obviously hasn't occurred yet. We are indicating that retail has to go
in there, and yet we are really not providing for the parking. Picking up on
what you said, Cory, I know we have a terrible schedule, but it sounds as
though there are some parts of this that really haven't been threshed out
sufficiently that we can say from now on we will require X amount of retail
on Cambridge. I'm feeling pretty uncomfortable with it.

Mayor Holman: I think for us to move forward here—there have been a lot
of comments made, a lot of very good comments here. They've come from
a variety of different directions. I think we have promised the community
and the California Avenue merchants and businesses along there, we've
promised them that we would take action. Both because of that and
because of find a place on a future agenda, because of that I'm wanting us
to move forward. Because of that—I'll anticipate some amendments of
course—I'm going to move that the Council adopt the California Avenue
retail preservation Ordinance to amend the City's Zoning Code and Zoning
Map to extend the retail R Combining District beyond California Avenue,
establish regulations and review procedures for formula retail uses and
certainly personal service uses, i.e., hair and nail salons, in the R Combining

                                                                         Page 62 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
