                             MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach asked if improving bike and pedestrian safety on
the San Antonio overpass was considered as a viable and less expensive
alternative.

Mr. Eggleston understood that was not considered in the Feasibility Study.

Mr. Keene did not recall any discussion over the past four or five years in
that regard.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether public comment would be allowed at
a subsequent meeting, should the Council direct Staff to return with
additional information.

Ms. Stump answered yes.

Council Member Kniss expressed concern that Mayor Holman could not be
present when she was responsible for the competition. She requested Staff
comment on whether this item could be continued to allow Mayor Holman to
participate.

Mr. Keene was not able to contemplate a subsequent meeting without taking
public comment and Staff providing additional information.

Council Member Kniss asked if Submission A, HNTB provided divided lanes
for cyclists and pedestrians.

Mr. Eggleston replied yes.

Council Member Kniss heard the design team state both designs were safe,
yet she was not convinced of that. She preferred a barrier between the
lanes.

Mr. Eggleston indicated the barrier was discussed during the competition,
and Boards and Commissions supported the vertical separation.

Council Member Kniss did not wish to delay the project further but said she
was concerned about safety.       She thought either design would be
spectacular.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member XX
to direct Staff to proceed with contract negotiations with HNTB Corporation,
the party voted the winner by the design competition jury of the Adobe
Creek Pedestrian & Cyclist Bridge 2014 Design Competition.         Contract
negotiations will develop a scope of work and cost of the basic design
services necessary to complete joint California Environmental Quality


03/16/2015                                                            117- 109
