                             MINUTES
offices and save capacity for housing. A moratorium on office space would
focus developers on housing.

Lydia Kou believed the Council should consider a moratorium of all
nonresidential development. She urged the Council to enact a temporary
moratorium to address negative impacts on parking, traffic, infrastructure,
City services, and residential quality of life.

Mayor Holman reiterated that the Council was not making precise decisions.
The Council was directing Staff to review considerations and determine
potential conflicts of interests. She recommended each Council Member take
5 minutes to ask questions or make comments in the first round of
discussion. During a second round, the Council could entertain Motions, first
regarding short-term suggestions.

Vice Mayor Schmid believed the goal was for all parties to discuss the
benefits and problems of growth and reducing growth.             The current
Comprehensive Plan was flawed. The number of jobs to employed residents
was 3:1. All forecasts he had reviewed indicated office space would grow
faster than the number of residents. 517,000 sq. ft. of office space had
been added in the prior 15 years while retail space declined by 37,000 sq. ft.
Nonresidents paid only 25 percent of property tax receipts. The business
community should tell the Council the benefits of not implementing a cap on
growth.

Council Member Burt agreed that a cap would not solve all issues, but a cap
could be successful as part of a series of measures. A cap would address
the impacts of new development. If the Council did not act to moderate the
rate of office growth and to improve the quality of developments, then the
City would soon have a moratorium. If the Council did not implement a cap
on an interim basis, then it would create a land rush. A cap should strike a
balance between residential and office growth and favor residential over
office. The Council should implement an interim cap at a moderate level,
perhaps for Downtown, California Avenue, and El Camino Real. Between
now and adoption of a Comprehensive Plan, the Stanford Research Park
should have a comprehensive Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
Program along with constraints on conversion of R&D space to office. When
the Council proposed Motions for consideration, he would propose a
moderate cap for those areas and a competition for quality projects,
meaning projects of the highest quality and offering the fewest impacts
would be built under the cap.

Council Member Kniss was not in favor of a moratorium, because it was not
productive. A Downtown cap and a Citywide cap were already in place. The


03/23/2015                                                             117- 134
