                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me ask a couple of questions. If you can go to
Slide 14. No, the previous one. It's on page 14 of your slides. Proposed
RPP boundary. Just to be clear, the yellow dotted portions are those you're
asking us to approve because you have petitions signed per the Ordinance
that they want to have the Program. The blue portion, you're asking us to
explore whether any streets in that area would be ready to propose a
petition. Is that right?

Mr. Mello: Our current recommendation is to annex—when we come back to
you with the Ordinance and the Resolution, it would annex the streets that
are shown in yellow into the Program. Those residents would be required to
purchase permits, and their streets would be part of the enforcement. The
blue area is what we're calling eligibility areas, and you would be authorizing
Staff to administratively annex those areas into the Program if the residents
submit a petition.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If you'd go to the previous slide. What's striking
about—the previous one. The one with the—that's right. If you compare
that, there's some boundaries here within a quarter mile, which you do not
have in blue, and yet you do have in blue an extensive area half a mile.
What's your thoughts on why those rings aren't the eligible boundaries?

Mr. Mello: A lot of it was more of an art. We consulted with the stakeholder
group. We looked at where we were receiving complaints about spillover.
Sue-Ellen can detail the meetings that we went. We actually presented a
bunch of different options to the stakeholders. It was pretty much an
ongoing negotiation of where we thought we'd see spillover. It was not an
exact line drawn in the ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: One of the things the Council might think about is do
we want to just say anyone within a half mile might be eligible. On your
page 18, which is the employee permit availability data—that one—you
imply that there are about 3,500 off-street supply in the Downtown. Is that
right? The garages and the City parking lots make up about 2,800. Is that
about right?

Ms. Atkinson: That number is a combination of the off-street public parking
and the City lots and garages and the estimated number of off-street private
parking spaces.     That's based on the TMA commuter survey and the
percentage of drivers that reported parking in a private lot.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I noticed that when Downtown businesses come to us
for expansion and they talk about parking, they always say, "We're building
so much parking, but we have X number of places through the Assessment
District." The Staff and the Council says, "Okay. You already have those."
                                                                       Page 57 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
