                          TRANSCRIPT

Yet, it doesn't really address the real system transportation needs that we
have. I think Council Member Berman's comments were right on. I still
think that we're forced to stay in the game right now and submit projects,
even if we can complain about the process and being sort of—no pun
intended—railroaded, so to speak. We do have to then turn our attention to
how we do sharpen what our strategy is and what our message is and what
our options are.       I was hearing the Council comments tonight about
prioritization a little bit more like in the vein of a Study Session, where
you're publicly getting out concerns and we're not necessarily having to
drive to the specific priorities tonight. As Vice Mayor Schmid was saying,
you're going to have another discussion on transportation goals that ought
to link with this. Very quickly we need to focus these things. Since I'm
speaking, I think the return to source point is a good default sort of position.
The alternative to that, if that doesn't work, is how we explore our own
potential options.      There's nothing that precludes the City itself from
pursuing its own half cent sales tax. You made enough case that we
certainly haven't gotten a return on what our folks have put into it.
Certainly to be sort of begging for how our funding would be spent to the
benefit of our community isn't a position that we want to be in. I've already
asked the Staff to look at just some of the logistics on those issues and
everything, just so that you have the full array of options ultimately
available to us. I mean I think we want to pursue, as your letter did, and a
plan and a systems solution, but we're kind of racing against the clock here
too really. I mean November 2016 is just around the corner, given what the
schedule is.

Mayor Holman: I've got just a couple of things to add to that quickly. The
reason I mentioned other communications from the other cities in the West
and North County is because they're having pretty much the same feelings
as we are for the most part. They also didn't get the money that went to
BART. I think we have some good, strong partners there. How much
common ground can we identify, in terms of projects specifically, we don't
know yet. We're also talking to Menlo Park, East Palo Alto and maybe
Redwood City about are they more our affinity group, and roll Mountain View
into that. Maybe that's more of an affinity group, because of Dumbarton
Rail and the north/south connection along that spur as well as Caltrain. We
have all kinds of options in front us, and I think only a little bit of time is
going to tell where we end up with this. We do our due diligence, and in the
meantime keep our minds open to any number of options.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Maybe if I could finish my comments. Let me suggest
then a motion that we accept the list we have in front of us as a list that we
                                                                         Page 91 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
