                            MINUTES
feet of office space cost the City approximately $2,500 more per year in
services than it paid in taxes.       The City should enact a retail-only
requirement for existing retail spaces and should encourage broadband
service that allowed workers to telecommute.

Herb Borock advised that the Council had set a limit on office space in
Downtown in the 1980s, but it was based on conditions existing at that time.
Conditions had changed; therefore, there were reasons to change the limit.
Some areas of town were impinging on neighborhoods and required action.
The Council should review areas separately to determine limits specific to
each area.

Rita Vrhel supported an annual limit for office and R&D space. Residents
opposed development because projects received exemptions for height,
setbacks, parking, and zoning. Perhaps a two-year moratorium on office
and R&D projects would provide the consistency Research Park requested.

William Monroe did not believe a flat cap on development was the best
solution. Office development should be used as a bargaining chip for
housing and transportation changes.

Cheryl Lilienstein commented that Caltrain was causing traffic congestion
and was a longstanding problem. Traffic problems would continue because
the population continued to grow while commensurate transit improvements
did not occur and because Caltrain bisected the City. The City should halt
office space development and ask developers interested in office space to
apply pressure to Caltrain to trench the tracks.

Dan Garber indicated the City should focus on cars and their traffic and
parking impacts rather than a cap on or limited growth of office and R&D
development. He did not support those strategies as solutions to a problem
that had no definition. The impact of development on traffic was miniscule
compared to the impact of the forecast population growth in the Bay Area.
Setting limits on growth would drive small businesses from the City.

Neilson Buchanan felt the discussion of a cap on growth had been successful
in that it had elicited input from business people. The Council should focus
on caps for specific land uses. A visionary and in-depth TDM Program was
needed.

Peter Stone, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, supported a full debate and
assessment of proposals. Any interim measures would impact all businesses
throughout Palo Alto. He urged the Council to proceed deliberately with
regard to interim measures.


02/09/2015                                                           116- 470
