                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: How about if we just said mixed uses? Would you
be all right with that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Okay.

Council Member Scharff: Just take out the word zoning (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to add to Goal T-1, ‘a mix
of uses’ after ‘public transportation.’”

Mayor Holman: A mix of uses I think is the term that Director—Vice Mayor
Schmid, is that all?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: I was just sort of feeling some of the same
discomfort that Council Member Scharff and DuBois are on this. It seems to
me if we're going to talk about zoning, it ought to be in land use and ought
not be in transportation. Transportation should be about transportation.

Mayor Holman: But it has been accepted by the maker and the seconder.
Director will work with the wording there. I can see Council Member
Wolbach going for his light.

Council Member Wolbach: Just so we don't have too much of a contentious
vote here, is there any problem with highlighting this nexus between
transportation and land use in multiple elements of the Comprehensive Plan?

Ms. Gitelman:   It's already highlighted to a great extent in the Land Use
Element.

Mayor Holman: I think with that, seeing no other lights, we'll vote on
transportation goals. Forgive me, I'm not going to read through all of this
because it's all so iterative and it wouldn't make too much sense to read
through it. Vote on the board please. Those edits pass on an 8-0 vote with
Council Member Kniss absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: With that, it is 12:06.        We move to Council Member
Questions, Comments and Announcements.
                                                                    Page 123 of 127
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/31/15
