                          TRANSCRIPT

come back and discuss other strategies and other things, that continues as
well separately. The way I'm looking at this is what are the priorities we're
submitting by August 30th. Listening to Council Member Burt, that makes
sense. Let's submit these four priorities, but then let's also continue to work
on other strategies. We're not locked into this. This is a year away, or
more. I hope Council Members will consider that.

Council Member Burt: Let me, second, respond to Council Member Filseth
on this argument that it shouldn't be a County issue to put bike lanes on
Cowper or whatever. That's not what this is about. This is not principally or
even to any significant degree about the improved bike lanes on some of our
residential streets. The programs, when we look at the list, are essentially
about creating what I might call bike arterials. They're major bike routes
that would move high volumes of bicyclists to and from the City and from
one section of the City to another. To characterize it as painting bike lanes
on Cowper, I think, is not accurate in terms of what these programs are
about. I also want to make a comment that we need to lay out there for the
community that trenching will in all likelihood require a significant local
contribution to make up the difference between grade separations and
trenching. Maybe not all of it, but we need to be forthright with the
community, and that's going to be a big community discussion. We don't
have to tackle it tonight, but I think we want to make sure that its
transparent that that's what we're anticipating. I'd just like to add also that
I would advocate that we include—I'm trying to think of where we would put
it—this additional concept that we want adopted which is that the measures
and the criteria should look at not merely proportionate to populations within
the county, but to supporting the transportation of workers in the county
and where they work. I think that that should be part of what we're
advocating as not just our priorities, but how the County sets their priorities.
I would add maybe as a summation statement that the VTA prioritization
process should reflect a proportionate support for the employees and their
transportation needs to their employment locations.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, might I make a comment? First of all, I was kind
of hoping you guys weren't going to do what you're doing right now, which is
trying to get an amendment with the priorities when it's not necessary
exactly at this moment. What Pat is bringing up really bleeds into this other
requirement that we have which is this adopt principles to guide our
advocacy for projects and programs. It seems that framing these in some of
these that are about mobility and direction and all of those things are really
crucial. They're really an impactful way of nesting our priorities within
something like that that we shouldn't be doing just tonight in final. Maybe
                                                                         Page 98 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
