                          TRANSCRIPT
had my preference, the plating shop would not be moved 300 feet on the
site; it would be moved offsite. It's clear by the rules and even these new
rules that CPI would have the ability to just move it 300 feet onsite until
2052. That's why I think it's important to have this longer discussion
between the community members and CPI and the City to see if we can
come up with a compromise and a solution, kind of a win-win for everybody,
where the plating shop is relocated offsite.       The community gets the
certainty it needs, and we kind of alleviate that just psychological fear that
currently exists in that neighborhood. CPI gets the certainty that it needs to
operate as a business. During the interim—there's going to be an interim
period. I won't guess as to how long that's going to be. I think it's
important for there to be increased communication between CPI and the
community. We've heard some concerns tonight and possibilities of how to
improve that communication. I'm sure Staff has been doing a good job of
compiling those concerns from the community and will talk with CPI to see
what's feasible and what isn't so that we can increase communication so
that, for whatever period of time exists, both CPI and the residents have
open lines of communication and everybody feels better with the situation. I
was reading one of the emails that we got from a resident that gave a great
historical kind of narrative of the history of CPI and the history of Barron
Park and the history of Chimalus an everything. The email alludes to the
fact that Mr. Varian back in the '40s, '50s, '60s and '70s had a good
relationship with the residents. I think maybe that kind of alleviated some
of the concerns that might have otherwise existed. I hope we get back to
that, because that was a kind of relationship that everybody felt good about.
Obviously the people who work at CPI feel very passionately about it. I was
very impressed by the duration of employment of some of the folks that
came up and spoke today. You just don't hear that often these days of folks
working at a company for 30, 35, 37 years. I think everyone wants to do
the right thing. Hopefully at the end of this process when we get everybody
to the table, we can come up with a solution that everybody feels good
about.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm going to be supporting this Motion. I
think it strikes the right notes and the right balance. My thinking about this
is that in policy discussions—a couple of big points.          First, in policy
discussions, a particular case can elevate an issue in the eyes of the public
and in the eyes of the City. It's important that we don't remain solely fixed
just on a particular case when we realize that the issue is actually broader. I
think it's important to acknowledge that that's what we've done here. This
isn't just about CPI. The amortization part obviously is. As far as protecting
residents in Palo Alto, this is a broader issue. Barron Park residents
                                                                            Page 82 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
