                               MINUTES
communication to making recommendations to a Comprehensive Plan
Committee.

1D). Discussion and Potential Action on Staff Relations

Mayor Holman noted several suggestions and submissions were made at the
Retreat and requested other suggestions.

Council Member DuBois inquired about an update to the prioritization
exercise.

Mr. Keene provided a matrix of work plan projects that tracked with Council
Priorities. Staff identified projects by Council Priority and added the level of
effort and urgency for projects. Staff did not include some high-level
projects and issues facing the Council. Council Members could add projects
at the Council level of importance particularly relating to policy issues or
public interest. Many projects were rated as high urgency, because they
were connected to Council Priorities. He requested Council Members provide
feedback within two weeks. Staff would incorporate Council feedback into
the matrix.

Council Member DuBois understood the purpose of the matrix was to survey
Council Members.

Mr. Keene was asking Council Members to rate the urgency of projects.

Council Member DuBois asked if the City Manager was attempting to identify
the average from the Council or the Council's agreement with Staff's
urgencies.

Mayor Holman stated individual responses would be good; however, Council
Members needed to come together and determine if they agreed.

Mr. Keene reported the ultimate purpose was to learn Council Members'
individual view of projects. Council Members could array projects in each
Priority, and Staff could report that to the Council.

Council Member DuBois suggested Council Members rank order each Priority
or distribute 100 points among Priorities.

Council Member Kniss suggested Council Members provide a certain number
of top strategies.

Mr. Keene noted the Council had provided Staff with directions for every
project on the list. He was asking the Council to rank order projects in order
to provide information to Staff.


02/17/2015                                                              116- 491
