                          TRANSCRIPT
objects. Think about traffic signals that talk to cars and vice versa to make
for smoother, more efficient traffic patterns; a trash can that alerts you via
your smartphone that it's been emptied. These things are happening now.
The internet of things will change the nature of how we live and how our
cities operate. The internet of things which will form the backbone of smart
cities and even Palo Alto's in-development vision for a smart city will require
a wireless infrastructure and some form of a wired backbone.              That
concludes my comments. I hope these comments help to add additional
context and a flavor of the future to our work together. Thank you very
much. I'm now going to pass you over to the CEO of CTC, our partner who
worked on these reports, Joanne Hovis.

Joanne Hovis, CTC Technology and Energy: Thank you, Jonathan. Mayor
Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid, Council Members, it's always a pleasure to be
in Palo Alto. Thank you for having us here. I have a 20-minute or so
presentation to summarize the analysis that we did and some of our
recommendations, both with respect to fiber to the premises and with
respect to wireless. I very much look forward to your comments and
questions. I may proceed? Thank you. Let me start quickly with the
agenda for how we're going to proceed. Looking first at the fiber to the
premises analysis that we did, kind of summarizing in brief the analysis and
the recommendations, and then looking also at the wireless options that we
considered and our recommendations in that regard. I should start, by the
way, by saying that we do not consider these things in any way to be
substitutes for each other. We address them in their unique role in the
broadband ecosystem. We'll walk you through our analysis of where we
believe there is a viable and practical role for the City in regard to both of
these technologies. If I may also start by saying I think this is the first time
I've appeared in front of you; although, the company has done work for the
City of Palo Alto in the past. By way of very quick background, we are a
consultancy with a national footprint. We do a little bit of international work.
We are a boutique public sector broadband consultancy located in the
Washington, DC, area. We're 30 years old, and we have always worked in
public sector broadband in assisting cities to deploy networks, but also to
negotiate with private providers to maximize the public interest. We are
strong proponents of fiber to the home as one of the things that is essential
to any city or any community in the United States in the 21st century.
We're also strong proponents of municipal fiber to the home and the right of
any city to make its own decision about whether to undertake a municipal
effort or not. I think this is important, that we note this right up front. I will
add that I am personally the cofounder and CEO of the Coalition for Local
Internet Choice, which advocates in Washington, and has assembled a large
public-private partnership advocating to make sure that municipal

                                                                          Page 12 of 130
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/28/15
