                          TRANSCRIPT
Alto was that in order to make a fiber to the home enterprise cash flow on a
standalone basis without other sources of funding, what would be required
was approximately a 72 percent take rate, meaning 72 percent of the
potential market for data services would have to buy services from the City
of Palo Alto rather than from the alternative providers. In our experience,
that is an extremely high, almost unattainable number in a market where
there is already one or more broadband providers. In a market where there
were no broadband providers, some municipal builders were able to get to
those kinds of take rates in early years because they were the first entrant
into the market. They were essentially the incumbent. That's not an option
that's present here. The required take rate comes down to about 57 percent
when we take into account the lower costs for construction. I'm sorry. The
same costs for construction but the fact that there is $20 million in the Fiber
Fund that could be applied for construction, thus reducing the amount of
financing necessary, reducing by $20 million, and obviously significantly
reducing the revenues necessary to make the network cash flow. Frankly,
these take rate numbers are so challenging given what we've seen
happening in the market around the country, but particularly in very robust
markets where we would anticipate that the phone and cable company will
aggressively compete with you. They will not concede this market to a
municipal provider or for that matter to a commercial competitor who might
come in. We have looked in addition at some strategies around public-
private partnerships that could allow the City to reduce some of its risks and
potentially still achieve the same kinds of policy goals around building next
generation infrastructure that secures your economic place for the next 30
years or so, the life of that infrastructure. One of the strategies we looked
at is what we believe is a very strong emerging public-private partnership
model in which the City would focus on the fiber infrastructure as its core
expertise and work potentially with a private provider who would take
operating risks providing services over that network, providing customer
service and other kinds of services and essentially share the risk and share
the upfront costs with the City. One of the strong advantages that the City
holds in that regard is a long-term view and potentially a willingness to
recover its funds over a considerable period of time which is not something
that we see very much among commercial internet service providers where
the requirement is to achieve profitability on any investment within a short
period of time, in some cases just a couple of years. That's a huge benefit
that the City potentially brings to a partnership. Providers bring other kinds
of benefits that the City is unable to offer including some of the enormous
cost benefits that come from scale. I am going to now hand the microphone
over to my colleague, Tom Asp, to talk a little bit more about some of the
financial matters. Then I'll come back and talk about our recommendations.


                                                                        Page 15 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
