                            MINUTES
Mayor Holman agreed. The Council would take up Agenda Item Number 14.

Council Member Berman suggested taking up Agenda Item Number 13 first
would align with the timing of the Agenda.

Mayor Holman had not understood that members of the public were present
to speak to Agenda Item Number 13.

13.   Colleagues Memo from Council Members Berman, Burt, DuBois, and
      Wolbach Regarding a City-Wide Minimum Wage Ordinance.

Council Member Burt reported several cities in the subregion had enacted
minimum wage Ordinances based on the subregion's significantly higher cost
of living than the state as a whole. Income from the present minimum wage
was significantly substandard for the amount required for survival in the
region.     The proposal was to refer action to the Policy and Services
Committee for vetting.

Council Member Berman added that the goal of the Colleague's
Memorandum was to refer the topic to the Policy and Service Committee for
a robust discussion. A minimum wage employee working 2,000 hours a year
earned $18,000 a year. A recent local study showed that the average self-
sufficiency standard in Santa Clara County in 2014 for two adults with one
preschool and one school-aged child was almost $82,000 a year. The wage
disparity in Silicon Valley had risen dramatically. The City should have a
serious discussion about increasing the minimum wage in an attempt to
alleviate some of that disparity.

Chris Lundin, Multi Faith Voices for Peace and Justice and Saint Thomas
Aquinas Catholic Parish, supported adoption of an Ordinance to raise the
minimum wage. The current minimum wage was not sufficient.

Paul George, Peninsula Peace and Justice Center Director, hoped the Council
would approve a thoughtful discussion of increasing the minimum wage. He
read a letter signed by 200 Palo Alto Residents and endorsed by 13
organizations comprising the Raise the Wage Coalition.

Ryan Larkin, First Presbyterian Church of Palo Alto, asked the Council to
approve an Ordinance that would bring the City's minimum wage closer to a
number that would allow Palo Alto workers to live in Palo Alto. The
California minimum wage, though higher than the Federal minimum wage,
was not adequate.




02/09/2015                                                          116- 475
