                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just for clarification. I thought generally if it was
up to half an hour, we went with three minutes. If it was longer than that ...

Mayor Holman: There's not an absolute rule to that. Council Members seem
to be nonplussed about either one, so we'll go with three. Hopefully
members of the public can hold it to three at least, or under. I will turn the
meeting over to Vice Mayor Schmid for the brief time.

Walt Hays: Good evening. I'm here asking you to reject the Finance
Committee's recommendation to reduce the price from 16.5 percent to 10
percent. First of all, some context that's already been given by the Staff
Report. The City Council did adopt a goal of 4 percent of our electricity from
local solar. Residential solar is good, but it's never going to make it. You
need commercial. The Palo Alto CLEAN and the 16.5 cent price are key to
achieving the 4 percent. Given that context, what would be the impact of
adopting the Finance Committee's recommendation? Number one, it's a
total betrayal of the people who have spent money in good faith reliance on
the current price. Secondly, it would destroy any confidence in the City.
Thirdly, you'd have no applicants. No one would dare apply again having no
idea what the City Council is going to do next. You're probably very unlikely
to ever achieve the 4 percent that you want. Basically, don't kid yourselves.
A motion to adopt the Finance Committee's recommendation is a motion to
kill the Palo Alto CLEAN Program. It probably will kill the Community Solar
Program that hasn't even come to you yet, and probably will abandon the 4
percent goal. I don't think that's something you want to do. If you do
reject the recommendation, there's some good things that would happen.
The two projects that will be finished and probably more at the price, you'll
resolve a lot of startup problems. Craig Lewis mentioned problems with
leases and so forth. There's a learning process that will be done. There'll be
more applicants. Once we get through the 3 megawatts, more people will
apply even at a lower price. What is the negative impact of rejecting the
recommendation? It's $300,000, which is trivial. You're going to get
$150,000 in lease payments. The result is a cost of one-eighth of 1 percent
of the total utility cost. The amount gained by rejecting this is far above the
amount of any kind of negative impacts. I urge you very strongly to reject
that part of the Finance Committee's recommendation.

Sven Thiesen: Hi. My name's Sven Thiesen. I'm a Palo Alto resident, dad,
clean tech investor. First personally, because this program sounded so good
at the beginning, I took a $400,000 second line of credit out on my house
hoping to invest here in Palo Alto. I haven't yet been able to personally find
a project that the economics panned out at the 16.5 cents. Obviously
myself, I am for keeping the 16.5 cents right now. Second of all, now
moving to the Unitarian Universalist Church, where I'm co-chair of the green
                                                                         Page 22 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
