                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt:      I'll second that.   I want to make sure I'm
understanding it. We're going to vote for six. This is just a clarification of
Cory's. Why don't we just try and fold it in.

Council Member Wolbach: You know what? I'll accept it.

Council Member Burt: There we go.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll just accept it as a friendly amendment. The
more I think about it, I think he's right. That way it's clear to Staff which
one you come back with. I'll accept it as a friendly amendment and hope
that the Vice Mayor will as well. We can keep it easy.

Mayor Holman: We're going to have a hard time getting through this.

Council Member Filseth:   Sorry. How many boxes do we check under the
motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Five.

Mayor Holman: Five.

Council Member Berman: Seven.

Mayor Holman: Five. Then we would return for a single vote.

Council Member Wolbach: We need to get the Vice Mayor to (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: That's acceptable—the original maker was—Vice Mayor
Schmid, is that acceptable to you as the seconder of the original motion?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me ask a question. Could we vote for six on the
first ballot in order to elect five?

Mayor Holman: No, this is to say that we're going to vote for five. We're
going to vote for five, and then we'll come back and vote for a sixth if we
want to do that. This is the cleanest approach, it seems that we have
decided.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The problem is we're reducing the number of votes that
we have on the first round which might eliminate ...

Mayor Holman: If you don't accept it, then we need a new seconder or float
this as a separate motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would prefer to have six votes on the first round.

                                                                       Page 67 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
