                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to defer taking up the Fry’s Master Plan until adoption of the
California Avenue Area Concept Plan.

Council Member Filseth: The City Manager laid out the case articulately,
why we ought to do that. We're putting the cart before the horse unless we
do it this way. What the City Manager described is the logical progression.
A year ago, we found ourselves in a sticky situation. There was a possibility
that Fry's would move out immediately, and we'd have this piece of land
sitting there with no plan on what to do with it. We were in scramble mode.
At this point with the Fry's lease extended through 2020, we're not in that
situation anymore and we have time to figure out how to do it right. The
VTA grant is not an insignificant amount of money. This is a big deal. This
is a 15-acre piece of land and the whole area is a 115-acre piece of land. I
don't think it should be driven by the short-term grant. The 15 acres in that
area has to be worth at least $100 million. We shouldn't have a $200,000
tail wagging a $100 million dog. There's lots of open questions. The
property owner isn't enthusiastic that we take it up right now. It's not just
the money. We're going to do a significant amount of public work and
outreach. You wouldn't want to do that and then go a different direction.
The draft Cal. Ave. plan still has questions and multiple alternatives on
things that we have to choose between. What we ought to do is focus on
the Cal Ave. area plan and get that done, and then revisit this project.
Hopefully we can get some funding for it. Maybe we can work with the
applicant or maybe there's other ways. Worst case, at least we will have
done it right.

Council Member Berman: Council Member Filseth's right. I wanted to say it
before he left, but I'll say it anyway. It's not often that I agree with
everything Herb Borock says. This is an opportunity. We've added a lot
onto our plate this year. We've added a lot on Staff's plate this year. This is
an opportunity not only to remove something from the plate, but also to
remove something that logically belongs later on in the timeline. It would be
complicated to do both of these processes at the same time. It would be a
heavier burden on Staff. It would also be getting a lot of community
members involved. It makes more sense to focus on the Cal. Ave. concept
plan and finishing the Comprehensive Plan Update. That leaves us time to
move forward on the Fry's site before the lease runs out. That's the most
logical process and timeline for these different projects.

Council Member Kniss:       I would agree.   This is probably, from this
standpoint, the cart before the horse. What really sealed it was Mr. Steele

                                                                         Page 75 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
