                          TRANSCRIPT
It said we need to stop trenching. I'd like to challenge you guys to really get
creative. If we were to go for a larger thing, could we break through some
of those constraints? Lowering the boarding stations to below grade could
create some new opportunities, both above and below grade. I think
working with Menlo Park could be a positive. It's not necessarily a negative.
I don't think we want this thing to be a rollercoaster, kind of going up and
down. The freight train is an issue we haven't really talked about but we
need to resolve. If there are creative solutions there, it might resolve the
closed/open trench discussion too. I think that's an area where technology
might be changing. In terms of funding, like I said, I think the answer is all
of the above. I think we really need to pitch this as something that would be
suitable for Federal funding, for State funding, for regional funding.
Employers need to get involved. As mentioned, value capture. Again, I
think we need to look at is there a way we could capture additional revenue
opportunities, like the way San Jose is doing with their BART stations.
Again, is there even a way that High Speed Rail would produce (inaudible).
I think if we did have a trench, a lot of those objections might disappear. I
think the big thing is really looking at a financing plan that could potentially
include multiple cities, multiple counties and can we build that kind of
coalition. I think Council Member Scharff was saying we need to have a
plan. I think it's a plan for financing before we even get to the engineering.
In terms of definition and scope, I wonder if some of the things that the
previous consultant report didn't investigate, I've heard second hand, is it
possible to actually build a trench leaving the tracks in place. Some people
suggest that it is. Another idea was also could you potentially move the
tracks so they're partially under Alma in kind of a long-term configuration. I
have one quick question, and I'll stop. Was this the kind of thing where we'd
consider kind of a design/build RFP all at once or is there a reason we would
kind of split it apart?

Mr. Shikada: I suspect it's premature. We haven't really got into it at this
point, but would certainly be something that could be considered as we go
further down the process.

Mr. Keene: This would be our advocacy for a particular position, obviously.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. A question for City Attorney. High Speed Rail is
wanting to go forward with the EIR and move ahead with this, but there are
an awful lot of lawsuits pending. I guess, how can an entity even propose to
move ahead with other EIRs with so many lawsuits pending? There's the
potentiality of just having a patchwork system, which has been talked about
before, a patchwork system. Here we are again in another, it seems to me,
patchwork scenario.


                                                                          Page 25 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
