                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think we're asking whether the list of uses included in
Section 18.85.101(b) should be added to. We're thinking that you could in
fact do that this evening and adopt the Ordinance as amended.

Council Member Scharff: You could, okay. You guys could get it out? That
would work, that's what you're saying? I guess I’m thinking about the
redrafting issue. Where I'm going with this is there's two approaches we
could take. We could pass this tonight exactly the way it is and then give
direction to come back to us in 45 days to add additional stuff, and that gets
the Ordinance passed. That's clean to me. The other question is if some
people want to add automotive services, for instance, would that entail
passing the Ordinance tonight and saying automotive services, would you
have to come back to us and put it on consent as something? That's really
my question from the timing. Clearly things like the Mango Café and the
florist to office, if we pass it tonight, we then cut this off. Whereas
otherwise, we haven't.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: That change that you described could be made
tonight. There might be other ideas that you may have that are beyond the
ability of this item from a Brown Act notice standpoint. Those might require
us to come back. That change is encompassed within the item and could be
made tonight.

Council Member Scharff: As we go through this tonight, if there are changes
that you can get eight Council Members to agree on, I would actually
appreciate any proposed changes that you tell us, because it's very
important to me that we pass this tonight, whether or not we'd have to
come back with another. I'd like to know that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a broad question on geography. We are treating
every retail space in town under this Ordinance, wherever it is, inside a
commercial district or isolated by itself. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We are excluding from this protection anything that
doesn't qualify as a retail or personal service, so auto shops are not
protected.

Ms. Gitelman: We're including in this Ordinance those things that are
specifically listed in Section 18.85.101. That's that whole definition of retail
service and the retail-like uses that are listed there.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You use the term "retail-like" which is very important
for judging does this qualify or not.  Retail in economics has three
                                                                          Page 27 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
