                          TRANSCRIPT
emergency response agencies in both the cities and both counties, and
finally communicating with the public about what we're doing and what they
can do to protect themselves. I'm going to just go through sort of by
categories as to the many activities that are underway for us to prepare for
the winter season. In the area of storm drain maintenance and tree
maintenance. As is typical each year, we're hydro-flushing and cleaning our
storm drain pipes. We have a practice of cleaning every, individual storm
drain inlet prior to the rainy season. We're testing our storm water pumps
and cleaning the wet wells that collect the water that's pumped into the
creeks. We have some areas where we have storm drain outfalls in an area
where the land flows downward and away from the creek, so that when the
creek gets very full, we can actually have backflow from the creek via the
storm drains into these low-lying areas. We've installed several new flap
gates in order to prevent that from occurring. We've also improved the
understandability of the creek stage marker at the Pope-Chaucer Bridge, so
that it's more intuitive and easier to see. It's reflective; whereas, before it
was just a wooden staff. It was hard to see at night. Lastly, we're doing our
regular job of pruning trees, in particular around utility lines to prevent
power outages and other problems of that nature. Here's a picture of the
new staff that's been installed at the Pope-Chaucer Bridge. There are a
couple of things that are new about it. One, as I said, is it's reflective, so at
night, if you shine a light on it, it's very bright. You'll be able to read it.
Secondly, in addition to measuring the depth of water at the creek on the
right-hand side of the staff, on the left-hand side it shows the percent full.
You'll notice that it's not linear. As you get higher up in the creek, the creek
widens out and can actually take more water. A lot of times when people
see water at the top of the arch, they get concerned about potential
flooding. Whereas, in actuality, when it reaches the top of that arch, it's
really only about 62 percent full. That's because of two reasons. One is
that, again, the higher up you go in the creek, the wider it gets. Secondly,
when the water builds up above that arch, it creates a pressure flow
situation that can force more water through that tube. This is a picture of
one of the flap gates that we installed on the end of a storm drain outfall to
prevent that backflow into the low-lying areas. Another activity that gets a
lot of attention is the establishment of sandbag stations to distribute
sandbags to our public. For Palo Alto, we have three locations where we
stock bags: at the airport, at Mitchell Park and at Rinconada Park. Some of
the sandbags we get from the Water District, but we're also working to fill
our own bags. We have a sandbag filling machine that we use at our
corporation yard. To date, we've filled about 3,400 bags and plan to
continue that over the storm season on an as-needed basis to make sure
that we have enough sandbags to serve the public demand. We're also
considering an on-call contract with a construction contract to help us with
the filling, staging and delivery of additional sandbags as needed during
                                                                         Page 24 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
