                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It is addressing the issues that are stipulated in our criteria
and findings and the Downtown Urban Design Guidelines. I didn't make
these up.

Council Member Burt: I'd feel more ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach has suggested we reference the
guidelines, that's how we got here tonight. Just referencing the guidelines
and not being specific about what's lacking is how we got here tonight.

Council Member Burt: For instance, "D" gives not just a direction to look at
rooflines to assure that they meet the criteria, it starts explaining more
about why they don't and what you want. I don't think that's where we
ought to go. On this rooflines on "D," I would not accept it as written. I
would accept "the ARB to review rooflines as they relate to the guidelines."
At a certain point in time, even though we may feel that we want a certain
direction to be addressed more by the ARB, we still have to respect the
process.

Mayor Holman: What language are you suggesting then?

Council Member Burt: I would say "the consistency of rooflines with the
Downtown Urban Design Guidelines."

Mayor Holman:     They're also in the Context-Based Design Criteria.        It's a
different code.

Council Member Burt: That's fine if you want to reference it there. That "D"
replaces "E." Any other changes need to be not so prescriptive.

Mayor Holman: Let me just add "the consistency of rooflines, entries,
setbacks, mass and scale."

Council Member Burt: It's all those things consistent with the context-based
design criteria, correct?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, under Architectural
Review Board, Part D, “rooflines along University Avenue and on Kipling
Street" with “the consistency of roof lines, entries, setbacks, mass, and scale
with context based design criteria.”

Mayor Holman: I believe all of that is, yes.

Council Member Berman: I'd like to have it printed out. I'm not comfortable
voting on this, and I wouldn't be comfortable with us scrolling down it. I
                                                                       Page 88 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
