                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm good now.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I want to thank everyone who came tonight, stayed
late to participate and brought up important issues on this. It does seem
clear though that we have the basic rules. A vast majority of people in the
neighborhood do want the single-story overlay.        I would move Staff
recommendation reflecting the applicant-requested Greer Park North
boundary for rezoning to R-1(S) single-story overlay.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Vice Mayor Schmid and second by Council
Member Wolbach.

MOTION:      Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt an Ordinance reflecting the Applicant-requested Greer
Park North boundary for rezoning to R-1-S, Single Story Overlay (SSO) zone
district.

Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak to your motion?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just to repeat that these are people who are living in
moderate-size, modest houses who love their neighborhood, have found the
experience of bringing up families in the neighborhood rich and rewarding,
and want to respect that value into the future. We have clear rules that
allow them to do that, so I'm in support of it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, speak to your second.

Council Member Wolbach: In addition to what I said before, also in picking
up on something that Council Member Burt had alluded to. Of the single-
story overlays that we have in the City, we don't get a lot of people saying,
"I won't to undo it."     Generally people find that they really like it.
Something else Council Member Burt alluded to—I just wanted actually a
quick question for Staff. Maybe I had forgotten this. You can actually—
when somebody imposes an SSO under our SSO ordinance, they can
actually expand the size of their house more than they could have before.
Right? Is there any change to the FAR or any change to the lot coverage?

Ms. French: Yes, there is a change to lot coverage. The lot ...

Council Member Wolbach: For everybody here, could you clarify again what
that is?

                                                                         Page 126 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
