                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman explained that the Council was hampered by the lack of a
definition of affordable housing cost. Staff only analyzed the two project
alternatives, but it would be possible to analyze other hypothetical projects.

Council Member Berman inquired whether an analysis that demonstrated a
1,000 square foot decrease in office space compensated the developer for
the cost of affordable housing would be defensible or allowed.

Ms. Silver indicated the Council would need substantial evidence in the
record to support that. At this point, substantial evidence was not available.
If the Council wished to have that analysis, it should request the consultant
provide that analysis.

Council Member DuBois asked if the analysis considered the on-menu
concession option.

Mr. Kawahara answered yes, he did analyze a scenario with the on-menu
concessions only. The conclusion from that analysis was that the three
incentives were needed.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the analysis included parking
allowances.

Mr. Kawahara believed it did, but could not recall exactly.

Council Member DuBois inquired about the traffic report prepared by RKH
and whether Park Boulevard was excluded from the traffic study.

Ms. Gitelman could provide a copy of the traffic study if Council Members
wished to have a copy.

Council Member DuBois reiterated his query about the exclusion or inclusion
of Park Boulevard.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the traffic study reviewed the closest
intersections to the site. The intersections in the study were the ones likely
to be impacted by the project. The study was also available on the City's
website.

Council Member DuBois requested examples of projects where the Council
approved the mixed-use parking exception and asked if predictions in those
projects were accurate.

Ms. Gitelman would research such development projects and provide
examples. Parking exceptions were a common request and a common
practice in traffic and parking analyses generally.
                                                                        Page 16 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
