                         TRANSCRIPT
emergency response on one and other issues, like Jim's talked about and
Mr. Fisher brought up of additional engineering solutions that might be put
in place before the storms hit. Those groups will be coming back together;
we're meeting again as a group on Thursday to go over the
recommendations that have come up from those working groups. We'll be
moving forward with some additional steps of action that we will be taking.
We'll, of course, keep you and the community informed of those steps as we
go along.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. If I might just very briefly embellish what City
Manager Keene was saying in response to Bruce Heister's comment.
Actually in making a comment in one of our meetings about some people
just not being able to manage sandbags, Assistant City Manager Mason,
which I want to give her credit, said, "Why don't we coordinate with scout
groups, for instance?" We're trying to figure out some way to coordinate
with volunteer scout organizations, YCS or the Youth Community Services
and service organizations. I wanted to point those out, because if some
organization wants to volunteer to be accessible to help in that effort, that
would be great. Also, working with Len Matterman and the City to try to
keep the sandbags dry while they're out there in the field. Council Member
DuBois, questions, questions or comments?

Council Member DuBois: Thank you very much for that presentation and
report. It's really good to see all the work. It's very comprehensive. I have
a question about the 101 Caltrans work. What will the status of that be in
January? Do they stop working at some point if it starts to rain or do they
keep working until it rains?

Mr. Teresi: The Caltrans project is a multiyear project that's going to be
under construction for three years. Right now, they've finished up the first
stage. By the end of the month, they have to be out of the creek, but
there's still some additional work on the top as far as the roadway and the
sound wall reconstruction that they will continue throughout the winter.
Come next spring, they will shift the lanes once again and replace another
section of the freeway.

Council Member DuBois: Also, I saw some recent emails about street
cleaning to clean the new RPP areas. I think what's happening is we have
people coming in now with permits and parking. When the street cleaners
come, they can't get all the leaves on the side. Is there any thought to
making it so you can't park on one side of the street when the street
cleaners come by, like we do Downtown, to remove those leaves before the
rains?


                                                                      Page 33 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
