                    ACTION MINUTES

A.    Adopt a Resolution amending Rate Schedules: W-1 (General
      Residential Water Service), W-2 (Water Service from Fire Hydrants),
      W-3 (Fire Service Connections), W-4 (Residential Master-Metered and
      General Non-Residential Water Service), and W-7 (Non-Residential
      Irrigation Water Service) to increase rates 4 percent and add drought
      surcharges effective September 1, 2015; and

B.    Adopt a Resolution activating the drought surcharges at the 20 percent
      reduction level effective September 1, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

24.   Proposed Response to the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
      Authority’s (VTA’s) “Call for Projects” for Inclusion in the Countywide
      Long-Range Transportation Plan (VTP 2040) & Discussion of the
      Potential Envision Silicon Valley 2016 Transportation Tax Measure.

28.   Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a Letter Regarding Palo Alto’s
      Position on New Funding for State and Local Transportation
      Infrastructure.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to move Agenda Item Number 25- Adoption of a Resolution
Amending the Affordable Housing Guidelines to Permit Use of the
Commercial Housing Fund for Preservation of Existing Units forward to be
heard now.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

25.   Resolution 9539 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending and Updating the Housing Reserve Guidelines as the
      Affordable Housing Fund Guidelines.”

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt a Resolution amending the City’s Affordable Housing
Guidelines to allow the Commercial Housing Fund to be used to support the
preservation of existing housing as well as construction of new affordable
housing including changes provided in the At Place Memorandum from Staff.


                                                                          Page 6 of 11
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 8/17/15
