                         TRANSCRIPT
hearing tonight, the City Council may approve the resolution adopting the
new water rate schedules.

Public Hearing continued from June 8, 2015.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. I have a couple of
comments about water that I hope you can include in your deliberations.
First of all, water is an odd thing in that it comes to you. Once in a while
there are accidents, not in an apartment building—there may be, but we
wouldn't know it. A pipe breaks. I noticed some of the private companies
have gone to insurance. If your pipe breaks, somebody comes out and fixes
it, and you pay a certain amount per month, like any other insurance, but
then that takes care of it. What it does not include is all the extra water
that's lost. I'm sure you would look askance at my proposal that there be
this insurance, that it be offered to everybody and made clear what it's
about, and that the extra water be insured against that expense. You're not
going to get the water back. You can try to make ways that people can
guard against a break in the pipe. That would be good too. The other thing
is this. We haven't done nearly enough with reclaiming water, bath water,
washing water. I know people who have conduits from their washing
machine or their dishwasher, and they go outside, and they feed the plants
water. I believe you should have incentives for people to do that. First of
all, every new house along the same lines as making apartment owners put
in electric car accommodations. You should have requirements that any
building that uses water have arrangements to capture the used water, gray
water. Not only should there be no permits, but there should be a facility
down at Planning where people could go and learn how to retrofit to do it.
That's all I have to say. I hope I was clear enough; I don't know. I tried to
promote the use of the used water which is perfectly good, and the plants
would be grateful for it. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 6:33 P.M.

Mayor Holman: We'll have a tabulation of the protests. There are 19,493
property owners and water customers subject to the rate change, meaning
that 9,747 protests are needed to create a majority. City Clerk, do you have
a number to report to us?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: We had 12 protests.

Mayor Holman: The total number received is not higher than 50 percent.
Since there's no majority protest on water rates, the motion to adopt water
rate changes shall be made as part of the ordinance adopting the budget for
Fiscal Year 2016. I'd like to ask for a Council motion.

                                                                      Page 29 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
