                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth inquired about literature regarding measurement of
the impact of sharrows.

Mr. Rodriguez could provide studies regarding the effectiveness of sharrows
if the Council was interested. Sharrows were not detrimental as an extra
measure of guidance. There was not a quantifiable number indicating
sharrows were safer than other measures or safer than the lack of signage.
Studies did indicate some safety benefit from the use of sharrows.

Council Member Filseth inquired about the strategy for Alma Street/El
Camino Real relative to bikes.

Mr. Rodriguez reported Staff's goal was to improve parallel routes on Park
Boulevard and Bryant Street and direct people to those routes. In the prior
4 1/2 years, the City had received $19 million in grants for projects. If the
City did not invest in design, then it could not compete for grants.

Council Member Filseth was surprised by the amount of discussion of
sharrows. If Staff could provide studies demonstrating their effectiveness, it
could change public opinion.

Council Member Scharff noted Google had partnered with the City regarding
bike infrastructure. He inquired whether Staff had contacted Facebook
regarding the trail to Menlo Park. That trail would be a good commute
route.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that outreach to Facebook had diminished since
Facebook moved away; however, Staff could resume contact with Facebook.

Council Member Scharff felt an off-road trail along Matadero Creek would be
great for the community. He preferred the off-road trail along Churchill
Avenue, but access to it from Alma Street was awkward. He asked if that
could be corrected.

Mr. Rodriquez explained that Alma Street was a challenge. He hoped the
City and Caltrain could make grade-separation improvements along Alma
Street. Any project there would have to include Caltrain.

Council Member Scharff liked the contraflow lane from the Homer tunnel.
Projects were innovative and actual improvements.

Council Member Berman was impressed by Staff's community outreach
efforts and response to community input. Success of the Plan would
improve the quality of life for all Palo Alto residents by decreasing the
amount of traffic.


01/20/2015                                                             216- 336
