                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: All right.

Mayor Holman: I have a question for the drafter of the amendment. I
believe what you intended—if I could have your attention. I believe what
you intended was not to add to the motion, exempt very small businesses,
very small nonprofits, religious organizations. I think what you intended was
to amend Section a of the amendment—excuse me, of the Motion to adopt
those actions rather than sending them to Policy and Services. Isn't that
correct?

Council Member Scharff: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: If the City Clerk could capture that. Does that make sense,
David? Council Member Scharff, if you can watch that as it's being put on
the screen.

Council Member Scharff: I will.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, did you have a clarification?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. How would I add another amendment that
Policy and Services consider the short-term rental businesses?

Mayor Holman : First, we'd have to vote on this amendment.

Council Member Filseth: We have to do this one first.

Mayor Holman: We have to vote on this amendment. I have three lights. If
we can be brief. We were doing really well, and now we've got eight
minutes to finish if we can possibly do that. Vice Mayor Schmid, on the
amendment.

Council Member Scharff: We probably should add rather than send them to
Policy and Services on the Motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, would you care to work with David
down there so Vice Mayor Schmid can continue?

Council Member Scharff: Absolutely.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm concerned about exempting small businesses,
because that includes independent contractors. The questionnaire we have
asks about employees. Independent contractors are not employees. In Palo
Alto, where you have a lot of small start-up businesses that are changing a
lot with independent contractors coming in, that could be between 10 and 20
percent of the people in the Downtown at any particular time. I think it
                                                                      Page 35 of 101
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/15/15
