                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad:   Could you repeat the mandate?     The mandate to raise the
homes?

Vice Mayor Schmid: They have to raise them three feet from ground level if
they have a remodeling, rebuilding.

Mr. Pirnejad: Any home that affects 1,000 square feet or more is going to
be subject to the Green Building Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Does it work the other way around, that you reduce the
square footage from 1,200 to 1,000, would that affect remodels of 1,000
feet where it would not have before?

Ms. Jacobsen: The remodel criteria looks at the energy-using systems of the
building. If you have a remodel that's 1,200 going to 1,000, if it's altering
some of the energy-using systems, two of the four main energy-using
systems of a typical home, then it would be triggered. The fact that it's
being raised wouldn't impact the energy performance of the building.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The impact is on the home remodel, where you want to
remodel your home, but you don't necessarily want to get involved in raising
the whole structure. Are you putting a bigger mandate on?

Mayor Holman: Can Staff answer that please?

Mr. Pirnejad: I'm trying to conceptualize the question. Maybe if you could
rephrase it.

Council Member Burt: If I understand it correctly. Basically if you do a
remodel above the 1,000 square feet and you're in the floodplain, that's
what triggers having to elevate. This doesn't change the trigger point for
that. It does mean that like any other home that is remodeled above 1,000
square feet, certain of these things would occur, but no different.

Vice Mayor Schmid: My question is, is the remodel driven at 1,000 square
feet for the raising three feet.

Council Member Burt: Either way, this doesn't change what drives elevating
a home. This is just about the green energy. We still have whatever we
have in the Code about what triggers elevating a home in a floodplain.

Mayor Holman: Does that answer your question? Before we go to any
motions, I also should acknowledge that we have one public speaker.
Questions and comments, and then we'll go to the public and then come
back for motions.


04/20/2015                                                            117- 332
