                          TRANSCRIPT
along the way that we have to be very aware of and have a conversation
about. It's definitely something that I'm interested in. Council Member
Wolbach's point about rainwater capture, I'm curious about that. I might go
check out what Stanford's doing. It's definitely something that we need to
consider. I'm encouraged to hear Council Member Burt think that this is a
very achievable problem that we have. Let's try to move as fast as possible
in coming up with a plan. Maybe we can serve as a role model to other
communities about the easy ways to either be more efficient with our water
usage or create supply through water recycling. That plus everything I said
during the UAC Study Session are my thoughts. I'm also curious to hear
from the audience. I don't know if 90 percent of you guys are Staff. I don't
think you are, because I recognize some resident faces from out there. I'm
impressed by how many folks are here from the community who clearly are
passionate and care about this. That gives us and Staff a sense of the
priority that this is for Palo Alto.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Thank you, guys, for putting
together all this data. I wanted to ask a question about fuel switching. In
Page 19 of the Packet, there's a chart that looks like this. If you look at the
top one which is natural gas consumption, it looks to me like about one-third
of our natural gas consumption is residential, and the other two-thirds is a
combination of commercial and municipal, mostly commercial. The question
I had was most of the dialog that I've heard about natural gas usage
reduction has been about heat pump water heaters and clothes dryers and
things like that. All that's residential kind of stuff, I assume. Are we looking
at measures that would impact the two-thirds that's used by commercial as
well as just residential?

Mr. Friend: Yes, we are. The proposed plan that we'll bring back to you will
talk across the board of this entire fleet of natural gas uses. Many of our
commercial customers, certainly the larger ones, are already at work on
these issues. Utilities has programs working with customers on demand
reduction. You're right to point out that clearly two-thirds of natural gas,
half the water, 80 percent of electricity is from commercial sector. That has
to be addressed as part of any plan.

Council Member DuBois: On water, I'd like to emphasize, echo two of the
points that have been made. If there are ways to accelerate recycled water
in the City, there's interest in that. Also maybe ramping up incentives on
water-efficient landscaping. We already have some, but maybe there's more
we can do in that area. Council Member Berman pointed out the one chart
about the Scope 3 emissions, things that are outside the City like air travel,
food supply. I was interested in a chart from the appendix, Page two of
Appendix A, which was from the old plan that broke it down and included a

04/20/2015                                                              117- 299
