                         TRANSCRIPT

approved, as well as Maybell Avenue. Immediately upon adoption of the
concept plan for Maybell Avenue, we were able to implement some small
improvements through some City maintenance projects as well as some
cooperation with the School District. More recently, you approved the
concept plan for the Charleston Road-Arastradero multimodal complete
street project. The concept plans that we're currently working on are kind of
a base map, aerial photography overlaid with CAD drawings, engineering
drawings. We think this is a good way to illustrate the improvements to the
public. This is an example of the Bryant Street extension concept plan line
which we'll actually be bringing forward in November for your approval. This
is extending the existing bike boulevard south across Meadow Drive. We
think this is a pretty good tool. This is just the first phase in the design
process. After the concept plan, we move into final design which would
actually produce construction drawings.

Sara Syed, Senior Planner: Thanks, Josh. At this point, I'm going to briefly
touch upon our early implementation and current projects.           As Josh
mentioned, after we have approved concept plans, we really look for ways
where we can implement projects cost effectively prior to awarding the
design and going through a more formal construction process. We work
closely with our colleagues in the Department of Public Works and in the
School District to advance elements of our approved concept plans. This
summer we were able to advance part of the Maybell Avenue bicycle
boulevard. I'll share a couple of photos of that on the next slide. We also
were able to advance the Matadero Avenue bicycle boulevard with the recent
repaving project to remove the center line and add sharrows. Here's a
snapshot of bulb-outs on El Camino Way that the City constructed as part of
the Maybell project as well as a pathway connection from Terman Middle
School to the Los Altos/Palo Alto bicycle path. Our Public Works Department
constructed that path this summer. You probably have also seen around
town many high visibility green pavement markings and a bicycle signal that
was installed at Alma and Lytton. This is just an example of partnering with
development projects to implement improvements cost effectively. This
summer the School District stepped up in a big way to construct spot
improvements near both Gunn High School and Palo Alto High School. The
Georgia Avenue pathway connecting to Gunn was previously a narrow,
constrained path shared by hundreds of cyclists and pedestrians. We
worked with the School District on a design to double the width and to add
lighting as well as a treatment at the opening of the path to ensure that
motor vehicles don't drive on the path with some new landscaping. Changes
were also made to the Los Robles Ave. entrance to the path to Gunn High
School to allow families, people with trailers, people with special needs to
                                                                        Page 3 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
