                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: If we basically got rid of the difference between
intensive retail service and made everything have the same parking
requirements as extensive retail service on Cambridge, would we solve that
problem?

Mr. Lait: Let me take a look at the—I'd have to (inaudible) parking
requirement.

Council Member Scharff: Why don't you look it up? I'll give a little comment
on this in the meantime then. As we try and activate Cambridge as a retail
area, what you really want to do is you want to bring people over to
Cambridge. I think that benefits the existing retailers there. For instance,
they'll come over and they'll see the barbershop, they'll see the nail salon.
You want to draw as many people over to that area. What tends to going to
start to do that is some eating and drinking establishment, frankly, that
people like. Not necessarily a restaurant, but I think it could be a fro-yo
shop, an ice cream shop. I'm watching the bubble tea place do really well.
It's all those sort of things. I think if we just say you've got to have what
basically is this extensive retail to get within that parking requirement, I
think we're going to have a problem on Cambridge. I think we're going to
drive it to non-retail uses which are personal services.

Mr. Lait: To answer your question on the intensive/extensive. The intensive
retail requirement is one space per 200 square feet of gross floor area.
Extensive is one per 350, and retail—excuse me, eating and drinking is one
per 60 of public service areas. I would say that does not solve the problem.

Council Member Scharff: Could we fix this tonight if necessary?

Mr. Lait: This is one of the things that the Council has asked us to look at.
We've not included it in this ordinance because we believe it's going to
require more outreach and analysis than we thought was asked of us to
come back quickly with an ordinance to address the formula retail.

Council Member Scharff: How's it working today? I mean, right now we tell
someone that they can't put in unless they have onsite parking or is it only
places that are grandfathered in? I mean, how did the bubble tea place just
open? There was also a similar place before them or how does this work?

Mr. Lait: I don't have with me right now an explanation as to why that
particular use came in. That's certainly something we could research and
get back to the Council on. I don't know if it was an—I mean, if it was an
existing retail and it is now an eating and drinking place, I'd want to
understand more about that change. If you have an existing eating and
drinking place, certainly a new eating and drinking place can come in there
                                                                        Page 54 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
