                         TRANSCRIPT
the biggest difference. I've got to say, the trends are in that direction. I
know it seems funny. I was at a conference a little while back where
someone showed a slide. I don't remember the exact thing, but it was
something like in 1900 there were all these horse and buggies on the
streets. Like five years later, there's no horse and buggies. What that told
me is that rapid change can occur. The combination of self-driving cars,
what we're seeing with Uber, once you have self-driving cars, it becomes
fairly clear you don't need parking garages. You send your car somewhere
else, where it becomes easy. Suddenly, you don't need to own a car,
because all cars are Ubers at that point. Why own one when they're self-
driving and they come and pick you up and take you where you want to go.
It becomes a mass transit system? There's all sorts of things you see there.
A combination of that with smart cars where you have self-driving cars but
they can drive almost bumper to bumper. You double your capacity on the
roads. You then make them all electric, and suddenly what you have is a
mass transit system based on the automobile. We're done with that. The
future could be very bright in lots of ways of all of that. I agree with you
and disagree with you at the same time in that if we're looking out to 2040,
we're going to see huge technical innovations. One of the crazy ones that
you could have is electricity becoming so cheap through solar. I'm watching
it fall; solar is getting more and more competitive where it's going to be
cheaper than brown power in the not too distant future. When I saw that
our avoided cost on solar is 10 cents and something, when I joined Council I
don't remember what the number was, but it was something much, much
higher. I think it was double that. That's just my recollection. I don't know
if you know.

Mr. Friend:   I don't, but it was probably more than double that, I would
imagine.

Council Member Scharff: In five years, we've seen this radical shift in where
solar is. Yes, go buy as many power purchase agreements as we can. We
need to do that. That's easy. It seems that my experience on some of this
stuff has been that the low-hanging fruit gets taken early on. You're the one
who just pointed out that we had a big drop based on going carbon neutral.
Those big drops are hard to necessarily come by. You can't recreate the
ones you've just taken. What you really need to get another big drop is
some sort of technology breakthrough or innovation to get a big change.
When you see all of that, it's good and smart to plan aggressively for 2040.
It's good to have a stretch goal. What you do in the next five years should
be realistic and achievable. You hope that the technology comes along. I
could envision a world where electricity is so cheap that we use hydrogen
gas rather than natural gas for those few items that you need natural gas-
type things for. At that point you wouldn't have any emissions based on

04/20/2015                                                            117- 303
