                          TRANSCRIPT

years. Now is the most exciting time; it's the execution time. I'm glad to
hear that so far things are going pretty well in terms of the website and folks
registering for permits or at least registering accounts. I think word is really
getting out there. I was at my barbershop last week. When I wasn't
lamenting the growing bald spot that started about 2 1/2 years ago when I
got elected to Council, we were talking about the RPP. A progression of that
was first you have to register in the Business Registry, which he also hadn't
done yet and now has. I even gave him my card, and he sent me an email
the next morning saying, "Hey. I'm on this website trying to register on the
Business Registry. I can't figure it out. Help me out." Four hours later he
sent me a follow-up email saying, "Alarm over. I got it handled." Hopefully
this will generate the results that we were hoping for with the Business
Registry, getting that information that we need to make strategic decisions.
Along those lines, the survey results I think are just fascinating in terms of
aiding us in our ability to target our resources and our time towards areas
that'll generate the biggest results. I wasn't surprised that 33 percent of
employees are coming from the South Bay. I was surprised that only 7
percent are coming from the East Bay. I kind of thought that would have
been higher, so that was pretty interesting. I think as we have the
conversation later on today about the possible sales tax measure, during the
conversation tonight I've really realized how important it could be. Not only
do 33 percent of people come from the South Bay, but 65 percent of those
people drive in single occupancy vehicles. I don't think it was in the data
you gave us but, diving even deeper, of the people in the South Bay and of
the 65 percent of single occupancy vehicle drivers that come from the South
Bay, how open those people would be to a mode shift if it were easier. I
know you guys have higher level numbers for those data points further on,
but it doesn't break it out to that subset. That could help the VTA and
others really determine how best to utilize the billions of dollars we're going
to be raising and spending on transportation that ironically may be money
spent in San Jose or further south, could actually benefit us because that's
cars that aren't driving into Palo Alto. That could be a real win for
everybody involved. I'm very interested in lowering the cost of daily
permits. I think that's right on. We need to move down that path. I'm very
interested in the idea of sustainable funding for the TMA coming from
sources like the parking fund. I know that that might be controversial at
first, but I think if you look at it from a policy standpoint, it makes a lot of
sense. It could probably be a better use of that money than on concrete
parking spaces. I'd be curious if having gates at parking garages, which I
think I support also, would allow for us to identify whose permits have gone
dormant. Are people getting permits on July 1st, but they get a different job

                                                                         Page 19 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
