                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I said Annette Ashton Glanckopf, same person. Sorry.
Based on the established criteria and applications received by the close of
business on August 25, 2015 and, two, affirm that the resulting CAC is well
equipped to fulfill its role with 21 voting members and three nonvoting
members appointed to review all relevant materials, accept and analyze
community input, and provide recommendations on desired updates to the
Plan's policies and programs, recognizing that the City Council will provide
direction on the Plan's structure, vision statements and goals and will be the
ultimate decision-maker on the Plan that is adopted. Three, direct Staff to
return to City Council on consent with an item appointing Julia Moran to the
CAC which will fill out the 21 voting member CAC.

Male: Twenty-two.

Mayor Holman: Twenty-two. What'd I say?

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Twenty-two, that'll fill out the 22 voting member CAC.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for the second, Council Member Wolbach.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach to:

A.   Appoint Annette Glanckopf, Jennifer Hetterly, Shani Kleinaus, Mark
     Nadim, and Len Filppu to the Comprehensive Plan Update Citizens
     Advisory Committee (CAC) based on the established criteria and
     applications received by the close of business on August 25, 2015; and

B.   Affirm that the resulting CAC is well equipped to fulfill its role, with 21
     voting members and 3 non-voting members appointed to review all
     relevant materials, accept and analyze community input, and provide
     recommendations on desired updates to the Plan’s policies and
     programs, recognizing the City Council will provide direction on the
     Plan structure, Vision Statements, and Goals, and will be the ultimate
     decision makers on the Plan that is adopted; and

C.   Direct Staff to return with a Consent Calendar Item appointing Julia
     Moran to the CAC, which will fill out the 22 voting-member CAC.

Mayor Holman: I don't need to speak to this.

Council Member Wolbach: My understanding is that out of all the members
of this group, we have one who is going to be deferred in being appointed
                                                                        Page 85 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
