                            MINUTES
occur once the Council provided their vision for the future. He encouraged
the Council to identify and discuss key issues sooner rather than later.

Council Member Wolbach believed the themes from the existing
Comprehensive Plan were good. He thought the language regarding physical
boundaries of residential and commercial areas should be changed to
consider residential areas intruding on areas that were predominantly
commercial. Perhaps the Council was able to consider allowing a mixed use
building that focused more on housing rather than on jobs. Meeting housing
supply challenges was an important and failing component of the existing
Comprehensive Plan.      He hoped that theme would be retained and
prioritized.   The Concept Plans were important, whether they were
incorporated into Land Use or remained standalone Elements. A number of
areas of the City needed to have a specialized focus. He liked the idea of
incorporating the Sustainability/Climate Action Plan into the Comprehensive
Plan and concurred with Council Member Filseth regarding the need for
quantitative data.

Vice Mayor Schmid thought the highest priority was land use. The National
Citizens Survey indicated land use was a deep concern for the citizens of
Palo Alto.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XX that
the Summit sessions will explore the impacts of replacing Theme Number 6 -
Meeting Residential and Commercial Needs, with the following:

   1. the number of residents and the number of employees will grow at the
      same rate over time; and

   2. the rate of growth of jobs and residents will remain at or below the
      average from 2001-2015.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the number of jobs and residents
had to remain the same, even though the ratio improved.

Vice Mayor Schmid was asking the Summit to review the impacts of having
them grow at the same rate to be discussed at the Summit Meeting on May
30, 2015.

Mr. Keene explained that the Summit would launch a series of discussions.
Post-Summit work sessions focused on growth management strategies,
where this type of discussion would be appropriate.

Vice Mayor Schmid was suggesting these topics be presented at the Summit
for discussion.

03/16/2015                                                           117- 96
