                          TRANSCRIPT
discuss co-build with AT&T, Google and Comcast, how the City can lay its
own conduit to the premise during the build-outs. Setting aside maybe—
including Google, do you know how they agree to those types of
arrangements anywhere else where—I mean, we'd essentially be a
competitor. Correct? I mean, I could understand why maybe partnering
with Sonic or another company might make sense. I don't know why they
would be interested in that.

Mr. Reichental: CTC have some sort of broader, national context, but I can
tell two facts. Comcast, there's no fiber involved. There's no opportunity to
co-build because they're not building anything. They're going to replace
electronics in your house. AT&T, they are using their existing fiber. With
this giga fiber project, they're just going to go to adding another box
alongside the box that already exists in neighborhoods. They're just going
to put additional cable to the house. That's the only piece that AT&T are
doing in their build. Really the opportunity in "F" would be Google.

Council Member Berman: Do we know have they in any other cities where—
has this been looked at in any other cities where they've been active?

Ms. Hovis: On this kind of comprehensive basis, we haven't seen anything
like this. Google is explicitly on the record as favoring "dig once" policies.
I've never heard the term co-build before outside the context of this project.
This is a "dig once" idea, that if Google is opening up the road or the
sidewalk, you would put in your conduit at the same time. That's a best
practice, I think. It's a fine strategy and worth exploring. It is your right-of-
way, so you have some leverage in that context. There's a cost associated
with it, and they are in favor of "dig once" as a policy matter.

Council Member Berman: They might be open to it.

Ms. Hovis: We've not seen anything on this scale elsewhere

Council Member Berman: Can I just offer an amendment?               We remove
AT&T and Comcast from that, but keep Google.

Council Member DuBois: The idea with AT&T was—you guys can tell me if
this has ever been done—a co-aerial build. When they're out on the poles,
can they string our fiber as well?

Ms. Hovis: Physically they could.      I think it's going to be an enormous
challenge to get them to agree.
                                                                         Page 61 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
