                          TRANSCRIPT

reference you again, by making it aspirational is really important and
remember what I mentioned earlier is that the League of Cities is actually
looking to Palo Alto to set a new model and an enhanced model in this
regard. Council Member Wolbach. Should I give it back to you, Rob? Do
you have any other comments having heard Council Member comments?

Mr. de Geus: I just appreciate the comments. Sort of a learning lesson
here, I think. Needed to check back in with Council a little earlier along the
way. I think that's really good feedback. It's sometimes hard to find the
right balance of trying to move things along and do work with the Staff and
the community in balance with checking in with Council and Committees. I
sometimes always get that exactly right. I've learned a lot from it.

Mr. Keene: I have a comment, Madam Mayor. There were a couple of next
steps that were talked about. I think it would be a little bit awkward to
actually move it tonight with the idea that it would be then subsequently
modified, just because that—I mean, I do think it would be easier if you
want to go on that track to just ask us to come back very quickly with an
edited version. I think we can get certainly 90 percent of the way there with
where the drift is. A lot of it just has to do with the nature of the kind of
active verbs that are used in front of these things that just make it subject
to what it means. I still think you can keep almost everything that is there
and the aspirational piece if you just leave more room for the
implementation discussion that would follow.        I would just make that
suggestion if you want to go down that route rather than referring it to the
Committee. I think once you did adopt it even tonight, then going back to
change it could be misconstrued by folks and stuff. That's my thinking.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I have lights by Council Member Wolbach and
Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually something else stood out to me as I was
reviewing this. One thing that was discussed before our Retreat and at our
Retreat was the idea of highlighting social services, particularly for four of
the most at-risk groups, kind of riffing off of what Vice Mayor Schmid was
referring to. The four groups that we identified at that point were the
unhoused, seniors, youth and the disabled. There are references to aging in
place and education, but the only one of those four groups that is explicitly
called out in this right now is the unhoused. At this point, I think I'd like to
move actually that we do refer this to Policy and Services. I would like to
give it a run-through P&S just to do that touch-up work. I think it shouldn't
take a terribly long time to do. Also, I just want to say I wasn't sure if I was
                                                                          Page 72 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
