                         TRANSCRIPT
first step in a more serious conversation about the high cost of housing in
Palo Alto.

Council Member Kniss: Welcome everyone. So many of you have come
here once, twice, three times, four times. How many of you have come here
four times? Five, six, seven, eight? You've come a number of times. I like
the pictures you're holding up. These kids are so cute. I wish you could see
it from here.      This is an extremely warm and, as somebody said, a
community-oriented night. This is a fascinating evening, because what
we're talking about tonight is literally taking our checkbook and pretty much
emptying it. We're going to empty it into what we hope will be a finale for
the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. We can't guarantee that. I'm going to
leave that to people like Joe and Larry Klein who have been working in a
difficult situation; Gail Price as well, to call out some of you who have put
your heart and soul into this. What I'd like to leave you with is this
demonstrates the core values of this City: diversity, take a look, no
question about diversity; economic justice, would you agree that that's part
of this; to make a contribution to affordable housing. That sums up some of
the core values for those of us who live in Palo Alto. You have come out
tonight to hopefully defend your homes. On top of that, you're also
supporting each other. What you're saying is, "We want to all come
together. We're looking to you, the City, to help us make this happen." In
closing, this ain't easy. This is a hard road that you're on. As we send you
out of here with a team of Simitian and Klein and Price and others, please
jump in. If you know somebody that you think would like to contribute to
this, approach them. Ask them if they would like to join that with you. It's
our great pleasure tonight to be able to set these funds aside and hope that
this continues on the positive road it's been going on so far.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I enthusiastically support the motion on the table.
Buena Vista has already been endorsed as part of our Housing Element
recently approved. We recognize that this is the beginning of a process to
identify the fair market value for the property. We move ahead with
confidence that there is nowhere else in Palo Alto where we can provide so
much affordable housing at a very reasonable price. This is a bargain. I'd
like to encourage Staff to agendize any further discussions whenever
necessary on this to make sure we move ahead promptly. Give a word of
thanks to those who initiated the process and who have been so active over
time in making sure that all of us keep focused on what is a key part of a
healthy city.

Council Member Burt: I also will be supporting the motion. I'm very glad
that we've been able to get to this point, to make this action. These funds,
first of all, are dedicated for purposes of affordable housing.       That's
                                                                        Page 22 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
