                         TRANSCRIPT

circumstances that you just described and that this is why we're all stuck
with this set of circumstances. We all know that we had this last year,
where through mid-December it looked like we were having a wet year and
we were all starting to take our foot off the pedal on the conservation efforts
or think that we maybe had that on the horizon, and things went dry. I just
think that's part of the communication that we're going to have to do at the
outset. If and when those rains hit heavy this year, we're going to have to
come forward and be real forthright with everybody about "here's the
circumstance and this is what we said at the beginning and here's what
we're waiting on to know whether we can remove this." The second thing
that I think is really important to communicate and is often misconceived by
the ratepayers every time we have efficiencies, whether it's in conservation
on water, electricity or whatever, we hear from ratepayers a claim that "I
reduced my amount, and you're charging more." Basically, the implication is
that I'm paying more as a penalty for having conserved. We have to do a
simple communication on, one, it's not a penalty, that this is the result of
the cost recovery. Second, that they're not paying more, they're paying a
higher rate. This is what I'd like to see in simple dollars. If I'm an average
ratepayer and I conserve my water use by 25 or 30 percent, so that the
gross amount of water I'm using is down that much, and my rate goes up by
a smaller amount, does my bill go up or down? The answer is it's going to
go down. That's not what we're hearing from the public. They're not
looking at the bill, and we have to help them see those numbers clearly.
Yes, the rate per gallon is going to go up for the following reasons, but your
conservation more than offsets that. I think that's pretty much the case in
most any circumstance where people are conserving. Is that correct?

Mr. Abendschein:      Yes, it's correct.    Although, the tricky part of our
communication right now is that our rates continue to go up for reasons
entirely unrelated to conservation. It's the Hetch Hetchy, and so it's tough
for people to see both of those factors at the same time.

Council Member Burt: I think that's part of what we have to lay out in clear
numbers and graphics and say, "If there was no drought and no drought
surcharge, because of the rebuild of the Hetch Hetchy system, this is how
much your bill was going to up, not just your rate. Here's the impact of the
surcharge. You cut back 25 percent, and your rates due to the drought went
up single digits depending on how much you use." Those are real clear
communications that we're going to have to break down. I think examples
are the best way. If you're a low volume user, here's what happens. If
you're a medium, here's what happens. If you're a higher one, here's what
happens. Put it into not just percentages, but the average bill. The final
                                                                        Page 44 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
