                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Proposed PTC goal of T-4, second from the bottom on
page 20.     It could be "encourage attractive, convenient, efficient and
innovative private motor vehicle and bicycle parking facilities."

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you okay with that?

Council Member DuBois: I was looking at it. I think we're venturing into
policies again. The description in the middle says that there are policies on
innovative parking management strategies, improve parking technologies. I
think a lot of that's in there.

Council Member Burt: We aren't saying which these are. We are already
saying it's got to be attractive and convenient, but we aren't saying efficient
or innovative. I'm not sure where that distinction lies.

Council Member DuBois: Okay. I mean, I'm fine with it.

Council Member Burt: I will add that I'm fine with subsequently through our
process getting a greater distinction between thinking through more
thoughtfully what should be in goals, policies and programs. I just want to
make sure at this level key elements are captured, and then we can figure
out exactly where to put them subsequently. If that's okay.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you okay with that change?

Council Member Scharff: I'm okay with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to add to Goal T-4,
‘Encourage attractive, convenient, efficient, and innovative parking
solutions.’”

Council Member Burt: Under the new proposed T-7, it says "influence the
shape and implementation of regional transportation policies." "Shape" just
doesn't seem like the right word. I don't know. Maybe they're meaning
form, I guess. I would encourage without trying to wordsmith it now—that
just doesn't seem ideal. We also have this big effort on mobility as a
service. That's not a policy so much as technologies in what we want.
We're trying to envision where we're going as really pursuing emerging
technologies. I really haven't seen that captured here. I would add
"transportation policies and technologies."

Council Member DuBois: Under regional?



                                                                       Page 119 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
