                         TRANSCRIPT
nine planning areas. All the discussion here has to do with the impacts of
growth limit will be observed Citywide for the term of the Plan. Traffic will
be monitored to ensure the intent of the limit is being achieved. Recognize
that traffic counts are affected by both residential and nonresidential growth
and by auto behavior and so forth. The monitored versus non-monitored
thing, I don't know, maybe. It seems to me that if you look at the intent of
the people that did this 20 years ago, there's at least a good chance that
we're at that cap. I think this is a really seminal kind of point we're at. I
think we should be very careful how we proceed.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Mayor Holman, I have to disagree. I do not think
that that is a plain reading of Policy L-8, particularly when you take into
consideration the Map L-6 that clearly shows monitored and non-monitored
areas. This is not just my interpretation. This is the interpretation of my
Staff, Staffs who have come before us, the Staff Reports we've read that
they have written, prior Councils. The 3.2 million square feet does not apply
to everywhere in the City. It applies to the areas that are called monitored
areas and that are shown on that map. There are employment districts that
fall ...

Council Member Filseth: The nine planning areas.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. There are employment areas that fall outside of
the monitored areas and that are not covered by Policy L-8. A good
example is the area around Page Mill Road, where we've just had a few
projects. The VTA lot, 441 Page Mill Road, some other developments in that
area fall outside of the planning area in that part of the City and are non-
monitored.

Council Member Filseth: Yet, development in that area would contribute to
traffic—sorry?

Male:    I think that's a separate sentence (inaudible) to help clarify
(inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Filseth: (crosstalk)

Council Member Burt: It's perfectly fine for us on a going-forward basis to
have a discussion about how we want to do this. We don't need to go back
and rewrite history in an inaccurate way to be able to have the discussion
going forward. For instance, Council Member Scharff mentioned that four of
us voted on a unanimous Council decision to approve the Stanford hospital
projects and, at that time, to specifically exempt them from this calculation.
                                                                      Page 113 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
