                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: My interest is requiring that to be ground-floor
retail before they build that building and for them to go in knowing that, so
they don't go down a path that doesn't work. I would like to have some
sense of how we achieve that, number one.            If we're going to turn
Cambridge into a retail and we miss this opportunity, it's unlikely that there
will be much more opportunities coming down the pike very soon. That's
something we really need to understand, how we effectuate that. Any
further changes on Cambridge if people tear stuff down, because that's the
most likely to be. If we do go down this route of formula retail and we
extend off California Avenue, we need to limit it to California Avenue. It's
important to, as much as possible, keep the side streets, and they actually
branch off in both directions, like where Café Pro Bono is for instance, we'd
like to encourage more retail going in that direction. Getting retail in those
areas is not necessarily that easy. It's frankly unlikely you're going to get
formula retail that's not eating and drinking establishments there, but you
might, so we want to limit it to California Avenue. I also feel a little bit like
we're talking in an alternative universe. There are issues about how many
eating and drinking establishments that we want that are formula retail to
be on that street. That is a clear issue that is occurring and that could
occur. We may or may not for policy reasons like or dislike that. I really
don't see formula retail on California Avenue with the exception of the Pure
Barre and that's not offensive to me. I don't see a tidal wave of these
things. Non eating and drinking establishment retail on California is hard to
get. The more we get of it, the more people will come down to shop which
will create more opportunities for other real retailers as opposed to eating
and drinking establishments. We have to be a little careful about that. For
instance, people go down to California Avenue for FedEx. Everyone in the
community does that. That would be a formula retail that's really helpful to
have there. The Benjamin-Moore Paints, I know we have a small pharmacy,
for instance, that's clearly a mom and pop pharmacy. Frankly I question
whoever owns that, when they retire, how long that will last as that. We
have some old formula retail. We have Domino's Pizza next to that, which
has been there a really long time. We have Subway which has been there a
really long time. Those aren't the real draw of California Avenue. If you
look on California Avenue, you see Starbucks is probably the number one
draw there. You see that whole area is very vibrant. You see The Counter
as very, very vibrant. We have to be a little thoughtful and say to ourselves
some of this formula retail has added to bringing lots of people and created
a vibrancy that otherwise wouldn't have happened. I'm not sure where we
go with that, but there are some concerns I have there. I'm very concerned
about the restaurant issue. It simply doesn't make sense to me. What you
had in these details was that 50 percent of the people on California Avenue
either walk or bike there when they visit. Only 50 percent drive; 50 percent

                                                                          Page 53 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
