                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you, Hillary. While this item is not a quasi-judicial
item, I think there are some Council Members who wanted to make
disclosures about their communications and contact with interested parties.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I was invited and took a tour of the
CPI facility including the plating shop about two weeks ago.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I had a conversation with Leslie Guardino who's a
consultant for CPI.  I've also had conversations with members of the
community who I won't name.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I, like Council Member DuBois, was invited by CPI
and also their representatives to take a tour of the facility and did so.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I have spoken with the consultants on this including
Leslie Guardino. I've also spoken with several of the residents who live close
by.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt:     Yes.   I also had a conversation with two of the
consultants for CPI.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I just had conversations with everybody. I know I
spoke with the CPI people. I spoke with Art. I spoke with Samir. I spoke
with Leslie Guardino, and I spoke with all the people at the CPI meeting. I
think there was five or six of them. I think I've just spoken to everybody.

Mayor Holman: Make me feel like a slacker. I was invited to and took
advantage of a tour at CPI, and I've had conversation with a couple of
members of the public. Thank you. With that, we'll now hear from the
public. We have a number of cards. Our first speaker is Bob Moss. You'll
have three minutes. Again to help us facilitate the meeting, if the next
speaker would come to the front, it would be appreciated. Bob Moss is to be
followed by Bob Fickett.


                                                                           Page 48 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
