                          TRANSCRIPT

signage typologies. Another concept which actually uses a totally different
color, a blue color. We did get some feedback that it may be difficult to read
the green signs against the green trees, so we wanted to investigate another
color as well. We will be bringing these to formal ARB and then also back to
you probably by the end of the year for some direction on the design and
the types of signage that would be bid for construction. The next piece that
I want to go over is the paid parking study. Talking about moving forward
with infrastructure to support parking management changes, we also need
to discuss what the parking management policies are. We are putting out to
bid an RFP for a consultant to do a comprehensive paid parking analysis.
The idea here would be the consultant could help us collect data on not just
occupancy, which we do have some data on occupancy, but turnover and
make recommendations on what sort of policies would be appropriate for
Downtown. We expect to come back to Council to discuss recommendations
made here early next year. Also, the last piece in the parking management
kind of silo is the new parking website. If any of you have tried to log on to
purchase RPP permits this weekend, you probably ran into this website.
Right now this website actually has all of the data that exists on the existing
parking websites in a what we hope is a much more easily navigable format.
Our goal will be to update information as it becomes available with our new
programs in the next few months. Moving right along to the transportation
demand management piece. This silo or this piece of the program is really
about developing programs that can help incentivize people to use
alternative forms of transportation. I think the big project here, as most of
you know, is the Transportation Management Association or the Downtown
TMA, which is a third-party nonprofit group that will ultimately develop,
market and manage transportation programs for Downtown. There is a
steering committee for this group which is comprised of small business
leaders and representatives as well as larger stakeholders. They have met
regularly since January. Actually, I think the only month they haven't met is
August. They've been very busy. There's also a Palo Alto TMA website if
anyone's interested at paloaltotma.org. One of the biggest projects that the
TMA decided was imperative to move forward with before doing any sort of
more project development was a commute survey. The consultant team
hired EMC Research to conduct a statistically random and valid survey of the
Downtown employees. About 2,900 actual employees were surveyed, and
we received 1,170 responses, which is about a 44 percent response rate if
you look at the businesses out of the Downtown who are represented. EMC
used to support this analysis a scientific telephone sample which is a
company that basically has databases of employees. They also cross-
correlated that data with data from the steering committee as well as that

                                                                         Page 4 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
