                          TRANSCRIPT
adopted in terms of how to define when an individual project has a
significant contribution. The project's increase in delay does not meet those
standards.     That is why under CEQA we conclude that the project's
contribution to the cumulative impact is not cumulatively considerable or not
significant.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It seems to me there's a few assumptions in there.
One, the P.M. does not have people leaving the office. Maybe the people
working there are going to work until 8:00 at night.

Mr. Keene: Just for this and the ongoing conversation. I'm not taking
anything away from the point you're making. There's a tendency for us to
overlook the fact that the calculation of the cumulative impact is being
driven by growth in regional traffic. I'm not saying that there aren't
impacts. When you look at what's happening between Redwood City, for
example, and Mountain View and the Google projects, there's the potential
for significant cumulative impacts to continue to take place outside of our
borders. I'm not saying that that gives us a pass, but we do need to
remember that a lot of this is being driven by decisions outside our
boundaries.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That assumption being made on a regional basis means
that no single application is going to have a significant impact, because the
cumulative impact is the total of all these separate items. It's us who are
making the decision. We can't blame anyone else. No one in Sunnyvale
who works in Redwood City is going to drive down El Camino through Palo
Alto to get there.

Mr. Lait: The other part that provides guidance for us, when we're looking
at these environmental documents is that the City itself has established a
local threshold of significance to evaluate the cumulative impact of a
particular project to traffic. In this case, when you go from an "E" to an "F,"
what we're looking at is—presently this intersection is an "E"—cumulatively
it'll be an "F" as we look forward. The local threshold for what constitutes an
impact is if this project adds four seconds delay to the intersection. That's
our local standard for assessing whether there's an impact. That's our
standard; that's what we look at. That's how we've applied this standard to
not only this project, but all the other projects. That's the consistency that
we have when we look at this issue.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I can understand that, but I have a very hard time
understanding how tripling the square footage of office space at the P.M.
getting out of work time does not have a four-second impact on the corner
of Grant and Park.

                                                                        Page 74 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
