                          TRANSCRIPT
come from. As Council Member Scharff mentioned earlier, we aren't flush
with cash. We have enormous infrastructure needs. I'm proud of where
we've gotten so far, but there's still a lot more that we need to do. The
rehabilitation of historic buildings is the purpose of TDRs. I think we did a
great job in approving them by mandating that they be parked earlier. This
is Exhibit A as to why you would use them and the type of project you would
use them on. We have a precedent of using them in our community and just
did it last year. I think this is a perfectly reasonable instance to do it again.
I think we should wrap this up tonight; let everybody go and move on with
their plans as opposed to continuing to have it be in limbo.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you had your light on next.

Council Member Filseth: Probably not a huge surprise I'm not going to
support the amendment. The thing about TDRs is—you can see it from the
discussion here—$5 million is a lot of money. If we did TDRs, we'd only
have to pay 2 because we look at TDRs as free money. They're not free.
The cost of TDRs are the cost of density, as Council Member Kniss pointed
out. The fact that those costs are not transparent are actually part of the
seductiveness. They are going to be paid by residents well into the future,
and the costs are going to come in the future, not today. I think that's
exactly the reason we shouldn't be using them. I think if this project is
worth $5 million, then I think we should spend $5 million on it. If it's not
worth $5 million, then we shouldn't sort of try to do a dodge with TDRs. I'm
not going to support the amendment. I hope the amendment fails, because
without the TDR provision, I would support the main motion. If the TDR
provision goes into it, I'm going to have difficulty supporting the main
motion too.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm voting against the amendment. I think the goal
tonight is to have a unanimous Council supporting Avenidas. That's where
we should be tonight. What the amendment does at 11:00 at night, it said
let's have tens of thousands of new square footage beyond current zoning in
the Downtown. That doesn't have anything to do with what we're talking
about tonight. I think to have Staff come back and say here's some options,
maybe that's the best option we have. To utilize TDRs is not the right thing
to be doing.

Mayor Holman: I think maybe a clarification is warranted there.                 City
Manager, do you want to make it?

Mr. Keene: I did want to clear up the fact that the amount of square footage
that the TDRs would yield would be 8,700 square feet first of all.
                                                                         Page 88 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
