                          TRANSCRIPT
is that the existing rules would cease. We'd go into a gray zone where we
don't know what the rules are going to be and we don't know when that new
ordinance might come out. We don't know whether all the money that we
spent on design and whatnot and that whole package is going to be relevant
under any new system. It's very difficult for our tenants. We're trying to
work around them, so that it works for them. Now we're into "we think
you're going to be out by then," and then "we think you're going to be out
by such-and-such time." Consequently, it's very difficult for them. We've
had a lot of tenants drift away for understandable reasons. We cannot lease
the space because we don't know what kind of a lease we can offer. In fact,
we have empty retail storefronts which are not good for the City, us or
anybody else.

Rita Vrhel: Hi. I'm Rita Vrhel. Thank you for letting me speak on this. I
would support the cap going into effect immediately, but maybe it can be a
temporary basis for one or two years while the other issues that are being
brought forward to you tonight by the other speakers are considered. It
would allow for the concept of metered growth and offsets to be considered
further. The current projects in the pipeline should also come under the cap.
A few weeks ago there was considerable discussion about fundamentalism
and coming to see the Codes as something that should be enforced the way
that they were written, rather than the way that they are interpreted by
both the Planning and Transportation Commission and the ARB. The recent
election was pretty strong in that the residents, we who are lucky enough to
live here, would like slower growth, thoughtful growth and growth that is
spread out throughout the City, rather than concentrated in a certain area.
Putting a cap in now would allow the public as well as the City Council and
different departments within the City to come up with a Comprehensive
Plan. To not do anything means that we're going to continue to have
unfettered growth, in some areas extremely ugly buildings. If they came
before the City Council now, they would never be passed. It would also
allow the ARB and Planning Transportation Commission to see that the City
Council is asking them to enforce the Building Codes as they are written,
rather than they are interpreted. Also, what are we going to do about
water? How can we continue to have all these developments when the
residents are being asked to this year cut their water by 24 percent? Thank
you.

Council Member Kniss: If I can start on the pipeline, which is backwards
because that's toward the end of this. Planning Director Gitelman, could I
ask you to look at page 922 of our packet. That has the pipeline projects.
When you read it carefully, almost every one has something different about
it. If I'm looking at this correctly, the first one on here comes up tonight, so
that of course is in question. The second one is the one that's already done.
                                                                         Page 39 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
