                          TRANSCRIPT

reference in the agenda Item 28, which is the reference to the legislature's
special session on transportation, that many of the principles that have been
proposed in the letter on Item 28 are all very well aligned with the types of
priorities that Palo Alto has expressed to VTA and here in this
recommendation on priorities, clearly focus on innovation in methods for
transportation, first mile/last mile, a focus on non-single occupant vehicle
strategies and the like. Largely again, focusing and based upon the ongoing
discussion of the Comprehensive Plan, which is again another parallel path.
I won't go through the individual proposed principles we have here. We've
got them over the next few slides. They're here as reference points should
the Council want to dive into those individually. Last slide here, in terms of
the final recommendations, note that in thinking about the complexity of the
various conversations and the various venues in which the issue of
transportation funding is currently being discussed, the image of multilevel
chess comes to mind. Many moves at many levels happening somewhat
simultaneously. The projects list is again at its most simplistic level the
move we are needing to take in order to stay in sync with VTA's calendar.
At the same time, we recognize that the funding programs and how the
individual projects are rolled up, what that leads to in terms of being
specifically identified in the measure, whether the county measure is in the
best interests of the City of Palo Alto and how that all fits together. Finally,
Number 1 on our recommendations list is the potential for regional
partnerships where in coordination and partnership with our neighboring
cities, the potential to identify the common interests to ensure that North
County and potentially beyond the county boundary travel needs are met.
With that, Mayor, Council Members.

James Keene, City Manager: If I just might. Thank you, Ed, for that
comprehensive and still simple, I think, relatively simple presentation. You
have a lot on your agenda tonight. I imagine this will be an involved
conversation. You've got a number of people who want to speak. I would
just, leaving the recommendations up there, remind the Council that
Recommendation Number 2 is, in many ways, the driving component for this
item being on your agenda tonight. Harkening back to the fact that we all
sort of got an extension from VTA 'til the end of this month for the
submission of projects, clearly we need to have our project list put together.
That's not the list for the tax measure, but certainly the sense is what comes
out of the tax measure will be negotiated, arm twisting, whatever takes
place, based on what are in the project lists that are submitted and what the
policies are that we're advocating for. Item 2, Item 3 and of course Item 1
really incorporate some policies itself and, as Ed says, gives a little bit of a
move towards partnership in the northern/western portion of the county
                                                                         Page 51 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
