                          TRANSCRIPT
process, if you're interested in assembling anything on El Camino, then you
need to have your CEQA document set up before you can exercise eminent
domain. For that it really takes a lot of political vote. When we were
looking at parcels over Palo Alto, one of the problems is there's not that
much land that comes up for sale. You all know that. The second thing is
that if you're going to do site assembly, are we willing to exercise it? If you
can't enter into an agreement with property owners, is there motivation to
exercise eminent domain to assemble parcels? Sometimes on El Camino you
have parcels that are owned by not one person, but maybe three different
landowners owning adjacent properties. I just want to point that out to you.

Council Member DuBois: A question for Staff. What's going on with the
Courthouse? Is it being completely utilized? It seems like it's not very busy.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami: Several times we heard that they're thinking about
not using the Courthouse. I contacted the County about a year ago, asking
them if they were thinking about vacating it. He said, "No, not really."
Tommy Fehrenbach and I talked about it again. We didn't get a clear
answer. I don't think they're in the process of vacating it at this point.

Council Member Kniss: No, they're not.

Council Member DuBois: Commissioner Burt beat me to the punch. There's
a huge empty parking lot right across the street. It'd be great if we could
talk to them further. If we split some of the parking and put multiple
parking levels near the Courthouse and then not block Sherman and maybe
get some space on that parking lot. I'm the liaison right now to the
California Avenue merchants. They are unanimous in that they want more
parking as do the residents in that area. We would need to replace all the
units lost as well as build additional units. I'm a little bit worried that we're
talking about a monster garage if we take a parking lot away to put on a
Public Safety Building. The City Manager's comments about maybe there
would be parking on the Public Safety Building lot. We need to look at all
these parking lots and figure out how we maximize them. None of the sites
seem great. It seems like we're coming to consensus around Sherman
Avenue. On the PG&E site, I share the same concern about loss of revenue.
I go back to how many acres do we need and could you peel off 1 1/2 acres
and still get half the revenue from PG&E on the remaining 2 acres. That's
complicated and would probably take a lot of time. Thank you. Those are
my comments.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks to the Staff, to the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Commission and also to the members of the public who have come
to speak tonight and have been involved in this for a long time. It can't be

                                                                          Page 46 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
