                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and bullet point 5, ‘add
language on climate change adaptation and implementation.”

Mayor Holman: We're adding Bullet Points 4 and 5 on Page 3 to the Vision
Statement.

Ms. Gitelman: Just so I'm clear. Is that for the Vision Statement of Natural
Environment or for Safety?

Council Member Scharff: Yes.

Ms. Gitelman: Both "4" and "5" are for ...

Mayor Holman: Natural Environment.

Ms. Gitelman: Natural Environment.

Mayor Holman: Natural Environment, yeah. Where were we on—I'm sorry,
remind me here. Where were we on resource, conserving resources which
expands more than water and energy? Did we add that? I don't see it on
the screen. That's Bullet Point 2. Again, the Vision Statement only talks
about conservation of energy and—no, I'm sorry, it does. The Director said
it did refer to ...

Council Member Scharff: Conservation.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, conservation. I don't see any more lights. It looks
like we're prepared to vote on the Vision Statement as amended. It'd be the
current Vision Statement, to remove the last sentence of the Vision
Statement starting with "the City will be well prepared." Hard to remove
that, isn't it? And add Bullet Points 4 and 5 from Page 3 of Attachment A.
Vote on the board please. That passes unanimously, six Council Members
participating. Council Members Berman, Burt and Kniss absent. Thank you
for that.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: We will now go to looking at the goals. Who would like to
go first? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Scharff left the meeting at 8:30 P.M.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that the only—I guess my comments and
questions here relate to two areas. One is strengthening our climate change
language in the goals. The other is just which items we should pull out of
                                                                      Page 49 of 86
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/9/15
