                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Fisher: It was certainly something that was seared in my mind forever,
certainly for as long as I live. First, I want to give Joe and the team credit
for the preparation. I wasn't paying a lot of attention in '98, but it seems
like there's way more preparation now than there was by orders of
magnitude. In '98, I didn't even know where the creek was, I mean, more
or less. Of course, I do now. Tonight I want to talk about sandbags.
There's always talk about sandbags, but as it's explained—it's not really
explained—I think it's in a way misleading that somehow sandbags are an
answer. In fact, it could do more harm than good unless it's properly
explained. I have gone onto the Army Corps of Engineers' website, and I've
read materials. For example, in my home that was flooded in '98, 9 inches
of water inside of my home, sandbags are worse than useless; they're
harmful. You cannot turn your home into an island with sandbags. I did the
math on it. It's something like 3,000 sandbags to sandbag one home in Palo
Alto. You'd need 100,000 sandbags or more in order to protect the homes,
if that were even feasible. If you try to turn your home into an island, the
water will seep up from the ground, and the water will get in anyway. If
enough water builds up, the sandbags will collapse and you'll have a huge
rush of water which will do more damage than just the water by itself. If
we're going to talk about sandbags, I think that needs to be clearly stated.
You can keep a little nuisance water out of your garage, but you're not going
to protect your home with sandbags. What you can do—this got me
thinking. Sandbags, the way it's explained by the Army Corps, they're
intended to keep water in, not out of your house. They're intended to keep
water in a creek, in a lake, something like that. We have Pope-Chaucer
Bridge, the diversion dam that it is. It would be quite feasible to build a wall
of sandbags along Palo Alto Avenue, improving the situation for homeowners
in keeping more of the water in the creek. I'm not trying to be funny. I
think this is a very real possibility. If we cannot tear that bridge down right
now, I think that's a reasonable alternative. If a big storm is coming, build a
small wall of sandbags, close Chaucer and Pope. That's my comment for
tonight. If the City is not prepared to take these actions, will I be arrested if
I get 100 of my neighbors to go do it myself? That's an honest question.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Last speaker is Bruce Heister. Welcome.

Bruce Heister: Mayor Holman, Council people, I'm Bruce Heister, and I
reside at 107 Emerson Street, overlooking San Francisquito Creek. It also
happens to be the highest point on the whole creek system. Thank God.
Moved in there in October of '97, watched the creek rise in February of '98.
I'm here today to talk about help for the seniors. There's a lot of people
who remember '98. They're also 18 years older and cannot schlep sandbags
and need help in getting sandbags to their home. We're trying within
                                                                         Page 31 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
