                             MINUTES
Council Member DuBois recalled public comment that the RFP contained
exotic requirements. He asked if the Council could direct consultants to
segregate costs for any exotic requirements.

Mr. Fleming responded yes.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the RFP provided any direction
with respect to business models.

Mr. Fleming had requested consultants review wholesale, retail, and hybrid
models. A model could work in some areas of the country and not in other
areas. If the City had a solid competitor, picking the business model would
be the most important step.

Council Member DuBois was skeptical of the full retail model, but was
interested in seeing the results of the study. Electronics on either end would
need upgrades, but the cable would be fine. He asked if that was a good
way to think about the City's potential fiber network.

Mr. Reichental explained that the physical underlying infrastructure would be
necessary. Mobility and wireless would play a major role in the next decade
and beyond.

Council Member DuBois recalled Mr. Reichental's comment at the Retreat
that having a fiber backbone with wireless on top of it seemed the strongest.
Fiber was a base infrastructure that was as important as roads.
Communicating with the community on the plan, the specifics, benefits, and
costs would be the big challenge. The City should not wait on Google. He
emphasized the need for a marketing plan as that could be the largest
challenge. He wanted Staff to utilize public facilities to showcase true
gigabyte Ethernet. A city-owned fiber network would not necessarily have to
make a profit. Palo Alto had the opportunity to exercise foresight by
building out a fiber network.

Vice Mayor Schmid acknowledged the tremendous success of the City's fiber
program. The key aspect would be to engage the community in the
opportunities. It was important for the Council to receive minutes of the
Citizens Advisory Committee's meetings. The Google option was coming.
He inquired whether the City could prevent Google from providing fiber in
Palo Alto.

Mr. Reichental replied yes. Google made it clear the City would have to
embrace Google as a fiber provider if it selected Palo Alto.




02/02/2015                                                             116- 442
