                          TRANSCRIPT
which is reduction of greenhouse gas. What I wanted to ask you is any
sense at all that we're driving towards a particular style of home on this?
For instance, flat roofs are going to be much easier because of the solar
requirements than having more Spanish style or Mediterranean or colonial or
craftsman or something like that. That would be a concern of mine, if we're
going to drive Palo Alto to look like a bunch of flat-roofed houses in a
modern style. If that's what people want to choose, that's fine. That's my
concern. Are we doing that? Are we somehow limiting something that
people typically do, build a basement for instance? Anything like that that
we're going to change the way the built environment in Palo Alto looks,
ignoring landscaping for a minute. I mean a style of house you build and
that kind of stuff.

Mr. Pirnejad: Based on our interactions with the Green Building Advisory
Group which is made up of a variety of different architects, both residential
and commercial, we didn't get any of that feedback from them. It's more
"it's getting harder to build the home" and "it's getting harder to find
contractors that know how to construct the home in a way that meets our
tightness test." It's really that more than anything.

Council Member Scharff: When you say a "tightness test," what does that
mean?

Mr. Pirnejad: Imagine a house as a balloon with holes in it versus no holes
in it. We're trying to get the balloon to be as tight as possible, so it doesn't
lose any energy when it's being heated and cooled.

Council Member Scharff: Got it. In terms of the landscaping, we're driving
towards less lawn. That's what it looks like. You're allowed some lawn, but
driving towards less lawn. Are we allowing artificial turf and that kind of
stuff?

Mr. Pirnejad: Sure.

Council Member Scharff: Do we have any concerns that if we fill all the
backyards with artificial turf, that we're creating deserts?

Mr. Pirnejad: We’re not mandating the artificial lawns. We're mandating the
reduced water use. We always advocate for drought-tolerant landscaping.
That seems to be the growing trend.          The artificial turf has its life
expectancy and other, like you mentioned, problems. Like I said, we're
seeing more of the passive alternatives.

Public Hearing opened at 10:51 P.M.


04/20/2015                                                              117- 338
