                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Kawahara: In terms of the cost estimates that were included in the
analysis, we reviewed general contractor estimates provided by three
general contractors. They were provided for the developer. We had a
follow-up conversation with a couple of the general contractors in regard to
those estimates. The general contractor estimates did not break out the
construction cost for the parking garage. That's typical; they wouldn't do
that. It's not uncommon for underground parking garages to cost upwards
of $40,000 or more per stall.

Council Member Filseth: How many stalls are there in the garage?

Ms. Campagna: There's 57 underground.

Council Member Filseth: That would be 2 1/4 million. That seems low.

Mr. Kawahara: I threw the $40,000 out there because it's a common
number as a rule of thumb for underground parking.      Geotechnical
conditions come into play for each site. It varies.

Council Member Filseth: I'm curious. It says in the text that the allocation
of the cost of the garage to the residential units and the BMR units is based
on square footage area ratios. I think I saw that in here. Is that right?

Mr. Kawahara: We included the cost of the parking for the BMR units, that is
true, based on an estimate of the cost for the parking spaces. I'm trying to
remember the number that was used specifically. It was probably in that
range.

Council Member Filseth: It says here that the pro rata cost allocation was
based on a cost per net rentable square foot. In this analysis, the cost is
allocated based on gross building area including the area needed for
residential parking. I'm curious how much of the cost of the garage is
loaded onto the BMR units. If it's based on area, then the area usage for
parking is different between the office space and the residential space. I
was trying to figure out how much that was.

Mr. Kawahara: We did a similar calculation of what we just talked about in
terms of how many spaces were needed for just those five BMR units. I
don't recall now if it was the seven that we just came up, but it was
something like that, I think. That was the number that was assigned to
those BMR units.

Council Member Filseth: That's not what it says here. It says here it's done
by area. You've got 7,000 square feet out of 35,000 square feet. It's 15 or
20 percent of the area. Whereas, 7 over 91 is 7 percent.
                                                                     Page 131 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
