                          TRANSCRIPT
make enough revenue that it's worthwhile for them working with us and
helping us get our stuff out there, that that's the kind of thing that would be
open to negotiation. Correct?

Mr. Keene: It's like any agreement; it takes two to tango. There will be a
lot of back and forth.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, especially based on our last motion, I just
want to make sure we're not tying your hands. Again, one of the reasons I
think that's important is that our Utilities Department probably is not in a
position right now to handle—as great as our Utilities Department is, they
are pretty overworked, and we're going through some transition there.
They're probably not in a position to handle setting up and running our own
lit fiber network to all Palo Alto homes in the next few homes for sure. I
think that's something also worth considering during those negotiations. I'll
be supporting the motion. Thanks for clarifying that it doesn't tie your
hands.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. With that, there is a very lengthy
motion, so pardon me for not reading through the whole motion. It is the
Staff recommendation moved by Council Member Scharff and seconded by
Council Member Kniss to approve the Staff recommendations. With that,
vote on the board please. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: While we do have some shuffling probably of members of
the public, I do want to thank everyone for coming and also for your
patience as we work through a long agenda this evening. Thank you very
much.

21.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Establishing a Single
      Story Overlay District for 72 Homes Within the Greer Park Tract
      Number 796, by Amending the Zoning Map to Re-Zone the Area From
      R-1 Single Family Residential to R-1(S) Single Family Residential with
      Single Story Overlay. Environmental Assessment: Exempt From the
      California Environmental Quality Act Per Section 15305. The Planning
      and Transportation Commission Recommended Rezoning Only the 47
      Parcels With Frontage on Metro Circle and Moffett Circle.

Mayor Holman: With that, we move to Item Number 21 which is the Greer
Park single-story overlay. Adoption of an ordinance establishing a single-
story overlay district for 72 homes within the Greer Park tract by amending
the Zoning Map to rezone the area from R-1 single-family residential to R-
1(S) single-family residential with single-story overlay. The Planning and
                                                                          Page 106 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
