                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Burt: The amendment would be to direct Staff to return at
the second reading with revised language to Section D3 clarifying that
applicants will have the option to have a conceptual prescreening before the
Council in addition to an architectural prescreening before the ARB.

Ms. Stump: Yes, that's clear. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, are you good with that?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, that's fine. I'm good with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, is that fine with you? Staff is finding
that clear?

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return at the
second reading with revised language to Municipal Code Section 18.79.030
(d)(3), ‘that applicants have the option to have a conceptual prescreening in
addition to an architectural prescreening.’”

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, what we have before us is a motion
to adopt an ordinance to implement changes to the development project
preliminary review procedures by amending Title 18, Zoning, of the Palo Alto
Municipal Code. Incorporated into the motion is the preliminary review is
intended to focus on purpose, scope, conceptual design and other similar
matters and is not intended to involve review of complete drawings and
documentation. Additionally, to direct Staff to return at the second reading
with revised language to Section D3 on page 3 of the ordinance perhaps that
applicants have the option to have a conceptual prescreening in addition to
an architectural prescreening. With that, vote on the board please. That
passes unanimously. Thank you, Council Members.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

11.   Recommendation to Adopt a Healthy Cities, Healthy Communities
      Resolution to Define and Support the 2015 Council Priority Healthy
      Cities, Healthy Communities.

Mayor Holman:    With that then, we move then to Item Number 11,
recommendation to adopt a Healthy Cities, Healthy Communities Resolution
to define and support the 2015 Council Priority Healthy Cities, Healthy
Communities. We have some Staff here to make presentation and some of

                                                                       Page 54 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
