                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Although again, somebody may say what you say is minor is not
minor; it's major. Actually that probably differs amongst Council Members
even and between Councils from one era to another. I think what you want
to do is you're saying on top of everything else that we do, we do want a
way to see these things that maybe are below the waterline typically.
Within the course of a quarter, we would look at them. Now even if we
somehow put out something in a way that was more effective, that doesn't
necessarily mean the public has the opportunity to intervene with a decision
that's not only already made but needs to be made. It strikes me as a
different conversation that goes beyond Planning, which is to say we should
talk about this.        What are different avenues for how we want to
communicate and engage with the community, say, beyond just putting
something on the website? For example, even just the idea of should we
send out a geographic notice.           The fact is there's nothing that says
immediate geography includes who's most interested in an issue. We have
many people who come and speak to the Council who are not just an
immediate neighbor, but just have a Citywide interest in something.
Secondly we have the same issue even with the AlertSCC program which is if
we deluge people with too much information sometimes and they're not
interested in it, it actually sort of has a negative impact about people paying
attention. It just sounds like to me it's a concern you have about ensuring
that people know about stuff, but I don't know that we could solve that piece
of it right now in this piece.

Mayor Holman: I don't know what the exact answer is. I just do note that
in this language it says the interpretation shall become effective 14
consecutive calendar days from the date of posting unless appealed under
this section. That indicates that we expect people to be able to identify the
interpretation and within 14 days will have the ability to appeal. There
seems to be a disconnect between informing people and allowing for
appeals. That's what I'm trying to resolve. I apologize; I'm struggling with
this. I don't have a good answer for it.

Mr. Keene: How about if (inaudible) Twitter and people can sign up for
Twitter, and we'll tweet every time we make a decision. Seriously. Dump it
into someone's Twitter feed. If they're interested, they sign up and follow.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, would you be interested in that? If
someone wanted to sign up for notifications.

Council Member DuBois:         Mayor, if there's an interpretation around a
project, then all the notification would happen for the project. There would
be two things happening usually. The interpretation and then the actual
project itself.

                                                                        Page 67 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
