                         TRANSCRIPT
buildings. You have a police force, and you have power. You have the
power to tell people whether they may buy land and where and what they
may build on it and, having built on it, whether they may live in the house
that they have built. I don't know many kings with that kind of power. His
scepter shows the threat of armed power. Mercy is above this sceptered
sway. It is enthroned in the hearts of men, and earthly power doth then
show liketh gods when mercy seasons justice. I've asked you throughout
the year of some things that I think are good. I think you'd agree that
they're good. I've asked you to help me get the School Board not to destroy
the gym so you could put homeless women in it, because homeless women
have to be sheltered. They do. They do. I've asked you for teacher
housing because we have to have teachers; they have to be put some place.
By the way, all those people that just talked to you, if you had a place where
they could live for as much as they could live over in Stockton or Fremont,
then you wouldn't have to pay them so much. I've asked you about Buena
Vista. Many years ago, the County of Santa Clara invited those people, the
Buena Vista class, to people the area which is now in Palo Alto. Palo Alto
invited them to become members of Palo Alto. Then, a few more years
passed, and you unsubscribed them. You disinvited them. I think you
should down-zone Buena Vista again. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That concludes Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

5.   Approval of Action Minutes for the November 9 and 16, 2015 Council
     Meetings.

Mayor Holman: We go now to Minutes Approval. We have action Minutes
from November 9 and 16.

Council Member Scharff: So moved.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff and second by Vice
Mayor Schmid to approve the Minutes of November 9 and 16.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to approve the Action Minutes for the November 9 and November 16, 2015
Council Meetings.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. We need to vote again please.
There we go. That passes unanimously.


                                                                          Page 78 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
