                          TRANSCRIPT

he had no idea that we were actually doing this. I'm not sure that the rest
of the Council has known how often we've met or how intense the
discussions have been. It may be that going to Policy and Services may add
some more to this without having to either wordsmith it tonight or comment
on it tonight. Again, it depends. It would be nice to get it done by the end
of the year. I don't know how Policy and Services looks for their agenda.
Let's hear what others have to say. I wouldn't have any hesitancy to refer
it.

Mayor Holman: Just an interjection. From what the conversation was this
morning at pre-Council, the Policy and Services agendas are quite full.
That's just a point of information. It's not to try to influence.

Council Member Kniss: No, but I think that's important. If it's jammed 'til
the end of the year, I think it's important that we also pay attention to the
workload, because that's one more work for the Staff. It that's the case,
then I would support making the comments we're going to make tonight,
and then sending it back to Jim and—Council Member Scharff, did you offer
to work on this? He's on Finance.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:          Again, thank you for the work and the
presentation. I agree with the content and the purposes. There's a ton of
good stuff in there. It seems to build on a lot of things we're already doing,
which makes a lot of sense. I agree with Council Member Scharff's ideas to
soften it legally. I do have concerns around process. Like Council Member
Kniss said, I had no idea this was happening. I'd like to have been aware. I
don't think it was in any status report or the City Manager's monthly report.
Mayor Holman mentioned the Parks Master Plan, but that seemed to be a
very different process to me. I just went on the website and searched for
meetings for the Healthy City Committee; there's nothing. You search for
the Parks Master Plan, you get a ton of hits. I'm concerned about the
process. Also, we just got the report. I think Staff's been really good about
getting us reports ten days ahead of time. I'd like to see us continue to do
that. No criticism of the actual report; I just think if we don't get it in time,
we should move it to a different meeting. Again, reading the ordinance itself
with the softening, I would support it. I don't think it needs to go to Policy
and Services. I also don't think it needs a lot of additional funding. It
seems almost like sustainability in that it's built into our budget in a lot of
places. We heard about the Bike Plan earlier today. There's a lot of money
there that applies to the Healthy Cities. I just want to say I do object to the
                                                                          Page 67 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
