                         TRANSCRIPT
tunnel under Birch Street and connect to the basement level of the parking
garage, and then use that as a potential exit. As a potential plus side to
that, should there ever need to be future expansion of the Public Safety
Building storage functions, i.e., property and evidence or something like
that, maybe we could shift that into the basement of the public parking
garage in the far future, should that be necessary. However, if we choose a
public parking garage that doesn't have a basement, we wouldn't need that
tunnel and, therefore, we would develop a second ramp out of the Public
Safety Building garage on its own site. It's a design option.

Mr. Sartor: Let me speak to your comment about the two-story versus the
three-story options. The two-story option would require a lot coverage
variance. Also, the two-story option is a little more expensive than the
three-story option. Just so you're aware of that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm looking at the same type of thing. It's tempting
to go three stories knowing what's happening in that particular area, but I'll
be interested in hearing what others say. What would be the opportunity—
what would be the cost essentially for going down three levels for parking?
Given that the ground is essentially free, what range do you get into there?
I'm looking at packet page 1050.

Mr. Ross: This is an excellent question. I'm going to invite Matt Davis from
Waltry Design to speak to the degree of difficulty and cost of going another
level further down.

Matt Davis, Waltry Design Parking Consultants: Each level underground
increases cost by a factor of about 1.5 above the level above it. You have
the increased cost of the added walls and the added excavation and going
deeper in the ground and taller shoring walls. That would substantially
increase the cost. It'd be about 1.5 times as expensive as the second
below-grade level if you went to three.

Council Member Kniss: If you're looking at it that way, the first grade level
is 100 percent, the second is 150 and the third is 200?

Mr. Davis: Yeah. That's the general rule of thumb for going below grade.

Council Member Kniss: When we look back at this building—I realize none of
you were here when the building was put up probably—having the three
levels here really is critical. As somebody said, where is the money going to
come from? Already merchants are saying 460 spaces doesn't do it for

                                                                       Page 89 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
