                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Thank you, Madam Mayor. Carl, I thought that a special session
was being called, that the Governor sort of signaled a willingness to look at
something less than what was being talked about. More in the sort of $3
billion range. It was still sort of focused on infrastructure investment to get
the PCI index up. Is that ...

Mr. Guardino: Kudos to the Governor. What he had proposed in the last
week or so of session was over the next ten years revenue sources
combined—Mayor Holman alluded to a couple of them—that would generate
roughly 3.7 billion a year for ten years or 37 billion. That's more over a ten-
year period than we have ever invested in transportation in at least the
recent history of our state. The 2006 Proposition 1B, that was 19.925 billion
over ten years. This is double, almost double that amount. Yes, half of it
would have been for the state highways and half would have been for local
streets and roads. Not nearly the deferred maintenance needs on either, but
the biggest investment we would have ever made. He called a concurrent
special session of the Legislature a few months ago, but it didn't work. That
special session doesn't necessarily go away, but again he's not calling the
Legislature back into session, as you can see. They're going to have some
working groups over what they call the interim. It was unsuccessful.

Mayor Holman:     Just out of curiosity, was your group lobbying for that
passing?

Mr. Guardino: Yes. Yes, we were actually hoping it would be 6 billion per
year, though the Governor's 3.7 billion per year was still a considerable
chunk. The deferred maintenance on just our 50,000 highway lane miles in
California and 15,000 bridges, over the next ten years is 59 billion. Just the
deferred maintenance, no new projects, nothing for Caltrain, nothing for
expanding a single road.       Just the deferred maintenance just on our
highways. That's nothing for local streets and roads. What the Governor
tried to do to find common ground was over 10 years 37 billion, half for
state highways, half for local streets and roads. It would have still been a
huge help, but nowhere near the need.              We haven't invested in
transportation as a state and nation in a significant way in decades. This is
where we are, and that's why I'm here and that's why you're here, trying to
figure out how we pull ourselves up by our own bootstraps.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of last quick things. I was disappointed by the
letter we got back from VTA about the study. You referenced earlier, like,
how the three counties could work together, San Francisco, San Mateo and
Santa Clara County. Funding aside, currently just having a study that really
can demonstrate what the improvements can be and what the results of the
improvements can be, I think, would be greatly advantageous. I was really

                                                                        Page 89 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
