                         TRANSCRIPT
phones that people have in their pockets. Now, I'd like to hear from you.
We did that really fast.

Ms. DeMarzo: We did. Rhyena, did you want to add something briefly?

Rhyena Halpern: I just wanted to add that we're also coordinating with the
Public Arts Master Plan so that we're making sure that there is a line of
communication from the Public Art Master Plan to the Parks and Rec Master
Plan and the Comp Plan.

Ms. Goldstein: Having talked to so many people that are community
members, we really would like to hear from you as well, so that we can be
sure that we get everybody's point of view.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have one member of the public who would
like to speak to us too. That's Jerry Hearn, and you'll have three minutes.
Thank you, Jerry, for coming.

Jerry Hearn: Thank you very much, Mayor Holman. A few thoughts on this.
Thanks for the opportunity to speak on this tonight. We saw all those slides
before, and they're really quite inspiring. I had the pleasure of being invited
to sit in on a few focus groups and meetings. I want to commend Barbara
and Gail for doing a wonderful job of collecting information and listening,
and not just presenting. I think they got a lot of good input. During that
period of time, it kind of made me think a lot about art. I'm not an artist; I
don't consider myself an artist, but I'm an art aficionado. I do appreciate it.
I thought instead of what is the value of art. I thought that, as a student
and teacher of history, I always felt there was a critical tie between the art
and the cultural values and norms of any given period. Art actually offers a
window into understanding the mindset or the sight guides to that time and
its connections to our time. Art is often the bridge between those things.
Also as a teacher, I always saw art as another intelligence, another way of
someone who is maybe perhaps not quite so verbal to participate in the
social discourse and the discussions which was really critical to good
citizenship. I think of art as a vehicle of understanding and expressing some
deep knowledge and wisdom that cannot be captured in words. All this is to
say that I appreciate and completely support the efforts of Palo Alto to
secure a place in the public arena for artistic expression. I don't know what
the process will be as this Master Plan moves forward, but I strongly suggest
that it find a place in the Comprehensive Plan somewhere to ensure that this
important element of a civil community continues to be respected and
supported for the value it brings. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Marc Berman.

                                                                         Page 5 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
