                          TRANSCRIPT
services. What the White House didn't know—I actually talked to them and
they weren't aware of it—was that the Opportunity Center for nine years has
been providing permanent supportive housing to approximately 90 adults
per year, most of whom were chronically homeless before entering. Over its
nine years of operation, based upon these data, the Opportunity Center has
saved the City of Palo Alto, the County of Santa Clara approximately $9
million. Look at the Comp Plan. Goal C-3 of the Comp Plan establishes the
goal of "improved quality, quantity and affordability of social services
particularly for children, youth, seniors and people with disabilities." Where
are the homeless? Only in Policy C-20 does it say support and promote
services addressing the needs of the unhoused community. That needs to
be built on and expanded. The new Comp Plan must acknowledge the
benefit the City receives from the provision of housing and services to the
homeless through existing nonprofit organizations and must state explicitly
and in detail the ways the City in collaboration with the County will carry out
the pay for success model urged by White House spokespeople at the HRC
meeting. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Gail Price to be followed by Drew
and Kristy Dennison. When you hear your name called, if you can come to
the front, that would really help us a lot. Thank you.

Gail Price: Good evening. My name's Gail Price; I'm a resident of Barron
Park. I'm here to speak about the update of the Comprehensive Plan. We
live in a great community. The Comprehensive Plan is a critical policy
document. It is our chance to combine the qualities we enjoy now with new
and creative ways to address issues now and in the future. Collectively we
should and can do both. The Comprehensive Plan is a way to maintain and
create a vibrant, creative and inclusive community. We need to imagine and
act on a different vision of the future which embraces a mid-urban future of
stellar architecture that supports a vibrant, creative, diverse and sustainable
community, that meets the needs and aspirations of residents and
businesses. With population and job increases regionally, the transportation
challenges will continue. We need more flexible policies and programs.
There are three areas I'd like to touch on; housing and land use is the first.
My concern is that price and construction costs and zoning constraints will
continue to limit our ability to create more and different housing options that
can begin to address both current and future demand. Our community
members, both property owners and renters, want choices. The extremely
limited capacity and costly options will only get worse unless we provide
incentives and re-imagine our future. The expansion of housing will help to
reduce some prices.        Housing types should include micro-units, small
houses, accessory dwelling units and a range of co-housing options. We
need to intensify development of all forms of multifamily housing adjacent to
                                                                        Page 34 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
