                          TRANSCRIPT
wants to have with our City and the truth is Palo Altans feel so strongly. It's
one of the amazing qualities of folks in our community. Our Open Data
initiative is a desire to ultimately open government up, make it easier to
access, of course, actual opportunities, without having to run for office, to sit
with the Council, to serve on a Board or Commission or to volunteer. I'm
not just talking about volunteers that might do work just in the community,
but all the different Friends groups that we have who volunteer their time to
actually serve and improve services that we have. Almost done. The
outside world, again, continues to recognize our efforts across a range of
issues. We once again get recognition in both our financial practices and
documents and in our budgeting from the key professional evaluators.
We're going back in the 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 straight years of those awards.
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center, again LEED Platinum
designation, one of the highest scores ever, 92 out of 100; Community
Improvement Project of the Year by the American Society of Civil Engineers,
Outstanding Public Project by the Santa Clara Valley Urban Runoff Pollution
Prevention Program. The Magical Bridge Playground. Rinconada Library,
lots of recognition, Stanford Heritage Award Project of the Year, American
Public Works Association Silicon Valley Chapter Historical Preservation
Award, and Rinconada Library was one of the three California Preservation
Foundation awards. The other two were for the Sea Scout Building down in
the Baylands and for the Edgewood Office Building at the corner of the
Edgewood Plaza Shopping Center. You all will recall a couple of months ago
when the Mayor came back from the event, we reported that out of the 485
cities in California there were 18 preservation awards given in the entire
state by the California Preservation Foundation, and Palo Alto got three of
them, a City of 66,000 people. The Sustainability Award from Acterra
recognizing our multiyear work.         The recent American Public Works
Association accreditation, one of only a couple of cities in California to
receive that recognition. We continue to be one of the top digital cities from
the Center for Digital Government. Fifth Most Livable City in the U.S.
Remember we used to be number one, but our rising cost of housing has
been knocking us down the past year or two. As we look forward to next
year, I don't mean by any means to say that these are the only issues, but
they're just illustrative to point out both the ongoing work on some big
projects and some issues we're clearly going to be paying attention, all of
which in many ways are make or break kinds of issues for our community.
How we get through this potential El Nino winter and ultimately get the final
permits and the ability to move ahead with the construction from the State
and the Federal government on San Francisquito Creek. Big and important
work on our Fiber to the Premise initiative to pursue as best as we can
ubiquitous, 100 percent fiber access potentially to every place in Palo Alto.
Lots of transportation issues, particularly in the realm of the TMA. Climate
Action Plan, we'll be having a Summit on the 24th and a big component sort
                                                                         Page 10 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
