                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to interview all applicants for the Architectural Review Board on June
4, 2015.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council
Member Kniss to interview all candidates. Vote on the board please. That
passes unanimously with Council Member Filseth not present.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: Colleagues, before you at places you have a memo to
remove Agenda Item Number 12, which is the BID Public Hearing, and
reschedule it to a date certain of June 29 at 6:00 P.M. or thereafter. Could I
have a Motion please?

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
continue Agenda Item Number 12- PUBLIC HEARING: to Hear Objections to
the Levy of Proposed Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business
Improvement District and Adoption of a Resolution Confirming the Report of
the Advisory Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2016 on the
Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District to June 29, 2015 at 6:00
p.m. or thereafter.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Burt, second by Vice Mayor
Schmid to move this item, the BID public hearing, to June 29, 2015. Seeing
no other lights, vote on the board please. That passes unanimously with
Council Member Filseth not present.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Members of the
Council. As I announce, now I'm announcing after the fact, last Thursday,
May 14th, tens of thousands of regular and first-time Bay Area residents
biked to work for the 21st Annual Bike to Work Day, part of National Bike
Month. Our City hosted its four energizer stations, running from Monroe
Park on the southernmost part of town up to the Alma crossing into Menlo
Park. We had over 30 volunteers who staffed those stations, the others at
City Hall and the new California Avenue Plaza, where they were greeted by
the Mayor as they arrived. Council Member Filseth was able to ride with us.
I know there were some other Council Members who wanted to and whose
schedule conflicts just wouldn't accommodate it this year. Despite the rainy
                                                                         Page 4 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
