                          TRANSCRIPT
tonight. Would you please stand and we'll acknowledge your leadership and
efforts? Is Ms. Langston here? If you will come down to the podium, the
City Clerk has something for the three of you in recognition of your efforts.
Thank you for your leadership, your initiative. We look forward to the
results.   Thank you very much.       Gil, would you care to start your
presentation?

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Mayor
Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid, Council Members, citizens, I'm Gil Friend. I'm
the Chief Sustainability Officer for the City. You created the Office of
Sustainability about a year and a half ago to bring focus to the City's many
sustainability efforts and to help set a direction for the next phase of Palo
Alto's sustainability leadership. We're here tonight to summarize what we've
been doing, discuss where we might be going and to invite your guidance on
the work that's ahead. Before I start, I'd like to acknowledge my Staff,
Benjamin Privitt and Sarah Isabel Moe here at the dais with me, as well as
about 20 members of City Staff who have worked on this report including
Shiva Swaminathan from Utilities, Julie Weiss from Public Works and quite a
number of others. Over the next 15 or 20 minutes, I'd like to walk through
these topics: to look at the trends both broadly and in this community; the
status of our work, the approaches that we're taking in moving forward on
Sustainability and the Climate Action Plan; and share some observations
about where we are and some of the actions that stand before us; and of
course talk about next steps. Let me start with some trends. I want to also
acknowledge the City Attorney's office who has advised us and guided us on
this presentation and noticed that there are a number of legal issues that
we're going to have to look at as we move into these conversations. I want
to offer that disclaimer here. We're in a world that's getting a lot hotter.
We're in the western United States, where it's getting a lot wetter. We're in
a utility industry that's getting riskier. This chart shows the weather-related
utility outages over the last 20 years in the United States. We're in an
environment where cities are getting bolder in the kinds of actions that
they're taking. These are goals of the C-40 cities around the world. I call
out Melbourne, Australia and Copenhagen, Denmark who have set goals of
100 percent climate neutrality, in the case of Copenhagen by 2025 and in
the case of Melbourne by 2020. Here in California and just in the last few
months as we've been putting this report together, we've seen a number of
bold declarations from our leaders. Governor Brown has set new energy
policy targets for California. President Obama has set them for the United
States. Governor Brown in the last couple of weeks set new water goals
including the reduction targets that we are grappling with now on Staff.
Some of our colleague communities. Los Angeles, California just in the last
month released their Climate Action Plan which includes in addition to
looking at a mode shift of 50 percent out of private vehicles—imagine that

04/20/2015                                                             117- 284
