                         TRANSCRIPT
was a pretty undefined piece of the City's RFP. It's something we are going
to have to talk to Suzanne about as a follow-up. Later on, I touch on the
survey again in Item 10. I'll just hold on that for right now.

Chair Burt: Can you pause on that one?

Ms. Figone? Sure.

Chair Burt: Now that you've got us thinking about the biennial direct report
feedback, it makes me question do we need every year to update the
comparable agency survey. It's not going to change very much from year to
year. I don't know if that's an exercise we have to do annually or not.

Council Member Kniss: What amount of time do we think it takes? Some of
this, which you've indicated, was field process was perhaps too elongated,
and you're looking for ways to make it more crisp. Am I right?

Ms. Egan: That's what we're looking for. You have a very elaborate
process. We think there are some opportunities for efficiency.

Council Member Kniss: We're a very elaborate city.

Ms. Egan: You are. You're special in so many ways. It's about a $3,000
tool, step. It takes 20 hours at the most. We want to get the original
documents from each agency and make sure they're right. It's a total
compensation survey, and there are four different classes with unique cities
that we look at. If we go back and do that again, we were going to talk with
Suzanne about whether those are the right cities and the right matches. We
just replicated everything that was done by your previous consultant,
including the methodology. There are some things we will change out to
make it a better document for you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If I could just make a general comment about going to
a two year on the compensation, on the direct report surveys. Over the last
three or four years, we actually increasingly moved to a six month review, to
put in a six month review, which we felt was important, in between the
yearend reviews as a sort of catch-up evaluation, how are we doing and so
on. It seems funny now to be talking about let's look at a two year horizon.
It seems to be moving in the opposite direction.

Ms. Egan: We want to be clear. It's just for parts of it. We think you
should evaluate your employee every year. It's just you go and do the
elaborate full pieces of it.



                                                                                   Page 17 of 39
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                            Transcript: 12/16/15
