                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Members of the Council, the City's policy is that dewatering
ceases on October 31st. I think there are one or two projects where the
permit was extended for a few days. We're in the season where dewatering
stops. I will also point out that right now scheduled on the December 8th
Policy and Services Committee meeting, we'll be bringing the subject of
dewatering, the City's policies in that regard in discussion before the Policy
and Services Committee on December 8th.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Stephanie Munoz.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Can
you hear me?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Ms. Munoz: Thank you. I want to agree with my fellow (inaudible) member,
Cybele, about the need for housing for the homeless and for homeless
women. I think that the City should begin with housing the unhoused who
could in fact pay for their own housing without subsidy if the units were
made available to them. One of these things are senior citizens, almost all
of whom receive Social Security. It's about $800 a month for a single
person or a widowed person; that's the minimum. That's well enough to pay
for SRO, single room occupancy homes for seniors. They could be put on
every public building, and they could be put lots of other places if you were
willing to go up high enough, which you have the right to do for a public
benefit. The other thing, of course, is teacher housing. I decided last night
maybe I've been making a mistake thinking that everybody understands
that we have to have teachers. No, maybe you don't understand that.
Maybe all of you—I know you're smart and you're able, assiduous,
perspicacious, persistent, all those good things. Maybe you didn't need a
teacher. Maybe you taught yourselves to read all by yourselves. Could be,
some people do. Quadrilateral equations and all those things. The ordinary
people—I think of myself as an ordinary person, but not below average. We
need teachers. Last night, I was trying and trying and trying to get the
computer to give me a little screen so I could write what I wanted to say.
Couldn't do it, just couldn't do it. I have three computers. I have a family
and friends; they can all understand these computers, but I don't have a
teacher. We have to have teachers. You cannot allow land in Palo Alto to be
developed as anything else while you are busily forcing up the price so that
teachers can't afford to live here. You do see that this is a vicious cycle. In
order to pay for the schools, you want more taxes. To get more taxes, you
have to have more assessed value, so you zone for higher use. Goody. You
get higher use and you get more taxes, but the teachers can't afford to live
here. Thank you. Bye-bye.

                                                                        Page 11 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
