                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Somewhat quick and a comment on this. This is
about our City, and it doesn't matter what Mountain View's City Hall looks
like. The comment that we spend $100,000 all the time, I know that’s' true.
If we saved $100,000 a month, we could fund the Animal Shelter. We could
fund four Palo Alto CLEAN programs. It is significant even though we've got
a big budget. The real question is, is this what Palo Alto residents want.
The one thing that occurs to me thinking about this is none of us want City
Council to sit here and design this thing. One way we might do this is come
up with—I'll see what Council Member DuBois thinks—what we think the
savings of this is going to be, and then let Staff work within that constraint
so they can optimize within it.        If they can find some more money
somewhere else, then we apply it to this and that. We don't really want to
tie their hands too much; we just want to right-size this.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't have a design background. I also am not
a big fan of designing from the dais. I appreciate Mayor Holman raising her
concerns about the design of the "City Hall" podium sign in front of the main
entrance. I felt similarly, and I appreciate her vocalizing it. I share her
opinion about that. The question for Staff is, if we took either or both the
one in front of the police station, opposite the library, and also the arch sign
in front of the main entrance, if we move them onto the building and
somehow took the current signage and made it with the current lettering
that's on the windows and somehow made it more prominent, how much
would that save us cost wise?

Mr. Keene: These guys can try to figure out the cost. If I might speak to it.
My own view is that the back of the building signage is more critical than the
front. It's a terrible entrance for the police building. The thought was to link
it to the library, not just mimic it but have people realize this is a little bit
more of a campus situation. We're even looking at whether there's a
potential for a slightly raised crosswalk there. It'd be a little traffic calming.
The library is tucked away; it's a very low scale. We wanted to pull that
together. The actual original design was for a bar to be across the buildings,
mounted on the building without this separate, freestanding arch. I don't
know what the cost is, but obviously if each one's $15,000, there's a lot of
cost in that fabrication of the arch itself. It was the ARB who suggested—on
the City Hall one in particular because those vertical elements are so strong,
it did get a little busy trying to make out the words "City Hall" criss-cross.
That's one of the reasons they thought pull it back. It's a little weird being
so far from the building. Again, we're Staff. They're your ARB. Part of our
job is to work with the appointed bodies that you have and only you all if
you want to go in a different direction. I'm having to guess you save about,
whatever that number was, $35,000. What do you think we save? Cut it in
half at least.
                                                                           Page 29 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
