                          TRASNCRIPT
spaces, I don't think those parking places are posted for library patrons only
and with a time limit. I think it would be appropriate to put that on there. I
don't disagree with the comment about giving away that service for free, but
I think also if they were posted for that, it kind of gives people the message
of, like, what the appropriateness is in terms of use. Quick question about
College Terrace. I think I know the answer to part of this, but if you would
indulge me. On the back side, you've got College Terrace and collections,
and you've got 20,000 items—I'm rounding off—20,500 items in the
collection there. Is that maximized to the space?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: You mean is that pretty much all it can hold?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: I think it's actually more than technically it's supposed to
hold. We've done a lot with the children's collection there, because of the
adjacency with the daycare and the families using it. It may be that it's a lot
of thinner books. It's pretty much a one-in-one-out kind of situation. When
we do the comparison for you, I'll include what the projected capacity was
when they did that. We use a system now for floating collections. When an
item's returned, it's just put on the shelf where it lives, so every day it
changes. I'll get you that information.

Mayor Holman: Going back to the front page here, the front side of this.
The College Terrace visits for customer count. It's 57,500 compared to
Rinconada which is 54 1/2 and understanding there that there was a month
that Rinconada was closed. We're changing the hours and days on the
libraries. I'm glad for the expanded hours, but we're cutting back College
Terrace, back to what it was previously. Right?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: No, actually College Terrace is going back to what it was
when we started construction. We changed that hours at College Terrace
while Main went to a temporary location, so that we could accommodate
more people. It was always projected to go back to ...

Mayor Holman: I think we're saying the same thing, but maybe I didn't say
it as clearly as you.

Ms. Ziesenhenne:    Say it a different way, okay.   Yes, it has gone back to
what it was.

Mayor Holman: My question is, if there were—that meant it was closed.
What was the schedule of College Terrace before these hours?



                                                                        Page 13 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
