                          TRANSCRIPT
where founders live is usually where the start-ups go to. For the last 15
years, I've had a great time in Palo Alto, but I can no longer afford to live
here. My rent has gotten hiked four times in the last four years, and so I'm
looking into other options right now. The reason I'm here is just to highlight
the need to provide more housing options in the future of Palo Alto,
especially near transit and services. I really do think it's important for a
community and for diversity. Thank you for your time. That's all I have to
say.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. John Kelley to be followed by Asher Kohn.

John Kelley: I really like hearing what all the previous speakers had to say.
I guess I’m here tonight in part because of this cover. When the Weekly
covered this last time, it made it seem as if millennials were the only ones
who are concerned about housing issues in the community. I want to make
clear that that's not the case. I think there are many people my age or
older I would categorize as either seniors or soon to be seniors, and I think
we have needs about housing which are as important and perhaps more
demographically significant in certain respects for this community. You're all
very well aware that Palo Alto is aging rapidly. I don't know what the exact
statistics are, but more or less we're going to have twice as many people, I
think, my age or older within the timeframe contemplated by the
Comprehensive Plan review. I would also suggest to you that you have—
I've been here a couple of times in the past. I'll probably keep saying that
you really do have a trifecta of concerns that should be considered together,
in my view. One, you have the planning process. Secondly, you've got the
sustainability process as outlined in the S/CAP procedures. Thirdly, you
have the healthy cities initiative which I was here speaking about last week.
I see all of these issues as being deeply, deeply interconnected. In terms of
a vision, what you're talking about tonight, and goals for the Comprehensive
Plan review, I would like to give you a few simple suggestions. One is we
need more housing. There's no question about that in my mind. Secondly,
we need not just more affordable housing but, as the previous speaker said,
more moderately priced housing. We need a lot of it, not just a little bit.
We need a lot of it. Thirdly, we need a greater range of housing types. Palo
Alto has had historically a huge number of single-family homes and a
relatively small number of homes that are multiunit. I think we need much
greater diversity of housing alternatives, and I think we need it particularly
in the multifamily context. I really liked what Ms. Burt had to say. The only
suggestion I'd make is, I think half a mile is way too limited. I think if
you're considering locating housing, particularly higher density housing,
close to transit, if you're going to put a limit on it, it should be more like a
mile and a half or a mile at least, because that's how far people can walk.
Finally, I would like to commend all of your for agreeing unanimously, as far
                                                                         Page 37 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
