                          TRANSCRIPT
from here is this little thing. It's a building on the back. I can actually give
you the paper, so you can take a look at it. This building will have huge
impact. They just silently laughing and very happy that you are still
discussing it. What should be discussing here is a two-story building, how to
make it look appropriate for this site. Please don't call it a modern design;
it's not modern. It's outdated, last century way to build cheap.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Stephen Levy to be followed by Sally Ann Rudd.
Again, if speakers would come to the front when you hear your name called,
that would be most helpful. Thank you. Stephen Levy.

Stephen Levy: You have my best wishes for your Study Session that
follows. Dave Price said they followed the rules. Jonathan said project is
Code-compliant. That sets a pretty high bar for me. The size and uses are
legal. The in-lieu money can be used by the City for transit options for
workers for building additional garages. As several people have said, it
meets the City's guidelines for a mixed-use project. You'll have better
seismic safety.     There are green elements and active transportation
elements. That's a really high bar. I'm not going into the "I don't like it." It
feels too subjective to me, with the one exception that I gave you in my
letter. I live on a smaller street, Gilman, on which you are considering two
parking garages. There are far, far, far, far more people who live next to
what could be a parking garage that backs up to my bedroom. What are we
supposed to do? Say we don't like it; it'll inconvenience us, if that's your
best decision for a parking lot? Just like I didn't agree with what you did on
the office cap, I will work with you to support it, because it's what you did
and you had the legal right to do it. Finally, I don't know all the projects,
but this feels to me like the last major project that's left over before we test
your adoption of the office cap limitation. I'd like for all of us to go into it
with clean hands. This has been around for a while; it's Code compliant; it
has some public benefits. I urge you to approve the project as modified.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Sally Ann Rudd to be followed by Sam Arsan.

Sally Ann Rudd: Sally Ann Rudd, 354 Poe Street, Downtown North. I am a
26-year resident of Downtown Palo Alto. If you can't look at a building and
have a subjective reaction to it, then I don't know how you're supposed to
assess a project like this. When I see it, I see something that maybe
belongs in Sunnyvale next to Lockheed Martin. I don't see something that
belongs in Downtown Palo Alto next to some lower buildings and opposite
the President Apartments which is a very tall building, but it's very elegant
and it's in a completely different style. I see no redeeming features in this
building, and it is very massive. There are other massive buildings in
Downtown Palo Alto, but in the location that this one's going to be located, I

                                                                            Page 11 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
