                          TRANSCRIPT
homes, the feedback from the leadership team. That's the only place I know
that does it.

Mr. Keene: I only bring this up by the idea of thinking what is the value of
getting a direct report to the CAOs about how we're doing and not being
interested in getting a direct report for how you guys are doing. It's a
worthwhile question to bring up. In one sense, without both of them you
don't get an accurate picture. I think it's safe to say that a fair amount of
the commentary, even in my direct reports, involves the organization as a
whole not just me—I'm not taking myself off the hook for the evaluation—
and the Council also. In many ways if you were to start to talk to the
organization as a whole, many employees would have a very difficult time
differentiating me from you guys. They would throw me in with the Council
a lot.

Chair Burt:    What good are you if we can't have you blamed for our
(crosstalk)?

Mr. Keene: That's a whole other thing. That's why acknowledging the
subjectiveness of evaluations is actually good and then have a subjective
conversation. That's what relationships are really about, about how people
are perceiving and seeing things and to be able to talk about it. To be
honest with you, the tendency to want to quantify it is almost an attempt to
avoid talking straight about what you think is going on. Just some initial
comments.

Council Member Kniss: I think the comment about judging the Council is
interesting. I've always felt we get judged whenever we run for office very
objectively. You do count those (inaudible), what that outcome was.

Chair Burt: Who else would like to go next? Harriet.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor: I'd like to add a little to what Jim has been
saying about the direct report comments. When you have a very small
office like I do, I can almost tell you who said what. Even though it's
anonymous, I can pick out who said what. Something to think about in the
way the questions are asked. Are they asked in a way that solicits genuine,
objective feedback or are they written in a way where people can just say
something that you know someone can tack onto them. In another sense,
talking again about the direct report surveys. For me, my role is different in
a way than the other three CAOs.             I'm really doing evaluations of
departments and not working with the departments in the same way that
everyone else does. Over the year that I've been here, I've heard a lot
about prior processes, prior audits, rigidity, everything's black and white and
no negotiation, that sort of thing. As I've really tried to emphasize the
                                                                                    Page 28 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
