                          TRANSCRIPT
onto the Citizen Survey. This was the 12th annual National Citizen Survey.
The National Research Center in collaboration with the International
City/County Management Association, commonly known as ICMA, conducts
the survey on our behalf. The survey gathers resident opinions across a
range of community issues including services provided, governance,
planning, environment and quality of life. In the past, we issued 1,200
surveys. This year we increased the number to 3,000, hoping to get a
better response and also it allowed us to distribute the surveys by
geographic areas in an attempt to learn more about how citizens respond.
Seven hundred ninety-six households returned the survey. That was a 27
percent response rate. The National Research Center weights the responses
in the end to reflect the community population. When they weight a
response, it's trying to take into account a variety of demographics, such as
the male/female population, the age population. It will give an answer a
little bit less or more weight to make it more reflective of the general
population. That's a pretty typical survey technique. It helps make the
margin of error more reliable. Of the 3,000 surveys, we had a north-south
distribution similar to what we did last year. There were 1,391 surveys
distributed in north Palo Alto with a 25 percent response rate. South Palo
Alto had a 30 percent response rate with 466 of the 1,609 surveys being
returned. The neighborhood groups included in each of those are on page 4
of the survey report. In addition by increasing the number of surveys to
3,000, we were able to divide the City into six geographic areas. That's the
maximum that the NRC, the National Research Center, can manage with the
way their software works. We did them more in geographic, adjacent
communities, trying to keep them as even as we could. We had six areas.
The neighborhoods in those areas are shown on page 4 of the report. The
response rates for those areas ranged from a low of 20 percent in Area 5 to
a high of 38 percent in Area 1. We also received two responses that the
area could not be identified, and we're not quite sure how that happened.
The NRC could not identify which neighborhood it came from. In your
handout, the second handout is a margin of error report.               The NRC
calculated margins of error for each of the areas overall, which is shown on
this slide. In the report that you have at your desks, we calculated the
margin of error for each question and each area within each question. It's a
comprehensive report that shows the low, the high and the median overall
for each of those results. You can see that those results do vary. Overall
we have a pretty good margin of error, 3.8 percent overall. That means if
we redid the survey, the responses would be similar plus or minus 3.8
percent of the original responses. This next chart shows some of the key
results for the livability questions. These are the residents who responded
by rating the quality of service or the quality of life in Palo Alto as excellent
or good. I ranked in order of higher to lower when I put them on this chart.
One of the things I also did was I put what the benchmark was. The
                                                                          Page 3 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
