                         TRANSCRIPT
The reason I say that is that some of the things that we would consider for
that longer range eventuality might actually be beneficial for us now in the
shorter terms. Those are the kinds of questions that we are looking at in the
Climate Plan process. Thank you for your thoughts.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the report. One thing
that, as you heard, I mentioned during our immediately prior to this Study
Session with the Utilities Advisory Commission was the issue of rainwater
capture. As I alluded to, this is something that probably incorporates
multiple departments. You might be well poised to help facilitate at least a
discussion about this. I'm curious if you have any thoughts that you'd like to
share about rainwater capture, whether from storm drains, from properties,
in the design of new buildings and future design of our streets, etc.

Mr. Friend: Rainwater capture is certainly one of the options that we need
to consider. As I mentioned before, Los Angeles is looking at getting 50
percent of their water use from rainwater capture. You look at a city like Los
Angeles (LA), about three-quarters of the city is paved; most of their rainfall
goes not just down the drain to the sea but through sewage treatment
plants to the sea, incurring great expense. They're seeing really significant
economic benefit from shifting that strategy to a capture and storage
strategy. We might want to look at that. We're already incorporating gray
water readiness into the Green Building Ordinance.          In the coming
Ordinance, we'll be looking at net zero water as well as net zero energy.
There are of course questions of when and how, what are the mechanisms,
how do you ensure that it's cost effective, how do we ensure that the
tradeoffs can deliver on the requirements that we put forward. We're
already seeing a number of net zero water buildings being built in the west.
Somebody made a design decision to figure out how to do that. With a
combination of efficiency of water use, water capture and water recycling off
and onsite—in the building itself, not down to a sewage treatment plant and
back—we're seeing the beginnings of the development of that kind of
building technology. Certainly something we should look at. If we do move
to a more mobility-based strategy and if that in fact requires less parking
garages and less road surfaces to provide the mobility benefits that the
community needs, then one of the possible benefits is you have more land
available for water capture among the other kinds of functions that land can
serve. Decarbonizing may be tied into de-paving; we'll see how that goes.
In all the things we're looking at, we need to consider what are the local
resources that we have. The sun that falls on the community. The rain that
falls on the community. How do we capture and use those resources most
effectively right here?




04/20/2015                                                             117- 291
