                          TRANSCRIPT
have amended the Municipal Code at that time. What was your plan on how
to contend with the way the Code is currently written? Should we as an
interim measure put a nominal fee in there and then we've abided by the
current Code until we get it corrected in a month and a half or something?

Ms. Gitelman: Staff's feeling is that if the Council has been comfortable in
the past with interpreting this section of the Code as not applying, if the
applications are brought to the PTC for initiation, shortly after receipt we
would be happy to continue that practice until this cleanup amendment of
the Code could be adopted.

Council Member Burt: I get that. This may be a question for the City
Attorney. We could potentially get a legal challenge from property owners
who want to build a second story. If we didn't follow our Code, are we
jeopardizing our position?

Molly Stump, City Attorney:         It's very difficult to imagine that that
subsection of the Code that includes the fee would be interpreted by any
court as establishing a substantive right of that nature. As you were starting
this discussion, I was going the same place in my mind. It's always the best
practice, of course, to interpret the Code according to its plain meaning.
There's some tension in the historical practice and the proposed way of
proceeding with that approach, which the Council has been urging City Staff
towards that as a general matter. It is a good idea at the earliest possible
time to clean up the Code and remove the reference to the fee or provide
explicitly that the fee would be zero.

Council Member Burt: In the interim, if we charged $100, I don't think
that's going to be a big problem with any of the neighborhoods who are
applying. If it puts us in a stronger position, I don't have a problem doing
that. If you don't think it's necessary, I don't have a problem going that
way either.

Ms. Stump: It would be fine to do that, but I don't think it's an appreciable
different in terms of the legal situation. There is not much of a risk here, if
any, of a challenge. Appreciate the question.

Mayor Holman: We have an interim period here where single-story overlays
have not been created yet, but applications may be in process. What will
happen to applications that come forward for two-story homes? How will
those be processed and considered?

Ms. Gitelman: Our obligation will be to consider any applications that come
in in the context of the Municipal Code as it currently exists. Obviously we
would give applicants an awareness and understanding that there are
                                                                         Page 50 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
