                         TRANSCRIPT
congregate and wait for the signal. Next location is Alma Street. On Alma
Street, what we've proposed is to actually construct a median from Alma
Street all the way past Park Avenue that will help with the future quiet zone
requirements for the CPUC and Caltrain.         At this location also in the
eastbound direction, we're proposing to pull the limit line to be west of the
railroad tracks. That's intended to improve safety so that cars and bicyclists
will not be caught on the tracks during red light. In the westbound
direction, we're extending the two lanes approaching the intersection by
about 500 feet to improve storage during red signal time. Next location is
near the Herbert Hoover Elementary School between Carlson Court and
Nelson Drive.      At Carlson Court we've made some improvements by
incorporating corner bulb-outs at reduced crossing distances. On the north
side of the road leading to the bike path along Herbert Hoover Elementary
School, we've expanded the sidewalk to allow two-way bicycle movement
along that sidewalk. Students coming from Carlson Court would be able to
access that bike path safely. Also, along the Hoover driveway, we've
incorporated a raised median basically from Carlson Court all the way to
Nelson Drive. That will prevent left-turning movements from eastbound
Charleston onto the driveway to the elementary school as well as the senior
housing and the church. Any left-turning movements will be done using a U-
turn movement at Nelson Drive and making a right-turn movement into
those driveways. The Nelson Drive intersection signal will be improved so
that U-turns will have a protected phase. If you're going eastbound on
Charleston and making a U-turn at Nelson, you'll have a protected phase.
Same thing if you're going westbound on Charleston and wanting to make a
left turn onto Nelson. That will be a protected movement as well. Next one
is at Middlefield Road. At Middlefield Road in the westbound direction, again
we moved the lane merge from west of the intersection to east of
intersection, basically having one lane going westbound. What that allowed
us to do is include right turning-lanes in both the eastbound direction and
the westbound direction. Also, here we were able to modify the sidewalk
approaches so that we're able to align the bicyclists to be on a straight path
across the intersection and having the right-turning vehicles be making a
maneuver across the bike lanes again to improve bicycle safety. Next is
Louis Road. At Louis Road, a few things. One is in the eastbound direction;
we're widening the intersection to allow U-turn at Louis Road. That provides
the residents between Louis and Sutherland to be able to access their
driveways by making a U-turn. Also at this location, we've provided bike
parking on the north leg of the intersection to position the bicyclists to be
able to go straight through the intersection and end up in the bike slots. In
the median, we've expanded the median. That's out there right now to be
able to have enough length to store a bicyclist safely without encroaching
into the travel lane. One of the main improvements here is having a signal.
It's not signalized right now. This project is proposing to install signals.
                                                                       Page 82 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
