                         TRANSCRIPT
properties are not included automatically in the City's Inventory. The next
Board recommendation is to make preservation incentives available to more
owners of historic properties. For instance, in the Downtown and residential
areas, some of the existing development incentives are offered only to the
owners of Category 1 and 2 properties and are not available to Category 3
and 4 properties which are considered contributors under the Code. The last
Board recommendation is to develop a context statement for Palo Alto's
Modern Era which would address post-World War II history and architecture.
The context statement would facilitate the identification of Modern Era
resources in Palo Alto, a City that led the way in design and industrial
innovations in post-War California. This concludes Staff's presentation.
Thank you very much for your time. I'm available to answer any questions
that you may have.

Beth Bunnenberg, Historic Resources Board Member: One thing that the
Historic Resources Board has done in the past is to provide some educational
component to the community. Sometimes that's been done through doing
something through the Preservation month. May is typically Preservation
month. Chair Kohler was reminding us that at times we've led walking tours
and participated in that way. I would like to add this educational component
as a very important one. We also are having, I think, more and more
community misunderstandings of what it means to have a property on the
Inventory. Does it mean you can't change a thing about it? We know that it
is possible to make changes, but they need to be carefully considered. Also
there are property owners who are very frightened of having their property
listed. Some educational components would be very important.

David Bower, Historic Resources Board Member: I'd like to bring up for
consideration by the Council two things that the Historic Resources Board
discussed at the last three meetings. One is the need for new and better
tools to help preserve historic properties in Palo Alto. We're working with an
Ordinance that was created in 1986, modified in the 1990s. Effectively
we're dealing with what we consider outdated tools. We need to find a way
to not only include buildings in the post-World War II group for historic
consideration, but also to encourage their owners not to demolish them. As
all of us know, there is a rapid loss of any building that is, at least in the
north part of the City and the south too, older than maybe 20 years.
Tonight we hope that we can review some of those things with you as a
Council.

Martin Bernstein, Historic Resources Board Member: A couple of points
picking up on Board Member Bower's comments. First off, when former
Mayor Liz Kniss was mayor during some of the conversations about enacting
our current Ordinances, I remember your very specific comment about
                                                                         Page 7 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
