                           TRANSCRIPT
start emphasizing to them the importance that Caltrain plays in their
workforce and what an important opportunity this tax measure could be to
make some critical improvements to Caltrain that will benefit their workforce
for decades and how maybe they should start speaking up a little bit on the
importance that Caltrain plays to them as businesses and hopefully
emphasize more to the county as a whole the importance that Caltrain plays
and how long term it should be getting equal attention and over the past two
tax measures it's gotten a miniscule amount in comparison to BART funding.
That could be another way to just emphasize to folks, VTA and SVLG, the
importance of Caltrain and the need to allocate more funding towards it. I
also think that—I've heard nothing but good things about the approach that
San Mateo County has taken in terms of how they allocated their tax funds
to grade separations and then the process for communities to obtain some
of those funds. Unless Staff is aware or other folks are aware of complaints
about that process, it seemed to have been a process that worked pretty
well and one that we should look into emulating for San Mateo County's tax
measure as well. Did San Mateo County allocate a specific percentage of
their tax measure to grade separations in particular?

Mr. Mello:    Yes, they allocate 15 percent which is a total of about 250
million.

Council Member Berman: For them.

Mr. Mello: For them, yes.

Council Member Berman: For us, would it be about a billion just for grade
separations? That would give cities the kind of guaranty they need. I think
that's an interesting concept that we should consider.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. A couple of thoughts on this. First of all,
I agree with Council Member Burt on the issue of the funding. I'm hoping
they'll limit BART to 1 1/2 billion. I think if they give BART more than 1 1/2
billion, I think it'll be hard to support that frankly. The bigger difficulty is, as
Staff said, 750 million to 1 billion is what they're thinking about for Caltrain.
I think we should be at that 1 1/2 billion to make up for Caltrain. The
question is how do we leverage to get there, what does that take, what does
that mean. First of all, I think it's really hard to get a transportation
measure on the ballot in the county. I don't want to screw that up. I'm
going to say that to start with. I think, Tom, you started it with the question
of do we want the Supervisors to put it on or VTA. I believe the Supervisors
didn't put it on initially the last go-round; VTA did because they needed four
out of five Supervisors and they couldn't agree. They may not agree this
                                                                              Page 49 of 70
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/13/15
