                              MINUTES
The closure application must be approved if the owner proposed a package
of mitigation measures or a package of mitigation measures were
established that were adequate to mitigate adverse impacts on mobilehome
park owners from closure of the Park, provided those measures did not
exceed the reasonable costs of relocation. That legal requirement acted as a
cap on mitigation measures that could be required for a property owner to
close a mobilehome park. The attorney for the Park owner requested the
appeal be dismissed on the grounds that it was improperly brought by the
Residents Association (Association). If the Council did not dismiss the
appeal, then it would need to set some simple procedures that would govern
the proceeding and to direct Staff to schedule the appeal. Staff proposed
scheduling the appeal for late February 2015. The Council would need to
review in detail the extensive record prepared for the Hearing Officer. If the
Council allowed the appeal to continue, Staff would provide to the Council
and attorneys for both sides a list of documents Staff believed comprised the
appropriate and essential documents.         The attorneys could provide
comments and include additional key documents within a specific time
period. Staff could provide the Council with all relevant documents the
following week; however, a certified transcript of the hearing would require
additional time.

Margaret Ecker Nanda, Attorney for Park Owner Joe Jisser, advised that the
Residents Association filed a notice of appeal on October 14, 2014. Six days
later, she wrote a letter to the City Attorney raising an objection to the filing
of the appeal. From the Hearing Officer's perspective, an aggrieved person
would be either the Park owner or a resident. The City Attorney stated that
there was no definition of aggrieved person within the Palo Alto Municipal
Code. According to the City Attorney, the people at the Park were so
similarly situated that apparently one person living at that address was
sufficient to trigger an appeal on behalf of everyone who was "similarly
situated." The City Attorney was legally incorrect in her opinion. The issue
of standing was critical to the appeal process. If the Association or an
individual lacked standing to appeal, then the appeal could not proceed. The
Residents Association's attorneys continued to ignore a pertinent fact: the
Association had acknowledged from the beginning that the Association
represented approximately 80 percent of the people who lived at the Park,
which meant the Association did not represent 20 percent of residents. An
association, when it could represent its members, could not represent
nonmembers. As to residents who were not members of the Association, the
Hearing Officer's decision was final. The Park owner asked the Residents
Association to state who was not a member of the Association. The
Association refused to provide a list, because it believed the Park owner was
requesting a membership list. A three-pronged test determined whether an
association was representing its members.

01/12/2015                                                               116- 312
