                          TRANSCRIPT
level of service, but I did see reduction in travel time. That's helpful in
terms of understanding the actual effects, what the travel time has reduced
instead of just level of service. I like to see both of those; that was great.
If we don't do this, what does that mean for Arastradero? What does that
mean for the connector streets? As you put it, traffic has to figure out how
to get there, so where does it go? If we don't do this, it's not just this, but
what do the rest of the streets look like. I assume Sand Hill gets impacted.
I assume Arastradero gets impacted. I assume a lot of those side streets
start filling. What does that look like? Do people come down Arastradero
and then come up Alma, for instance, to other places? If it's not just
Research Park traffic and you were going to go all the way through, do those
people think about how else they're going to go? All of that information is
helpful. The last thing we want to do is take the traffic that can't, if we don't
do this, get on Page Mill and come down and wants to go through beyond
the Research Park. We need to figure out are they cutting through our
neighborhoods. Where are they going? That would be helpful. The bike
improvements, the sooner the better. I liked those. Overall, thanks for the
hard work you've done. If you could get that information in terms of what it
looks like, not just on here—I don't know if you have that modeling or the
capacity, but that would be helpful.

Council Member Berman: Thank you guys very much for the presentation
and for coming down and hearing us today. I'm sympathetic to your
argument that you guys control the roadway, and we control the zoning and
land use and TDM programs and that kind of thing. My concern is that what
we do with the roadway impacts our ability to enact robust TDM measures
and encourages fewer single occupancy vehicle drivers. We do want to
encourage Stanford Research Park, and a lot of us have had conversations
with Stanford University about this to enact robust TDM programs. It's ripe
for that. It's an area where that should be successful. Our ability to
encourage those TDM programs is helped by employees in the Research Park
who have trouble getting to work in a reasonable time. If employees are
stuck in traffic and can't drive to their place of employment quickly in a
single occupancy vehicle, they're like to complain to their employers. That's
likely to become a problem for employers in their hiring decision. That
creates the system where employers are likely to take TDM programs more
seriously. If we add another lane on Page Mill for all cars, your model shows
that will make it easier for them to get to work faster. That encourages
them to continue driving in single occupancy vehicles. The comments from
my colleagues and the members of the public talking about if we're going to
expand Page Mill, it being an HOV lane is important. As we look longer term
and the City being asked to pay for certain things, I'd rather the City pay for
things like an expanded shuttle if we can't get the employers in Stanford
Research Park to do it. Things like that that encourage those employees to
                                                                           Page 22 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
