                          TRANSCRIPT
legacy. You've solved the huge problem of funding; that stopped us for
many years. Now let's hire the consultant who's been working on the
insides of this building for 17 years and select a site. Frankly, I think we can
do better than the three selected in the Staff Report; although, the Sherman
Avenue is the best. Let's think out of the box. We could rent space in the
Stanford Research Park as Fire Station 2 is done. We could build on the site
of the Red Cross building. We could even do eminent domain. I know that's
a pretty thorny issue. Let's update costs. It's been a number of years since
the Blue Ribbon Committee. The prices are old, and we need to update.
Finalize the function for the building. It must last for 50 years or so. When
they moved into this building initially, they knew it was already too small.
It's a little bit too soon for architectural design, but do not build a glass
building like the Jay Paul one. This should be a solid structure. In closing,
don't build in the Baylands, in a flood zone where liquefaction is possible.
It's time to get this building built. Make it your legacy. Let's make this
Number 1 high priority project happen. Let's get shovels in the ground
during your term.

David Bower: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council. How nice to see
you again.     I was a member of the 2011 Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission with Council Member Berman, and specifically was part of the
Public Safety subcommittee and worked with the very talented Staff in Public
Works and the Police Department. I would like to encourage you tonight or
as quickly as possible to select the Sherman Avenue site and move forward
with the design and construction. The other two sites are problematic
because of tidal flooding as Brad pointed out. We certainly don't want to
have a Public Safety Building that's east of 101, because the three bridges
that cross 101 are pre-current earthquake technology and are likely not to
survive or at least be useable.       The most favorable bridge would be
University Avenue, and even that doesn't meet current standards. The
PG&E substation site, if you've ever dealt with PG&E, you'll know that they
move at glacial speed, even though we're losing our glaciers. I can't
imagine that site would be available in seven years. Finally, this project, as
the former speaker and Staff have noted, has been going on for 25 years.
When I was on the Public Safety subcommittee, the backup plan for a failure
or loss of our current Police Services Building is, or was when I was on the
IBRC, parked out at the Animal Services Center and effectively is a trailer. A
tent would be erected next to it, and that would become our Public Safety
Building. We need to do better than that, and we need do it quickly. It's
not going to get any cheaper. Let's move this forward as quickly as you can.
Thank you.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. This has been
going on, as you know, for decades. I remember when Lynn Johnson made
                                                                          Page 27 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
