                          TRANSCRIPT

our own or coordinating with other cities in San Mateo County, whatever.
We need to provide fast and reliable service to our airports. Bikes. Thank
you for the progress you're making on making biking safer and easier in Palo
Alto. We need to continue investing in bikeways to make it easier for people
to surrender their car keys. Lastly, I just say don't widen Page Mill Road.
That just invites more traffic to come in. We really have to solve it by
providing transportation opportunities not in cars. Thank you so much.

Robert Neff: Thanks, Council. First, I support the work done by City Staff.
I think it's important to identify the full spectrum of transportation needs for
Palo Alto and this northwest part of Santa Clara County. I'm glad to see the
focus on collaboration with neighboring cities.              There are many
transportation projects that exist across our cities, like an improved bus
network in this part of the county, last mile shuttle networks and improved
low-stress bike lanes not just in our City but also connecting to Mountain
View, connecting to Menlo Park, connecting to Sunnyvale. I've a few
comments. First, as I observe this process, it is apparent that VTA is well
prepared to spend all of this money on BART and expressway projects that
have been planned in anticipation of this source of new transportation funds.
In comparison, many of the other projects are less well developed. I think
it's important to have something like the return to source funding flexibility
that City Staff mentioned so that, as we see new projects that we want to do
in the future, we have a way of getting those into the plans with this large
amount of money. I commend City Staff in Planning and Transportation on
bringing forward our Bike and Pedestrian Plan to the point where we have
identified projects to improve our bike and pedestrian networks. I'm glad to
see we've identified millions of dollars for specific bike network
improvements. We should recognize the foresight that Jaime Rodriguez had
in developing these plans in anticipation of this kind of funding. Finally, I'm
glad to see Staff focus on grade separation of Caltrain throughout the
county. It'll be a big step forward. I'm encouraged by your work to make
sure this tax is wisely spent throughout the county. Thank you.

Gary Wesley: My name is Gary Wesley. I'm from Mountain View which is
south of here, towards San Jose, the power center of the entire county
where they issue the orders and everybody else obeys. They, of course,
control the VTA. I saw them in action last week, and there were some folks
there to protest what they were doing to Highway 85, which is to add toll
lanes that would disappear at Highway 280 and create a bottle neck. What
the VTA Board did was to form an advisory committee to hear from those
people about their concerns, but at the same time voted to go forward with
the project. Hearing concerns and counseling are about the same thing for
                                                                         Page 53 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
