                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Ratchye:   The presentation wasn't about the lease.      It was about the
(crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: Right. We didn't know that we were going to get
$150,000 coming in. The part that's confusing me is this. If we're going to
spend $310,000 for 3 megawatts but we learned tonight that we're only
using 1.5 megawatts and we're getting $150,000 back, I guess I'm not
seeing how that works. If you took the $150,000 that we're getting back on
the lease payment—this is a policy choice—and instead of giving that to the
General Fund, we gave it back to Utilities and we grandfathered in the 1.5
megawatts that we currently have in the pipeline, it wouldn't cost us
anything to do that. At that point, I would then want to limit the program at
this price to all the people in the pipeline, which would be the Universalist
Church and solar provider there and then go on a future ongoing program to
10.4 cents or at least have us look at that on a future to see if this actually
works, where it comes from and if it's going to have some point. Is there
any reason why that logic doesn't make sense? Am I missing something?

Ms. Ratchye: That's a policy choice. The math you've done is correct. The
difference would be that the way it would be set up is that the $150,000
subsidy of the 1.5 megawatts would come from electric ratepayers and the
$150,000 per year rent for the roof space would go to the General Fund. If
the Council wanted to instead designate that rental income to cover the
subsidy or the avoided cost value, then it could do so.

Council Member Scharff: Given the amount of effort they've put into doing
that, I would support that. It wouldn't cost the ratepayers anything. We'd
have the symbolism of the rooftop solar. It seems like a win-win, unless I'm
missing something. I would support that, which wasn't before the Finance
Committee at that time. Now I have to respond a little bit to Council
Member Burt's personal attacks. First of all, it's unfortunate to make
personal attacks like that.

Mayor Holman: I don't think you need to feel obligated to do that.

Council Member Scharff: I think I do. It's a point of personal privilege, and
I feel a little obligated to it. We have a system whereby—Council can
change this if they want—if you get four votes, it goes on Consent. That's a
good system.        There's more than enough Council Members when
something's controversial for Council Members to pull that. In fact, I don't
recall anything ever not being pulled that was controversial. If you can't get
three Council Members to pull something, then I don't think the community
is that interested in it, if there's three Council Members that are unwilling to
pull it. If people disagree with that, you can always lower the number to

                                                                          Page 36 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
