                          TRANSCRIPT
we're lucky to be on California Avenue. It's an expensive place to be, but
we're in the back of a building. The owners of the building have discounted
our rent; therefore, we've been on the street for about ten years. We hope
we can stay there. We play an important role for the community. We
provide classes and services to expectant couples and new families. We
provide that fabric of support as people start having babies and expanding
their families. We also help organize the Halloween event on our street,
which is the largest community event in Palo Alto. That speaks to the
uniqueness of our street. A number of vendors on the street participate,
whether they're the Subway on the street or the Starbucks or, like Jessica
said, her store, Keeble and Shuchat, everyone comes together and
celebrates that together. As we start going down this road, I want to
support you in your effort to try to keep the uniqueness of our street and the
vitality. Stores like Jessica's, the Cobblery store, has been on that street for
four generations. I would love for my daughter to be able to interact with a
store like that when she grows up as well. She can go to a Gap anywhere,
but I’m hoping she can go to a store like the Cobblery and get some shoes
fixed instead of going to buy another new pair of shoes. Go to Keeble and
Shuchat and actually touch and feel cameras. There's so many unique
stores on our street. I hope we can keep that and we can keep places like
Blossom and other nonprofits on the street there as well. Thank you as you
think through this. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: We've done a lot of work on retail, so a little bit different
this time around, but let's try for a three-minute question round and see
where we get.

Council Member Scharff: You say we should look at changing the retail
service requirements possibly. Would Blossom, for instance, does that fall
under personal services? It doesn't fall under retail obviously. Where would
that fall in here or would that not be included?

Hillary Gitelman, Director of Planning and Community Environment: I'm
sorry. We're talking about personal service uses, not retail service uses.
You'll have to clarify for me the nature of the business.

Council Member Scharff: The woman who spoke, Mora from Blossom. I was
wondering if that falls under personal services.

Ms. Gitelman: If you could tell me the nature of the business.

Council Member Scharff: Could I have her explain it again?

Mayor Holman: Absolutely.

                                                                         Page 40 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
