                          TRANSCRIPT
2.    Proclamation Celebrating the 80th Anniversary of the Palo Alto Airport.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid was able to go to the event yesterday,
so I've asked Vice Mayor Schmid to read the Proclamation please.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I just wanted to mention it was a wonderful day on
Sunday to be out at the Airport, the 80th Anniversary, and it's almost the
first anniversary of the City taking control of the Airport. It was great to see
everything running so smoothly. Little kids flying, helicopters landing, lots
of information, lots of food. A wonderful day. Vice Mayor Schmid read the
Proclamation into the record.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry I was not able to attend yesterday's event, but I
understand it was very well attended.          Thank you to everyone who
organized it. I don't see any lights from other Council Members, but who
will be receiving this? Ralph, are you accepting this one or Mike?

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Good evening, Mayor Holman and
Members of City Council. I'm Mike Sartor, Public Works Director. With me is
Ralph Britton, one of the members of our Palo Alto Airport Association and
Andy Swanson, our Airport Manager. I just wanted to say thank you so
much, Ralph and Palo Alto Airport Association, for all your support,
particularly for the last year that we have been here in charge of the Airport.
I also wanted to shout out a little bit to Andy Swanson, our Airport Manager.
He's done a tremendous job in his first year of Airport operations. Thank
you very much.

Ralph Britton: There were times when I really wasn't quite sure we'd ever
make 80 years, because at various times there have been movements to
close the Airport. It's been a rocky road for part of the time. On the other
hand, at this point there was a couple of really major events that took place.
Mayor Kleinberg appointed the Palo Alto Airport Working Group, and we
were able to get together—oh, gosh, I guess it must have been about a
dozen people including now Council Member Pat Burt who was not a Council
Member then. Larry Klein was my co-chair for the working group. We were
able to put together a financial plan that made it clear that the Airport could
be operated independently of any other outside financing. That was a big
moment. Here we are. The City has taken it back. Our recommendation
was that we take it back immediately because the County was just doing
nothing to maintain it. It was vital that it have maintenance. We've passed
that stage now, and the City has taken it over. The difference is completely
palpable. We have money coming in from the Federal Government. We

                                                                          Page 2 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
