                         TRANSCRIPT
instead of waiting for developers to propose projects, we as a community
start the discussion about building what we want. How can we create
incentives for developers to bring projects that welcome community
engagement? I think about what Mayor Holman shared at her State of the
City address, zone for what we want. What if we could explore having
buildings as part of a specific or area plan? Our table talked about how we
thought Heritage Park is an example of good, quality design.               My
understanding is that it was part of the plan for the South of Forest Area. A
specific or area plan could help us be flexible, yet maintain good quality
design on addressing impacts; impacts like traffic, housing availability,
parking. I believe that projects that help address our housing shortage and
deal with transportation demand are worthwhile. Projects that address
impacts should be encouraged. These kinds of projects inherently call for
developers to engage with the community and the City. Let's welcome
property owners to work with us to draft the buildings of our future. Let's
not cut off any exploration of collaboratively working together in the hope
that increasing a cap will address the challenges that are already here with
us. Should the Council lean towards expanding a blunt instrument like the
office cap, projects that address impacts should be exempt. Again, I'm here
because there's a housing shortage. I venture to say that we all want better
quality design.     That may mean different things to different people;
however, many of us would say that a better quality design would be one
that helps us address these preexisting and pressing challenges.

Eric Rosenblum: Hello, Council Members. My name is Eric Rosenblum; I live
at 154 Bryant Street in Downtown North. I'm a member of the Planning and
Transportation Commission, but I'm here speaking for myself as an
individual. I want to address the proposed growth cap. I was never a fan of
this. I feel that the measure only addresses a miniscule part of the problem.
I always think you want to work on 90 percent of the problem or, in this
case, 98 percent of the problems of the 2 percent annual growth. There's
some large and important problems that are in front of our community and
in front of you. How to address our housing crisis; how to create an
effective transportation management program; how to implement the
Residential Parking Program. All of you would say, "Yes, we also think these
are important." This is the third hearing we've had on this issue. Things
move along that you guys care about and that you bring in front of you.
Everyone gets excited and action happens. My ask on the side is that I'm
hoping those other things get accelerated. Having said that, clearly this is
the top of your agenda, so I'll try to address this directly. Mila addressed
the Palo Alto Comprehensive Plan Summit. In the words of Mayor Holman,
this was our constitutional convention. I was blown away by that; that's a
big deal, the constitutional convention. These are the people that are
getting together to try to create our governing document. It means that
                                                                      Page 35 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
