                         TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Scharff: On that point, aren't they two separate processes?
Like you'd have a prescreening if they wanted to come to Council, and it
wouldn't involve the architectural issues. Later, you go to ARB, and that's
your prescreening that focuses on the architectural issues that ARB looks at.
That's the way I understood it. That's what you're clarifying right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. Council Member Scharff, you're leading us in an
interesting direction that raises a question about the language that Mayor
Holman has suggested. If it's possible that one of the prescreenings that
could get to Council was an architectural review application, in that instance
you really would want completed drawings. The ARB would have looked at
complete drawings, and the Council would want to do so as well. If we add
this language, we may need to find a way to carve that out.

Council Member Scharff: Now I'm actually confused.

Ms. Stump: If I could? The Council prescreening process is somewhat
broad, it's general.    You want to leave yourself discretion to address
whatever project-specific issues really are raised. I think that's what the
Planning Director is pointing out. In some cases, while you're not doing a
detailed architectural review, there may be some overarching design
considerations that you'd like to express some thoughts on. You don't want
to preclude yourself from doing so.

Council Member Scharff: Where you've left is I was going to ask Mayor
Holman if she wanted to move this to 050. Now you're saying that we
should have some carve-out language that says "except in the case where
Council specifically requests complete drawings."

Ms. Stump: It's always dangerous to draft at a Council meeting, but I think
that the language there is general enough to allow that.

Council Member Scharff: I can accept this and you will go back and redraft
with the understanding ...

Ms. Stump: Yes. It does not bar or ban architectural drawings.           It says
what's generally intended.

Mayor Holman: If I can add something here? One is there's a couple of
little changes that need to happen to the language here. One is "not
intended to involve review of complete drawings and documentation." It
seems like to me—I want to leave this actually in 010 because that's where
the purpose—that is the purpose section. This is the purpose. It seems to
                                                                        Page 47 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
