                          TRANSCRIPT
minute and say howdy to the Council as a whole. In typical Palo Alto
fashion, I brought him on and then left for a conference for a week. Just
threw him into the pool, which is the way things work here. Ed.

Ed Shikada, Interim Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Jim. I just again
want to express my appreciation to be a part of this team. I have, in
approaching two weeks, been onboard, getting up to speed on issues. Jim's
description of jump in and start swimming and try to keep up with the
stream is a good, accurate one. Just with this evening's discussion as a
good example, while the issues may be familiar cross the valley that cities
are grappling with, the City Palo Alto's certainly ambition as well as ability to
act is extraordinary. I look forward to working with you in support of the
City Manager and the organization, advancing your priorities.

Mayor Holman: Howdy, Ed.

Mr. Shikada: Howdy.

Mr. Keene: Lastly, obviously this past week we had a magical event out at
the Mitchell Park area with the formal opening of the Mitchell Park bridge.
Mayor, I would turn it over to you since you have some important
accoutrements and comments to make.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, City Manager. It was a great event. It's a great
playground.     If you haven't been, I encourage anyone, any age, any
capability to visit. It was truly a magical day. There were hundreds of
people there. Council Member Kniss, Council Member Burt and Council
Member Filseth were there as well. Rob de Geus, who I do not see here
right now, was there. He and I and Council Member Burt accepted the key
to the Magical Bridge. Council Member Burt, because when he was Mayor,
that's when this project first came to light. On the back of the key it says,
"Only with each inclusive space will real magic in our town take place." It is
indeed a magical place. There's been some quotes and articles. If you were
there and talking with people, you could see mothers that were able to visit
a playground with their children for the first time ever, children who were
siblings were able to play with each other for the first time. It was a
remarkable, remarkable day. Very possibly it has a broader impact than
they had ever imagined because of its inclusive perspective. Congratulations
to Jill Asher and Olenka Villarreal especially on a tremendous outcome and
their insight in including Royston who's the designer of Mitchell Park
originally and Royston is the architect who designed the Magical Bridge
Playground. Great success. City Manager, your comments stimulated a
couple of questions by colleagues, Council Member Scharff and Council
Member Filseth.


04/20/2015                                                               117- 315
