                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Let me give a shot at this. I agree with pretty much
everything you said, Director Gitelman. This does not eliminate the open
input, the open source and the input from the public in general. It is not to
replace that. I'll be briefly redundant. People come to meetings, but they
don't come to meetings consistently. Most people don't. They'll come to the
Summit. You'll have maybe 300 people there. The next meeting you might
have 30; who knows? The purpose of this is to have an established group
that commits to carrying through the conversation of the Comp Plan, to act
as advisors. That's the purpose of this. Council Member Burt as seconder,
do you want to say something? I have three other lights.

Council Member Burt: In the prior Comp Plan, we did have something
similar to this. We had some very well-attended, open public meetings,
where we had hundreds of people there. We had charrettes and different
valuable, informative meetings. If you have this open source, who takes all
the input from the open source and turns it into a presentation? As we have
it set up right now, it would be Staff that would be filtering all that
information from the open source. This committee instead would be a
citizen group who would be taking that information and doing deep dives
into the Comp Plan, enough that they would understand it backwards and
forwards, and attempt to consolidate that information—it would include their
own inputs—and to integrate it and reconcile it. It's a citizen committee that
would be doing that function. That's a pretty democratic process. Relying
on Staff to be the filter of all the open source input from the public is less
grassroots and less democratic than what this would be.

Mayor Holman: Do we need more clarification or can we vote?

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to offer a friendly Amendment to address
what I see as one of the key concerns here.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the beginning of the Motion “to direct
the City Manager and Staff to form...”
Council Member Wolbach: That way we are establishing it. We are making
the direction. It will be Brown Acted, because it's coming from our direction,
but we're not mandating that every step of the formation process come back
to us for review. That allows a little bit more flexibility in the establishment
by the City Manager and Staff and requires less micromanaging by us.

Mayor Holman: My thought about that is we aren't establishing stakeholder
groups and, at least built into this at this point in time, doesn't have the
Council having input on who those individuals might be. That could be
incorporated.
                                                                           Page 52 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
