                          TRANSCRIPT
to me. Working on a Commission that would in some way be involved with
maintaining diversity in our community would be very satisfying. That was
my application.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. You may be the first candidate we've ever had
to interview, to my knowledge any way, that asked and answered their own
question. Thank you and thank you for the application. We look forward to
seeing you.

The City Council reconvened in the Council Chambers at 6:11 P.M.

2.    Resolution 9506 and Resolution 9507 entitled “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation to John Melton
      and Asher Waldfogel Upon Completion of Their Terms as Utilities
      Advisory Commissioners.”

Council Member Scharff read the Resolution for John Melton into the record.
Is John here? Where's John?

Mayor Holman: I don't believe he's here.

Council Member Scharff: I don’t see John. In that case, I'm not going to go
on and on about how wonderful a Commissioner John was. I will tell you
that John was an outstanding Commissioner. I really did enjoy serving as
the Utilities Advisory Commission (UAC) rep from the City Council with John.
On the meetings, his points were always insightful.        He was a very
thoughtful Commissioner. He will truly be missed.

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director: Utilities Director Valerie Fong. John Melton
is not able to be here; however, Commissioner Asher Waldfogel, he was
actually the Vice Chair, has agreed to accept on his behalf.

Council Member Burt read the Resolution for Asher Waldfogel into the
record.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd just like to thank Asher very much for his work on
technology and utilities, two areas that are of critical importance to Palo Alto
and that need a deep and thoughtful look at. Thanks for what you've done
over the last decade.

Council Member Scharff: I also would like to say a few words about Asher.
I'm also going to really miss you on the Utilities Advisory Commission. You
had a unique ability to ask probing questions that were outside the box. I
thought that was really helpful and often sparked conversation at the UAC


                                                                          Page 8 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
