                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, are you good with that?

Council Member Wolbach: I don't think it needs any addition to the Motion.
I think what we have here is sufficient on the air quality stuff and the noise
both.

Mayor Holman: I guess I don't want to take the time to necessarily ask for
another amendment. I want the assurance from Staff that you'll bring that
up. Let me just double check one last thing here. I think those were my
comments. Council Member DuBois, have you read this to make sure it
captures everything?

Council Member DuBois: Yep. It looks good.

Council Member Wolbach: I have one more.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I'd like to suggest one more addition to
the direction to the CAC. After salvage, if Council Member DuBois is
comfortable with it, climate change adaptation.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member Wolbach: It's already under our ...

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I think it's implied because we have a goal,
but that's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and climate adaptation.”

Council Member Wolbach: Just wanted to encourage them to dive deeper
into climate change adaptation.

Council Member DuBois: I would say I know we have the sustainability
subcommittee. They're looking at kind of sustainability issues across all the
elements. I think it would be helpful if a lot of them were concentrated
here. I'm talking to you guys. I think if we have a place for a lot of the
sustainability stuff to go, particularly around climate change, it'd be nice if it
was kind of gathered more here than spread everywhere.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd also emphasize a distinction between the two
sides of climate change. One is reducing our impacts on climate change.
The other is reducing the impacts of climate change on us. That's what I'm
focusing on here by talking about climate adaptation. This doesn't have to
                                                                           Page 60 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/9/15
