                          TRANSCRIPT
Municipal Code clearly states that no proposal can be approved without it
being consistent and compatible with applicable elements of the Palo Alto
Comprehensive Plan. I've shown you here tonight where this building
violates the Comprehensive Plan, Municipal Code. It is not consistent with
our Downtown Design Guidelines. You've heard from a business owner
whose business will be impacted by this one-way traffic going down the
street as well as YogaWorks, that little Zen garden.         People will be
potentially hit. The traffic is not something that you can just brush under
the table with that Hexagon report, which was so inadequate. We need a
Full Environmental Impact Report, including a full traffic analysis to fully
know what's going on here. The appellants and I urge you to deny this
building's approval. We ask the developer to reevaluate these plans in
relationship to the criteria which we have put forward. Thank you very
much.

Ms. Yob: Good evening, Honorable Mayor and Council Members. My name
is Dori Yob. I'm with the law firm of Hopkins and Carley which represents
the project Applicant.     First, I want to thank you very much for the
opportunity to be heard this evening. I also want to acknowledge and thank
Staff for their time, attention, detailed review and consideration of this
project. I also want to take a moment to identify the other members of the
Applicant's team who are here in case you have questions of them. We have
Mark Hulbert, the Historic Resources Consultant, Gary Black, the Hexagon
Transportation Consultant, and Elizabeth and Jaime Wong of Kipling Post LP,
the Applicant. This high quality project was carefully designed with a
sensitivity to the requirements of this City. This project is compliant with all
applicable municipal regulations, the City's Comprehensive Plan, and the
Downtown Design Guidelines. There are no exceptions or variances being
requested. As you heard, this project has been fully and carefully vetted by
the ARB in a preliminary review of the concept plans in 2013 and in three
separate and fully public hearings since that time.           The project was
recommended for approval by the ARB following revisions made during that
public review process, was recommended by the Planning Director, and is
recommended for approval by the City Planning Staff here tonight. We are
here before you tonight because of the appeal presented by one single
Appellant. It should be noted the Appellant's concerns have been fully
vetted as part of the lengthy review process. The Appellant presented
verbally at all three ARB Public Hearings and submitted various written
letters during that process, raising objections similar to those that you're
hearing here tonight. Significant changes were made to the project as you
have seen as part of the review process, including changes responding to
the concerns raised by the appellant. Despite having been heard at all those
hearings, the Appellant continues to raise arguments that are unsupported
by evidence and entirely at odds and inconsistent with the express findings
                                                                        Page 46 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
