                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to hear Agenda Item Number 24- Colleagues Memo Regarding
Studying Policy to Increase Accessory Dwelling Units (ADU's) before Agenda
Item Number 23- PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance to Amend
Chapter 18.79…Development Project Preliminary Review… and make every
effort to complete the Agenda this evening.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. Vote on the board please. That
passes on a 7-1 vote, Council Member Filseth voting no and also with the
indication that we intend to complete the agenda this evening.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Filseth no, Burt absent

Mayor Holman: With that, we return to the item ...

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, could I make one suggestion? You
suggested a round of three minutes each. I would hope that if we don't
need to speak for three minutes, we don't.

Mayor Holman:     I would hope that's always understood.      Questions and
comments?

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Yes, City Manager.

Mr. Keene: Just one other thing. I think the motion spoke to trying to
complete the meeting agenda by this evening. Evening would end at
midnight. Would that be correct?

Mayor Holman: That is probably pretty close to accurate.

Mr. Keene: I'm just saying as opposed to tomorrow morning. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:     It would be midnight as opposed to 11:30 which was
scheduled.

Mr. Keene: 11:30 sounds even better.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, three minutes, questions and comments.
Council Member DuBois. Now they're lighting up. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about the use of TDRs. If we
wanted to use other sources of funding other than TDRs, what would be the
options? Since it's a City-owned building, is there other, like a maintenance
budget for City property?
                                                                      Page 76 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
