                         TRANSCRIPT
ability as City Manager to be able to move funding to ensure there would be
no disruption, no slow down in any way at all on some of the other Project
Safety Net efforts that we would have. I would propose that the Council
approve the recommendation as put forward with the Staff coming back at
the mid-year Budget review with proposed options for funding potentially up
to all of the means restriction public safety expenditures that have been
taken out of the existing Stanford funds over the past four or five years.

Council Member Burt: That sounds fine by me. Because the City Manager
brings the Budget to the Council, I don't think that we would need a Council
direction tonight given what the City Manager just stated. I'm satisfied with
that commitment. I just want to say to colleagues that I think it's important
as we're moving in Project Safety Net to hiring an Executive Director and
looking at strengthening the collaborative nature of it, the collaborative
partners really need to have a confidence that the City has an ongoing
commitment to the program. I know that we do have that, and the City
Manager has expressed that. This Stanford fund has been the principal
funding source. With the way it looks in the Budget, it's not a clear enough
commitment to those partners. Frankly, moving the dollars into this fund is
another one of our essentially reserves. I look forward to the Council
discussion on that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, as you were the initiator in pulling
this, do you want to make the Motion then to approve the item?

Council Member Burt: Yes, that would be fine. I would move that the
Council approve the seven-month contract with Cypress Security in an
amount not to exceed $439,000 for Track Watch security services and
adoption of a related Budget Amendment Ordinance.

Council Member Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve a seven-month contract with Cypress Security, Inc. not to
exceed $439,441 for “Track Watch” contract security services and adopt a
related Budget Amendment Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak any further to your Motion?

Council Member Burt: Nope, thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, to your second?




                                                                          Page 38 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
