                         TRANSCRIPT
to other areas, they don't talk about El Camino; although, they do talk about
the CS and CN Zones, which is what El Camino is. We should again explicitly
state that El Camino is being considered just like SOFA, just like California
Avenue, just like Downtown so nobody has any questions about that. In
regard to what else we could allow in the retail area, in terms of housing,
housing is already allowed on upper floors in the CS and CN and CC Zones.
It's unlikely that anybody would be enthusiastic about putting housing on
the ground floor in retail areas. Omitting housing or specifically saying
housing is allowed on upper floors is all you need. In terms of other uses,
we could add financial services. We have three banks, for example, between
California Avenue and Adobe Creek. That doesn't seem to create any
problems. In fact, I find the banks useful; I use all of them. Having a bank
is not a major reduction in the viability of the retail space. I would urge you
to adopt the Interim Ordinance, clean it up a little bit, shuffle it around a
little bit in order to make it improved. We need to preserve our retail
vitality, our sales tax revenues, and the vitality of the community. Thank
you.

Stephanie Munoz: I'd like to compliment the Staff on a very well prepared
and very well thought out Ordinance. More complete than any I've seen. I'd
only like to add a few little things. You have to have childcare admitted for
ground floor. It would be very unusual, because childcare usually takes less
expensive properties. Downtown is unlikely to use them, but I have seen
them in Houston, Texas, actually. Very high class, they're very well done.
They have an outdoor area for the children. It would go pretty well with
Palo Alto, if anybody wanted to do it. That's the first thing. The second
thing is if you have in the pipeline things which are not conforming and you
would just as soon not have them because they do violate the principle,
would you please refund their money and make some kind of effort to help
them develop the property or leave the property? Help them in some way.
Show some kind of apologetic attitude for being inconvenient to them, for
not letting them get away with what we don't want them to get away with.
You could do that. You could do that in a better way. That's the second
thing. The third thing is let me echo the part about the housing. There's
hardly any reason for housing on the ground floor. Case-by-case, great
hardship, that's the only property they own, it's in the form of a housing
unit, and they need to live there, that's special. On the bank, we've gone
through that before. Gary Fazzino used to complain about that Wells Fargo
commercial bank. It's a very nice looking building, I must say. It's opposite
Prolific Oven. The thing is as you're walking along, the bank destroys the
commercial liveliness, shopping ambience that makes the town interesting
and fun to be in. These retail uses are the reasons that people want to be
here. They aren't going to want to be here just because somebody else is
making money in the next building. You can't see that. You could make
                                                                         Page 21 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
