                          TRANSCRIPT
data that was shown here, it'll look to be a range of 1,500 to 2,000 business
permits. I'd actually like to see some discussion about 1,500 versus 2,000.
Also, I think some of those cars have moved over to Menlo Park. It'd be
good to know if we're being a good neighbor. How many people are going
across the creek that may have been some of those Caltrain users that
disappeared. I've also seen people raise issues about street sweeping. In
Downtown, we have no parking on certain days for street cleaning. Now
that we have people parking further out, the street cleaners aren't able to
clean the streets anymore. That's a new issue. If we expand the area—we
haven't talked about this either—allow the union to understand the
requirements and see if they have a way to enforce while keeping the cost
down. In terms of the future, I didn't really like any of the options for
distribution. I think several speakers said it. If we have these concentric
rings, we're still going to get bunching on the boundaries. For those homes
that are closest to Downtown, they're never going to see any relief. I think
we really need a distribution mechanism that spreads parking more
equitably. I agree it shouldn't be assigned spots or one side of the street.
I'd really like to hear about options maybe using technology to issue permits
to particular blocks and limit the number of those permits so that we
wouldn't have 100 percent capacity like we still see in those residential
streets closest to Downtown. I think we also need to have clear boundaries.
We're talking about expanding the Downtown RPP District. At some point,
we're going to be so far out into the neighborhood, I don't think we should
call it the Downtown District anymore. There should be a different criteria
based on where these parking regulations are. I think we're getting close to
that limit already. If we expand to Old Palo Alto, I would expect it to be a
different parking district with different criteria, probably zero or close to zero
business permits in that neighborhood. Even now I think a more reasonable
boundary might be Middlefield Road rather than crossing Middlefield Road. I
think it's too soon to look at price discrimination. I think there's some real
issues there. I can picture low-wage workers walking a mile. I think first-
come-first-serve makes sense for now. We have price discrimination in that
if you really want to purchase a particular location, you can buy a parking
garage permit.       Maybe we should use the garages as that way to
discriminate for now until we get a little more feedback. I also think if we
start to price discriminate now, we're kind of locking in a model. Keeping
our options there for experimentation. One last point. I think as a policy
matter Council should consider a minimum and maximum parking intrusion
ratio Citywide. Again, we could address this issue once the full Council could
participate, and we could design—I think some people said it—rather than an
incremental program where we're always annexing, we could come up
maybe with some framework that would work more broadly.


                                                                          Page 52 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
