                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid at the time said it's a night of celebration in Palo Alto
after making that vote. We don't have to go back and rewrite history to
have a reasonable discussion going forward. Let's just focus on going
forward, what we want to do. It's not accurate what you and Vice Mayor
Schmid are saying on the historic basis for this. You don't need to make
that argument to have the discussion about where we want to go going
forward.

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept the point. It's not my intent to go back
and rewrite history. My intent is to try to figure out what we do now. As
long as we're in agreement on what we do now, I think that's what's
important. However, I think we are getting into uncharted territory here.

Mayor Holman: I think, Council Member Filseth, what you're alluding to is
maybe we reconsider what the boundaries are for monitored and
unmonitored in the future.

Council Member Filseth: I think that should absolutely be on the table.

Mayor Holman: If you want to propose something about this, then that's
how we would address that, as opposed to a backward look.

Council Member Filseth: I think it should cover all the City.

Council Member Scharff: I'd accept that. That L-8 (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Microphone please.

Council Member Scharff: I would accept that Policy L-8 as it's currently
written would apply to the entire City and not just monitored and non-
monitored areas.

Mr. Keene: As it's written right now?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, on a going forward basis. We would still
have a million—whatever is left of the cap. On a going forward basis, you
would count whatever is built out.

Ms. Gitelman: Can I interject? It had been our thought all along that Policy
L-8 would continue as it is, because we've been monitoring those areas of
the City in that way for a long time. Over a long trend, it actually shows
something useful. Going forward, you might want to supplement Policy L-8
with a Citywide growth control measure. It sounds like the Council is
interested in some kind of pacing mechanism. Is it possible that what you're
telling us is that you would like to determine what that pacing mechanism is
when you see before you the results of the analysis going forward?
                                                                      Page 114 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
