                         TRANSCRIPT
require judgment which we never seem to have had on the allocation of PCs,
but here are a few ideas. If we are to have a PC Ordinance at all, some of
the requirements I would suggest are as follows. Number 1, have a process
for certifying that the benefit can in fact be reasonably provided. If the
benefit is a business that is likely to have problems, changes in the
environment and so on over decades and decades, maybe you want to think
we can't do that. You've got three PCs with grocery stores. They're going to
be back here again and again and again in my opinion. You want to certify
that the community is actually getting more than it gives and that the
burden is distributed fairly. You've got some PCs out there where millions
and millions of dollars of additional office space were given for very trivial
benefits. An enforcement process. If I park my car and get a parking ticket,
that'll happen right away, because you've got excellent enforcement of
parking There's a PC in town that I know of that has a plaza next to a
restaurant. The restaurant has completely taken the plaza that was the
benefit. Finally, I think a vote by the public on any proposed PC is in order.
Thank you.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. I'm really happy to
have an opportunity to speak up for the principle of the PC. It is the
greatest thing since sliced bread. It allows some flexibility. The idea is to
have something better, better for the community than what would happen if
you just punched in the button and a button came out. This is what has to
be done. It could be fabulous; however, the way it has been used. I
thought of it a year or so ago, there was a discussion of the blade sign on
this development for this grocery store. The grocery store was going to
bankrupt if they didn't have this blade sign. Karen Holman said, "Why do we
have rules if you're just going to make exceptions?" I thought to myself,
"We have these rules so that we can auction off the exceptions." That
shouldn't be the case. It never should be like that. The PC should be
organic, that is, it should spring from the location where that land is. For
instance, in the hills, by putting together three acre parcels, you could have
one road and save beautiful foliage, viewpoints, creeks or whatever. Maybell
broke my heart, because you could have put the same 70 cars on that land
and had different partners for the 40 little low-income seniors. You could
have had that orchard. Nothing would do, but that it would be part of
raising the value. Please the original idea of PC, better community from
little changes. Better for us.

Cheryl Lilienstein: Hi, I'm Cheryl Lilienstein. I'm the President of Palo
Altans for Sensible Zoning. We have a statement which is that Palo Altans
for Sensible Zoning is against PC zoning, because it's been abused and used
to circumvent the zoning regulations that protect us all. We stand for
eliminating the Planned Community zoning or, if PC zoning changes are
                                                                         Page 51 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
