                           TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “18.76.020 Architectural
Review (d)(2).”

Mayor Holman: One other one which is under 18.18.110. It is (a)(2)(B)(ii),
the rhythmic pattern of the street established by the general width of
buildings and the spacing between them. The reason that one's important is
because it's not to say this will be different buildings, but it's that it will have
the appearance of different buildings. Whereas, now it has the appearance
of one large mass. That's part of the challenge, I think, that this project
faces. Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman?

Council Member Berman: Yep.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you to the Clerk.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “18.18.110 Context Based
Design Criteria (a)(2)(B)(ii).”

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of comments on this. I appreciate the efforts
that everyone has made on this. There are a couple of, or maybe a few,
misperceptions or apprehensions on the part of applicant, ARB, perhaps
Staff, and public for that matter too. A lot of the comments have been that
this project satisfies Code. If a project could satisfy Code and be a good
project by satisfying FAR, height and setbacks, we wouldn't need an ARB.
That's why we have the Context Based Design Criteria and the ARB findings.
Those are in our Code as well. To say it's Code-compliant because it
satisfies the basic numerical aspects of Code is just not a complete look at
the Code. Also, I'd suggest that—I mean, Council Member Burt alluded to
this too. We've had this conversation before with ARB that sometimes we're
poking around the edges. This is a project that stands to be a really good
project, given its location, but we can't be poking around the edges of this
design and expect it to be something that's really a wonderful project. We
can't do that. We need to really take a look at this and apply the findings
and the criteria for this to be a good and acceptable project. Lastly, I guess
I would say the member of the public mentioned some drawings that
actually weren't here. That is a drawing looking at the project coming down
Kipling toward University. I think that would be a very helpful drawing to
have for everyone to consider. I do have one other. I know that all of the
Boards and Commissions and, for that matter, pretty much the Council
                                                                               Page 44 of 132
                                                                 City Council Special Meeting
                                                                         Transcript 11/30/15
