                          TRANSCRIPT
sheep, so the people could see them. It also had a website so that you
could follow the sheep wherever they went. This temporary project in
Pittsburgh that changes every six months is called the Conflict Kitchen.
Every six months this changes its appearances and serves food from a
different country the United States is in conflict with. The exterior of the
booth looks like fabric patterning from that country. The food comes
wrapped in a wrapper that tells you the history of that place, the history of
its food and the nature of our conflict with that country. At the end of the
six months, there's some kind of special event. This is a dinner that was
done between Pittsburgh and Kabul. It was a simultaneous dinner which
was done over a web cast, so the people in Kabul and people in Pittsburgh
were sharing the same meal and having a conversation with each other. It
really breaks down barriers between people. Addressing commuters has
been a very big issue when we've had our meetings. These are a couple of
examples of how art can enliven commuter areas. A number of people have
brought up the idea of creating art at the train stations or doing something
that really welcomes people into the City through art and connects them to
the people that live here. Putting art in unexpected places. This is a piece
that was put in the Glow Festival in Santa Monica underneath the pier. It
was there for one night, and it's a series of illuminated sculpture that looked
like undersea creatures. They're made out of things like old plastic bags and
electronic parts that bounce up and down as you go underneath the pier. It
feels like you're under water. This temporary piece is a projection on a grain
elevator in Minneapolis. Putting art in alleyways is an interesting thing to
do. This is a very iconic piece that is in Pasadena. It's in a paseo behind the
shopping district. It's only about 10 feet high, but it really has an iconic
stature and is something that people really gravitate towards. Parking
garages can be enlivened by art. This is an example that you're probably
familiar with. It's the parking garage at San Jose airport. A hundred
thousand people see it every day. It basically is made out of two layers of
chain link fence and an image that is created on the chain link fence by
snapping little plastic buttons onto the dividers between the chain link. It
represents the hands of 54 different people in San Jose. They range from
little kids to old people to people that were the head of internet start-up
companies to orchardists. It represents a big variety of people waving at
you. Here's another parking garage in Philadelphia that is a mural created in
vinyl. It is images of dancers. Alleyways can be enlivened by public art. On
the left-hand side we have something that's called Delirious Frites, Delirious
French Fries, in Quebec. It's made out of many pool noodles. On the right,
we've got a piece in Atlanta which is called Inversion with Sky. It's simply
paper that is strung across the alleyway with projections of the daytime sky
projected at night. Down below, an alleyway in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
that's called Cell Phone Disco. It's an LED piece that is activated by the cell

                                                                         Page 4 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
