                          TRANSCRIPT
I'm saying it's possible. We didn't want to say it was out of the question. It
begs the question that there would be multiple uses, of course, on that 8-
acre site. A little bit of the planning for a Public Safety Building there would
have more factors we'd have to be thinking about. In some ways some
sense of joint use or reuse has always been one of the factors that we would
be thinking about in the Cubberley process. There's a little more detail to
why we thought it was a little bit more complicated. On the other hand, we
own the property and it's there.

Council Member Berman: Has there ever been any conversation with the
school district about the possibility? Have they ever weighed in with their
thoughts on it? Obviously, it's our property, but we have talked a lot about
joint use for the whole 35 acres.

Mr. Keene: No, sir. Again, as you well know, we have a new school
superintendant. We've been working well together on the Cubberley site.
We have certainly talked about the need to get the Master Planning process
going this year. There's been receptivity in that regard, but we didn’t get
into details.

Council Member Berman: My last question on prospective sites would be,
two more. First, the Red Cross site has been brought up. There was
different feedback from different folks on what the situation is there. Can
you guys explain what the situation is there?

Mr. Eggleston: We've heard that suggestion. The two issues that kept us
from considering it is it's our understanding it's dedicated parkland or at
least a piece of it. It would take a vote to undedicate parkland, which seems
like a fairly high hurdle. Separately, the fact that it's owned by Stanford and
would be subject to a lease with Stanford. Those were the reasons.

Council Member Berman: Lastly, somebody actually mentioned to me the
other day, and we heard again tonight, the idea of eminent domain, which is
always a very touchy thing. I'll preface that I'm not advocating for it
necessarily. Has that been looked at, studied, used in other communities for
a Public Safety Building? What have we done to take a look at that
possibility?

Mr. Sartor: I am not aware of any eminent domain proceedings for a Public
Safety Building in particular. Michael Ross might. Before I go there, I know
the eminent domain process is a very lengthy process and can be very
controversial. It would obviously take a Council action to start that process.
There would be legal ramifications as well. We haven't considered that as a
tool. As far as I know, I'm not aware of Palo Alto ever invoking eminent
domain.
                                                                          Page 35 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
