                         TRANSCRIPT
multifamily homes, particularly ones that are subsidized for people of more
average means. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Jennifer Hetterly to be followed by
Jane Wong.

Jennifer Hetterly: Good evening, Mayor, Vice Mayor and Council Members.
My name's Jennifer Hetterly. I'm a member and former chair of the Parks
and Recreation Commission. I'm here tonight to speak to Policy C-28 that
sets per capita and proximity guidelines for urban park development. First
though, I'd like to reiterate on behalf of the Commission that the intent of
our memo about growth that was cited last week in the Palo Alto Weekly had
a two-fold purpose. One, to shine light on the strains that population growth
has and increasingly will impose on our parks and natural ecosystems. Two,
to emphasize that investment in the preservation, maintenance and
expansion of that vital infrastructure is fundamental to meeting the growing
and changing needs of our population. Getting back to C-28, I'll speak for
myself on this. I ask that you retain Policy C-28 within the body of the
Comprehensive Plan.        We're lucky to have extraordinary open space
preserves that are well loved and well used, but they can't substitute for the
neighborhood parks that give structure to our daily lives and our community
interactions. Policy C-28 directs the City to look beyond the acreage of our
open space and invest in the expansion of our urban park system. Its per
capita and proximity targets define clear benchmarks to strive for that and
support the culture of our community and the quality of life our residents
want.      With our population growing and our landscape becoming
progressively dense, Policy C-28 and its underlying commitment to
expanding the reach of our urban park system is increasingly important to
serving core values and growing needs in our community. I hope you won't
abandon that commitment or dilute it by sending it down to the level of the
Parks and Rec Master Plan, a plan that will be incorporated only by reference
in the City's principal policy document. While the Master Plan will be a
useful tool for fleshing out the best ways to serve Policy C-28, the policy
itself should stay firmly rooted in the Comprehensive Plan. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jane Wang to be followed by Sarah Jansen.

Jane Wong: Hello, my name is Jane Wong. I grew up in Palo Alto. I went
to Gunn; I'm class of 2005. I currently rent in Barron Park with three other
Gunn alums. It's kind of a constant topic of conversation among us about
how bad the housing situation here is. I came here tonight to speak in favor
of urging the creation of more housing, particularly in multifamily buildings.
I also know several other Gunn alums who, in addition to never being able to
own a house here, are also living at home with their parents and finding it

                                                                       Page 36 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
