                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman:     I'm sorry.   Council Member Filseth, I'm having trouble
hearing you.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry. If I look at the numbers in your memo
here, it's 1.54 square feet of nonresidential development in the nine
monitored areas, and then 1.017 in the non-monitored areas, another 1.3
million square feet in the Med Center, and then another 730,000 square feet
available in the Stanford Research Park. Have I got those numbers right?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. Although, those are all a little bit apples and televisions.
One is monitored areas, one is non-monitored areas, another is a non-
monitored area, and the Research Park is a monitored area. They all vary.

Council Member Filseth: As I add up these numbers, all those numbers add
up to 4.6 million square feet.        Even if you remove the Med Center
completely, which is 1.3 million, then we're still at 3.25 or 3.3 or something
like that. The distinction of monitored versus non-monitored, per the intent
of Policy L-8 20 years ago, seems a little bit secondary to me. As for Council
Member Scharff's commentary earlier that a lot of this, at least in the
original Comp Plan 20 years ago, talked about traffic and maybe the
influences of traffic on the medical facilities were different from other kinds
of facilities. That's probably true. That doesn't necessarily mean we ought
to have them at zero. Maybe they contribute half as much or something like
that. It doesn't seem like it should be zero. As I look at these numbers and
juggle these numbers here, the net net of all this—it doesn't really matter
how we got to this point. What matters is here's where we are and what do
we do now. It looks to me like we're at the cap. I think this puts us actually
at some level into uncharted territory in the City. Have we ever hit a cap in
the Comprehensive Plan, in a Comprehensive Plan in the last four decades?
I don't think we ever have, so we're sort of in a new situation here.

Ms. Gitelman: Through the Mayor, if I can respond. I don't know how to
say this any other way. I completely disagree that we're at the cap. The
way we have interpreted the cap, the Council has interpreted the cap
historically, it's applied to the monitored areas. In the monitored areas,
we're at about 1.5 million square feet. That does not include the hospital. It
does not include the other non-monitored areas where we've had almost 1
million square feet of development. Those don't count towards the 3.2
million square feet. I think it's just not an appropriate interpretation and not
an interpretation that any previous Council or Staff has taken with regard to
L-8.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. That I understand. As I look at this,
let me condition it here as 3.2 million square feet of nonresidential for the

                                                                        Page 112 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
