                         TRASNCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'd like to move that we continue and just finish
out the community services. It's actually a pretty small element, and I think
we could power through it pretty quick if we were focused. The second
thing, I wanted to welcome Jeremy Dennis. I hadn't said that yet. I was
waiting 'til midnight to say that.

Mayor Holman:        I too quickly moved to Council Member Questions,
Comments and Announcements. The City Clerk and I had talked earlier
about finding a place that we could continue community services. I think
people are tired. Even though you think we could power through it, I'm just
a little concerned because I think people are very tired.

Council Member DuBois: Had we decided to take it off?

Mayor Holman: City Clerk was looking for another date that we could take it
up.

Council Member DuBois: I hadn't realized we had made that decision.

Mayor Holman: We didn't make that decision. City Clerk, did you come up
with a date?

Ms. Minor: Not quite yet. We have changed. We're going to do a revised
agenda for September 9th, adding another Closed Session and extending the
labor negotiations to other units. September 15th, which is the agenda
coming out this week, we're making some changes to it and additions. On
the 21st, we have to add another Action Item to that one also. I don't have
a date yet that we can add this to.

Council Member DuBois: Could we go for 30 minutes and see if we finish it?

Mayor Holman: Director Gitelman, do we have—when is this going to the
CAC?

Ms. Gitelman: This is the one where the CAC already got ahead of the
Council on this.   I don't think this one is as much of a priority as
transportation and land use. It's possible we could put it at the end at
November 2nd. Well, let me look at that schedule again.

Mayor Holman: While she's looking, Council Member Burt, did you have a
comment or question too?

Council Member Burt: I just wanted to report out on something.

Mayor Holman: We'll come back to you then.

                                                                     Page 124 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
