                            MINUTES
Council Member Scharff stated serving with Mr. Klein was a pleasure. Mr.
Klein had the unique ability to alter the course of Council discussion.

Vice Mayor Schmid thanked Mr. Klein for sharing ideas, history, stories, and
precedents for 16 years.

Mayor Holman would miss Mr. Klein's grammar, editing, and spelling skills.

Jerry Hill, California State Senator, believed everyone learned from Mr.
Klein. Mr. Klein would continue to work for a High Speed Rail system that
did not harm the community. He presented Mr. Klein with a Resolution from
the State Legislature.

Joe Simitian, County of Santa Clara Supervisor,          noted Mr. Klein's
extraordinary 30 years of service to the community.      Mr. Klein's opinion
always added value to the discussion.

Karen Harwell expressed gratitude to Mr. Klein for his dedication and
outstanding service to the community. Mr. Klein's ability to approach
problems with real, creative solutions benefited the City.

Stephanie Munoz often did not agree with Mr. Klein's view, but she admired
him.

Sandra Slater expressed appreciation for Mr. Klein's service on the Council
on behalf of the environmental community. Mr. Klein could be counted on to
raise environmental aspects of issues.

Lisa Van Dusen had enjoyed seeing Mr. Klein's perspective as well as her
own perspective evolve over 30 years. Mr. Klein had consistently been the
voice of the environment and sustainability.

Tony Klein stated Mr. Klein's passion for Palo Alto and the environment was
unparalleled. Mr. Klein always considered Palo Alto's interests and was
always willing to speak out.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Larry Klein acknowledged his family and their support. Palo Alto was a
superb place to live as evidenced by the awards presented to the City and by
market forces. The City employed good people, and he appreciated them.
The Council should continue to address infrastructure needs and climate
change. Serving on the Council was an honor and privilege.




01/05/2015                                                           216- 290
