                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part A, “Master Plan” after
“Baylands.”

Mayor Holman: Mixed-use guidelines. Can we clarify in the Baylands
reference—I'll look to Staff. Is this appropriate here or is it part of the
Housing Element that we don't want housing on the east side of 101?
Where's the appropriate time to bring that up?

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: That's a vision.

Ms. Gitelman:    Again, Council Member—Mayor Holman, I think we've
addressed that in our Housing Element. We addressed that in our zoning.
We've addressed that in the Land Use Map that governs the City of Palo Alto
which no one has suggested that we revise. I really ...

Mayor Holman: It was suggested.

Ms. Gitelman: I haven't heard that comment.

Mayor Holman: At the last CAC meeting, one of the members brought it up
to me and brought it up at the meeting.

Ms. Gitelman: If the Council feels like they have to provide that direction to
the CAC and to the Staff, then by all means.

Mayor Holman: If you don't think it's necessary, but it was brought it up.
That's why I'm bringing it up. If you don't think it's necessary, then that's
good, that's fine. Just some clarification, if I could get it, on mixed-use
guidelines. What's intended by that?

Council Member DuBois: Again, I don't have my PTC version here. I don't
know if you could look it up, Jeremy. It was a little bit longer than the
Baylands section.

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Holman, it's a section on—my page numbers are cut off.
It's Policy 2.19 in the PTC revisions, mixed-use guidelines. It's a couple of
different new policies and a couple of programs.         We understood the
direction.

Mayor Holman: All right. Council Member Burt.

Council member Burt: First, I think just a cleanup. Section A, I think,
should be split after the word "review." Up until then it refers to the vision
                                                                       Page 97 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
