                         TRANSCRIPT
suitable. "Specify what types," and then jump down to where it says "not
suitable," say "are suitable for."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, “not suitable” with
“are suitable for.”

Mayor Holman: Yes, City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: I just had a question. Before you made that
change, I thought there were two threads or themes at play. One was this
question of job definition. Secondly, there might be job definitions that you
would decide are acceptable, but then the scale of those job definitions
might not be acceptable. The scale piece has sort of disappeared out of here
a little bit.

Mayor Holman: That's ...

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Holman. To add to that, job definitions isn't something
we define within the Planning Code; we define uses.               To make it
complicated, job definitions is not something that we would necessarily be
able to do in the way that I think is being suggested here in "B."

Council Member DuBois: Are you saying when the district says it's for
medical use or accountants or lawyers, that those are uses? That's what I'm
referring to.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. The Code defines uses, not jobs.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) modern uses. Again, I think small
companies could have a programmer, could have a web developer. Is that
different than—I mean, scale becomes a part of it. Again, that's why I
wanted us to look at these kind of modern uses. I think there might be
some definitions that could help there. Like a call center typically has
hundreds of people; what they're doing is sitting in front of a computer just
like a programmer.

Mayor Holman: I think what Staff is saying—if I might interject here—is
evaluate modern use definitions, is what Staff's getting to.    Is that
acceptable, Tom and Pat?

Council Member Burt: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Does that satisfy Staff's ...

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, thank you. That addresses our question.
                                                                      Page 77 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
