                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss:      Mayor Holman, could we do five minutes of
stretching?

Mayor Holman: If we will commit to being more efficient than we were on
that last item. We have another item to take up yet this evening plus a
Closed Session. How about a five-minute stretch?

Council took a break at 9:37 P.M. and returned at 9:45 P.M.

Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Members Wolbach returned to the meeting
at 9:45 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we are returning to the broader budget
discussion.

Council Member Kniss: Who made a Motion?

Mayor Holman: We don't have a Motion yet. I'm not entreating you to try
to bring up something.

Council Member Burt: Since others were silent ...

Mr. Rossmann: I would like to respond to a question that Council Member
Burt requested and speak to the cost of the AEDs which have been discussed
by the Council this evening. Let me take the easier response first. Twenty-
five AEDs cost about $40,000. That's what we would have to budget for the
purchase, and those are the 25 AEDs as proposed by the community
members here tonight. Responding to Council Member Burt's question. He
asked what's the difference in the Fiscal Year 2015 Adopted Budget for
Capital Improvement Fund versus the 2016 Proposed Budget. Before I
respond exactly with the numbers, I would like to outline the way we build
our five-year CIP. In Fiscal Year 2015, the '16 plan year is used as the
baseline for the next year's five-year CIP. In comparison to Fiscal Year
2016, the planned one from last year versus the budgeted one for this year,
changes in dollar amount are hardly $1 million. It hasn't changed much.
The main purpose for the increase is the reappropriations. It accounts for
about 50 percent of the increase. The reappropriation projects which we are
appropriating is the golf course, Lucie Stern Community Center. These are
large projects which we're carrying the funds forward. In response to your
question.

Mayor Holman: We will put on the five-minute timer to try to keep us on
pace at least.



                                                                     Page 62 of 81
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/8/15
