                         TRANSCRIPT
still need your help for one more year. A couple of those things. We're
looking at some kind of statewide program on this medicine disposal issue.
It's still not well organized enough, even though our own county and others
have acted. Things like that and product labeling, we still have some. The
cleaners, there's a bill and then there's a bill on e-cigarettes that didn't
make it through, that I know you're very supportive of. All of these areas,
one more year. Thank you so much.

Mr. Gordon: Just a note. I do have a Select Committee on recycling issues.
We are actually going to hold a committee hearing here in this room, in
these chambers, soon, November 4th maybe. We'll announce it. The focus
of that hearing, a large part, is going to be on hazardous waste and how do
we dispose of sharps and needles, how the paint program is working, etc.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you again. Your participation is much appreciated.
City Manager Keene referred to your time coming to an end. I just want to
clarify he meant your time at the Legislature. We all look forward to the
Rich Gordon that will be serving the public and the community, I'm sure as
I'm sure we all are confident, after your time in the Legislature.

Mr. Gordon: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.
4.   Council Update on Staff Actions in Preparation for 2015-16 Winter
     Storm Season.

Mayor Holman: With that, we go to Item Number 4 which is the Council
update on Staff actions in preparation for the 2015-16 winter storm season.
I know we have some Staff members here as well as Len Matterman.

James Keene, City Manager: Len Matterman is also here. Len, would you
mind joining us up here? Is that okay?

Mayor Holman: Is Staff ready to make your presentation?

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Yes. Good evening, Mayor Holman and
Members of the City Council. I'm Mike Sartor; I'm the Public Works Director
here. We're here tonight to give you guys an update on our efforts that
we've been undertaking over the past several months in preparation for this
year's winter storms. Up here at the table with me is Joe Teresi, our Senior
Engineer in charge of our storm programs, storm drain and storm water
programs; and also we have Len Matterman here who's the Executive
Director of the San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority who is a key
player in all these activities. With that, Joe, I'll turn it over to you.
                                                                     Page 22 of 113
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/19/15
