                          TRANSCRIPT
additional Staff training, and identifying vulnerable populations, as well as
promoting legislative advocacy.
Council Member Kniss: The Resolution, which is in front of us, simply goes
into more detail about what I just said. Probably the best way to put this is
this is definitely involuntary domestic servitude. We may think these are
kids who are from poor homes or who have other kinds of needs; these are
sometimes the kids that you've known in your own community that were
nice kids, who ended up in a really tough, tough spot. Thank you for that.
We appreciate the support.

Mayor Holman: I want to thank you, Council Member Kniss, for bringing this
forward. You responded very quickly to the request and to communications
we'd gotten also from outside. Thank you for that. Very happy to second
the motion. There are sometimes things going on in communities that we're
just not particularly aware of. I think vulnerable is a very unfortunate but
appropriate word in this Resolution, the vulnerable populations. I think that
absolutely is true. There are other things that go on in communities that
just aren't as obvious and that we don't always want to address and, as
leaders, we do really need to address. I look forward to Council Member,
colleague support for the Resolution. I'm sure we will get that to add to
training to help address this issue as we go forward. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, if the Council would indulge me
just quickly. Just in advance of this item coming forward, the Police Chief
gave me an update on sort of current efforts already underway in the Police
Department. First of all, we are participating in the Santa Clara County Task
Force on Human Trafficking. We've assigned a detective as an ongoing Staff
liaison to that group. Our department's already working with the Chamber
of Commerce to encourage the hotel and hospitality community in Palo Alto
to receive specialized training on how to identify human trafficking. This is a
San Mateo County program, and we know that Judy Kleinberg with the
Chamber is connected on this. Police have attended a County-sponsored
workshop on the National Human Trafficking Resource Center.                  As
anticipated in the item, we will be seeking training on human trafficking for
police personnel prior to the Super Bowl and will liaise with the identified
human trafficking work group within the Super Bowl 50 command structure.
We'll keep you posted on other efforts.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, could I add to that?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: There is all of that going on. In particular, I know
Menlo Park is working with all their hotels. I think what I'm hearing you say
                                                                        Page 99 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
