                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I think we have a tendency as a Council,
which I think is a little counterproductive in actually getting things done, is
when Staff comes with a simple suggestion, frankly, that we exempt very
small businesses which have been defined very narrowly, I mean extremely
narrowly. This is a business that has less than one full-time employee. I do
not see this as necessary to either get data on. I mean I don't see how
getting the data on this is going to make any difference. It seems like a
waste of time and extra paperwork for no reason. I see no reason why we
should then go ahead and want to charge these people a fee and collect no
data. It seems like a simple choice. One that we don't have to go to Policy
and Services on and spend a lot of time on. I think that the easy thing to do
is to always kick the can down the road and say let's have Policy and
Services talk about it. I think we should go ahead and make a decision.
These are not difficult decisions. We're a Council; we should be able to
make them as a group sometimes. I think we should go ahead and make
that decision. I think Staff made a real cogent argument of why we should
do it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, speak to your second?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. I pretty much agree with Council Member
Scharff here. I think the purpose of the Business Registry is to get a solid
picture of broad employment trends in Palo Alto. You're talking about sort of
long-tail kind of data, a really tiny amount that's not going to have a
material impact. I think we should keep it as simple as possible and go after
what we came for with the understanding that we're not going to solve every
data problem with the Business Registry.         I'm also persuaded by the
Assistant City Manager's argument about the impracticality of collecting the
kind of parking data that we want on this. The one thing I would say is I
think it would be interesting for Policy and Services to take up the issue of
the Airbnb businesses. If there's a way for that to stay in this, then I think
that's one that's worthy of discussion in Policy and Services. I'm curious as
to the language of the amendment. Does it still allow Policy and Services to
look at that?

Council Member Scharff: It doesn't address that issue at all. If Policy and
Services could talk about that before, they can talk about it now. It
addresses purely the issues of these three things.

Mayor Holman: It's a separate topic that's not part of the amendment,
unless you're offering an amendment to the amendment. I'd actually
suggest that it's a different enough topic, that it would be a separate
amendment certainly and not amending this amendment.


                                                                        Page 34 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
