                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Early 2016 (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: Let's say by March of 2016?

Mr. Reichental: My candid response is Staff and I have to analyze it.
There's a lot of stuff in this that needs some processing.       I'm not
comfortable giving any projections on when we could do the work.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's incredibly ambitious. I'm willing to
support it, Tom, but I think we need to really be checking in with Staff as we
go along to see is this something that actually can be accomplished. We're
pushing on the edges of the Staff's ability, I think, to keep up with what
we're doing. We've been hearing that on a constant basis. When we're at
9:15 and I don't know what time we started this item tonight. Was this our
6:30 item? This is meaning that we're using a lot of Staff time and a lot of
energy on this. I think it's commendable. I think it's a commendable
motion. I'd love to see us head in that direction. I have a feeling that
you're going to have to call in perhaps some extra troops to help with this in
order to get us to that point by the date that we've specified.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, did you have something or not?

Council Member Berman: No.

Mayor Holman: Pardon me for not reading the motion, anybody who's
listening on the radio. It is rather lengthy, and you've heard a fair amount
of discussion about it. All those at the dais, if you'd vote on the board
please. That motion passes unanimously.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman: Council Members, that was a three-hour item.

9.   Approval of the Preferred Concept Plan Line for the Charleston
     Arastradero Corridor Project.

Mayor Holman: Council Members and Staff. Who will be making the Staff
presentation this evening?

Holly Boyd, Public Works Senior Engineer: It'd be me. Hi. My name's Holly
Boyd with Public Works.
                                                                       Page 77 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
