                           TRANSCRIPT
back to you with a set of pretty detailed advice. There may be some parts
of this policy direction that are readily able to be implemented, and others
that may require different types of solutions or we may be describing some
legal limitations on what we're able to do.

Mayor Holman: If you'll note at the end, that's exactly why I introduced the
Interim Ordinance component of this. Appreciate that.

Ms. Gitelman: If I could speak to that. The way this has been defined in
Item a and there are few other provisions later on, this whole endeavor is so
broad that I don't know how that Interim Ordinance provision at the end
would be effective. "A" includes a much broader area than we've provided a
census of. We'd have to do the kind of ground-floor survey of building
spaces and uses that we did in this finite area for that broad area, and bring
you back some additional analysis before we could offer any opinion on the
idea of restricting to just those three uses. We may find medical offices,
auto services uses, other kinds of offices, all kinds of things that don't fall
into those three categories. It's just a huge amount of work that we were
not anticipating when we proposed these discrete changes in the Cal. Ave.
area. The other thing, the Amendment that Council Member DuBois just
made about 18.16.050 raises another issue, which is we were thinking of
looking at the R Overlay District and some discrete changes there. What
you're describing here, by looking at that section in 18.16, is a review of the
zoning that applies to all the commercial districts, CN, CS, CC, and CC(2).
We can certainly do that, but again that's not a discrete exercise as would be
suggested by the portion of this amount of the Interim Ordinance. I don't
know whether the Council wants to try and make this a little narrower or you
want to have two Motions, one that's narrow and specific to Cal. Ave. and
one that's about the rest of the world and retail that would apply. We're
having some trouble as Staff envisioning how we would do any of this in a
short term way.

Mayor Holman: One thing before I go to Council Member Burt, one thing for
Council Member DuBois. On "k," if we can split out "the update Municipal
Code Section ..." to a separate ...

Council Member DuBois:         Could we say "updated as it applies to the
California retail district"?

Mayor Holman:      I don't know that that's going to accomplish what Staff's
concern is.

Council Member DuBois: Within the district ...


                                                                         Page 77 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
