                         TRANSCRIPT
heard, not with clarity about what communities, other communities have had
some level of success in terms of getting some kind of relaxation of revised
routes. What do you know about what other communities have had in terms
of success?

Mr. Palmer: Madam Mayor, that's a difficult question, because I haven't
done a complete survey of that. When the FAA tried to redesign the
airspace over New York and New Jersey a number of years ago, there was
quite a bit of litigation. The FAA had to work several times through different
iterations. I don't know to this day if they've finalized what their airspace
will look like. You're right about the Phoenix metroplex redesign. Whereas
the northern California process is near completion, the Phoenix metroplex
process is at the very early stages. I don't know the complete details. The
FAA did something in terms of changing flights last year that was outside the
scope of this metroplex process or this airspace redesign, and that caused a
lot of the concerns you're hearing about. It led to an amendment being
accepted on the House floor last week about blocking the FAA from spending
any money to continue that airspace redesign in Phoenix.            The FAA
Administrator has said, and a number of his staff have said publicly, they
need to come back and start working better with communities. They realize
their big effort is a process of trying to make the airspace more efficient so
they can handle more aircraft and do it more effectively, efficiently and
safely.     They're admitting that unless they communicate better with
communities, they're going to lose control of that process, and it's going to
fail. Collectively, communities are having an impact on the FAA that the FAA
have not in the past always listened to communities. They're starting to
more and more.

Mayor Holman: If we're in the latter stages of that or almost complete, will
it come back to reconsidering communities like ours?

Mr. Palmer: I don't have a specific answer for you. I don't know what the
FAA will do. In my prior life, I worked a lot with the FAA, both when I was at
the Department of Transportation and a Congressional staffer. I was head
of the aviation subcommittee in the Senate. The FAA has a terrible "not
invented here" syndrome. If they didn't think of it, they don't like to listen
to what other people have to say. They're not exactly coming forward
quickly and trying to change their mind. They have to be dragged into those
kinds of things.

Mayor Holman: Along these lines, what do you hear about—let me say what
I hear besides comments, concerns and frustration if not complaints about
aircraft noise. I'm also hearing that there's not good pilot training. One of
the speakers tonight referred to this. There's speeding up and slowing down

                                                                         Page 60 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
