                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: This would only be if we're split four-four?

Mayor Holman: Four-four does not get us anyone. We have to have five
votes.

Council Member Scharff: Right. That's what I mean. If we're split—if we
don't have—you said if it was a tie. You mean if they get five votes for
every one (inaudible)?

Mayor Holman: Yeah, if we get two or three people that have five votes—we
can't get three people with five votes—then we would do cumulative votes.
Is that agreeable to people? Okay. All right, very good. Having resolved
that, Council Member DuBois, did you have something before ...

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I just have a quick one I wanted to add to
Item 15. I had it originally down for the Item 14 discussion, but it's really
more process, so I think it'll get lost. I brought this up before. I think it's
really important that we have a way to prioritize or call the number of
policies that come out. I was just going to suggest that when you bring an
element to us, maybe you develop a target for the number of policies you
think is reasonable in the timeframe. You bring the element to us that
comes out of the CAC, but you kind of show us what's above the line and
below the line. Like, they had 200 policies; I think we can do 75. Here's
some idea of priorities. Again, I'm just worried that we're going to expand
every element, and there's nothing in the schedule or process about kind of
the prioritization step.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. I think actually the CAC
would welcome the Council's direction to err on the side of not adding
endlessly policies and programs, but to try and limit those. I think they'd
welcome that input.

Council Member DuBois: I'm asking when you come to us to have an idea of
their priorities, maybe a ranked order or some kind of system.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure that we're going to get all the way to a ranking
or prioritization of policies. I hear what you're saying, and we can try and
identify those things that were clear consensus items that the CAC identified
as the most important issues or policies within the element and then those
that were less so.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just concerned, again, with the schedule. If
there's not a process, we can try that. I actually like the Parks and Rec, you
have $10, spend it on these 100 policies. That would at least give us some
data. Something to think about.
                                                                        Page 81 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
