                          TRANSCRIPT
that area and along the El Camino Corridor. In Downtown, it's a slightly
smaller net, but not smaller by all that much. We have proposed these
boundaries to you. Again, there's an alternative for your consideration in
the Staff Report if you'd like to get into this issue in more detail. On the
question of land uses and exemptions, we're recommending that we create
an annual limit that would apply to most or all of the uses that were listed in
the Staff Report. We would, again, clarify that accessory office uses would
not be affected, nor would government offices.               We've included a
recommendation in the Staff Report that we create some kind of exemption
for small projects; 1,000 to 2,000 square feet just as a starting place. The
reason for that is that the definition of gross square footage in the Code is
one of those areas that require a pretty consistent interpretation on the part
of Staff in making decisions on projects. Until that definition can be revised
or we all get more familiarity with it, we thought that it was a good idea to
have an exemption for small projects, so we don't fight about it. When
we're talking about 1,000 square feet, do we want to argue about whether it
is or isn't gross square feet? The stakes get much higher when we have a
pacing mechanism like is being anticipated here. The next issue is process.
We have prepared a Staff recommendation that's based on the Council
direction in March. This is the area of this whole idea that is the trickiest. It
is challenging to come up with a process that works, that is easy to
administer, and would be fair to all applicants likely to try and find their way
through our process. The process we recommend is one in which people
could apply just as they do now, but we would essentially have to hold
applications until a certain point late in the fiscal year when we would know
whether the 50,000-square foot limit was going to be exceeded. If it wasn't
going to be exceeded, then the applications would be processed as normal.
If it was going to be exceeded, the applications would come to Council for
prioritization. We are continuing to think about this. It's clear to us as Staff
that, if we decided to do a first-come first-serve thing for all applications or
for smaller applications, it'd be much simpler to administer and much easier
to move forward with crafting an ordinance. We'll leave that to Council.
Also, we're continuing to look at models from other jurisdictions. We know
that Cupertino has been pursuing something like a pacing mechanism.
Recently, we've been talking to someone in San Rafael who used a
mechanism like this in the past. It's no longer current, but it's something
they've used, they think successfully, in the past. In terms of criteria, if we
were to set up a competitive program, the Council's motion back in March
provided a list of criteria that we've included in our Staff Report as a
recommendation, and they're summarized again here. Maybe secondary to
the process question, the question of the pipeline and how we treat pending
applications is also a difficult issue. Our recommendation is to think of
pipeline projects as pending discretionary applications, and then test the
annual limit in the next fiscal year, which is right around the corner starting
                                                                         Page 33 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
