                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to state the motion please?

Vice Mayor Schmid: To approve Staff recommendations to adopt the water
rates.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a second please.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach seconds.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to approve Staff recommendation to adopt Water rates.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We have the 8 percent increase. It is built into our
longer term needs for a major redoing of the safety of the Hetch Hetchy
water system. It is the first of several that will be coming. On top of that,
we are likely to see increases for drought measures. As the speaker noted,
there is likely to be a lot of call for residents to respond to our current
situation in California. This is an indication of change, but an important and
significant one.

Mayor Holman: We shall vote on the board to adopt the recommended
water rates. That motion passes unanimously with everyone participating.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13.   Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding Establishment of an
      Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit Applicable to Downtown, the
      California Avenue Area, and the El Camino Corridor on an Interim
      Basis (Continued From June 1, 2015).

Mayor Holman: At this time, we do have one recusal.

Council Member DuBois: Again, my wife works for Stanford, and Stanford is
a major owner of commercial property. Because we're discussing a cap that
does not include the Research Park, it could provide a benefit to the
Research Park. Therefore, I will be recusing myself from this item.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Council
Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. We're here this evening
to continue a conversation that was begun at the end of March of this year.
It's a conversation precipitated by the job growth and resulting impacts that
we've seen in Palo Alto and the region since the recession ended. This is a
                                                                       Page 30 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
