                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the end of "p" "and to do so on a less
urgent basis than the above directives."

Council Member Wolbach: As I mentioned earlier, what was "p" and is now
"o,"—like Council Member Burt said, I know it's late but I want to make sure
we don't get this wrong. "O" requires some clean up. There are a couple of
key things we're trying to get at here. One is severability, and the other is
prioritization. We have identified a couple of things for high and low priority.
That's great. I would like to clean up the language on "o" to clarify that
we're looking for severability. If things need to be separated, I don't know
that the way to do that is for something to come on an Urgency Ordinance.
The way to separate them is to say ...

Mayor Holman: Urgency Ordinance, Interim Ordinance.

Council Member Wolbach: Or even Interim Ordinance. The way to separate
them is to give Staff the leeway to bring things back as they're able and as
appropriate. I would offer a friendly Amendment to that end. Hopefully it's
accepted. "If any of the resulting recommendations require additional
research, Staff is directed to proceed with items as feasible and appropriate
with full severability."

Mayor Holman: I don't think that adds any clarity. I don't accept that.
What we're looking for in "o" is for Staff to determine those things that they
can do on a reasonable timeframe that's more or less been identified by
Council Member Scharff in terms of addressing new projects coming down
the pipeline. Staff has to have the latitude to understand and know what to
bring forward when. We're relying on Staff's judgment.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me ask Staff then. In order to make sure
that this gives you clear, simple latitude, should we amend "o" to make it a
little bit shorter, simpler, sweeter or to give you greater latitude?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. As I indicated earlier,
from a Staff perspective, we're hoping to come up with a strategy that
doesn't involve an Interim Ordinance, because it's just another step. What
we were thinking, based on the balance of this, is that we would craft a
pretty simple Ordinance, bring it to the Planning Commission. Those things
that didn't fit into the simple priority Ordinance would be in the parking lot.
The Ordinance would come to the Council with a recommendation, and all
the other issues that we were still analyzing would come to the Council. You
would know we're still working on this other list. We'd get the simpler
Ordinance to you as quickly as we could. I don't know that "o" is consistent

                                                                        Page 100 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
