                          TRANSCRIPT
year, sometimes even more often. You must be talking about something
slightly different. Maybe it's just the semantics on that.

Ms. Figone: What I'm talking about is—Liz, we can look at it a little bit more
closely. If you look at the yellow matrix, which is Attachment 2, I'm actually
just talking about one piece of the input. It's 1b, and it is the survey that ...

Council Member Kniss: 1b?

Ms. Figone: Yes. If you just look at Page 1, Item 1b, direct report survey.
What I'm talking about is, of these four pieces of the initial stage of
gathering feedback about the CAO's performance, which is this front-end
starting point to this process, 1b is what you do every other year.

Council Member Kniss: The rest you continue on with?

Ms. Figone: Continue it. It may be tweaked ...

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. Thanks for that clarification.

Ms. Figone: The others might be tweaked, but I'm not recommending
abandoning those every year. Does that make sense?

Council Member Kniss: Uh-huh. It'll be interesting to hear from our CAOs
when we do it.

Ms. Figone: It would be. Let me just quickly, again, recap for you what's on
Page 2 of the report in the executive summary. I know there's a lot of
pages and a lot of documents here, but as a way to help you focus. Item A,
in terms of the input process for the director reports, our recommendation,
again, you may not agree with this, MRG can do this. We can factor it into
the follow-up discussions about the contract, but debrief the direct report
process among the CAOs. Make sure they all are aligned on what they
would like out of it. If the process stays the same, fine. If they want
changes of significance, those could go back to the Committee. Do that,
work on the issues that surfaced in the current year in 2016, and re-
administer whatever survey or tool is agreed on in time for the 2016
evaluation process, which happens in 2017, because you're always a year in
arrears. That's the biennial part of it. In the next year, even though you're
not going to administer or if you agree we could just administer a direct
report survey, you would still ask your CAOs to comment in their self-
assessments and essentially you hold them accountable for the things that
you heard about as you move into next year's evaluation process. Does that
make sense? Those are our recommendations. I don't know if you want to
bookmark those, Mr. Chair, and then we can keep moving. The second area
                                                                                     Page 10 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
