                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'd like to try to keep us on schedule, so I'll just
say some quick comments and you can choose to reply if you want. I think
meaningful congestion relief is a great phrase. I like it, but I think as we get
closer to the election, it's going to help if you can perhaps help define it. I
think people can hear whatever they want to hear in that phrase.

Supervisor Simitian: As Governor Brown would say, we need to tangibilitize
that phrase.

Council Member DuBois: I've personally been trying to focus on Caltrain
trenching. I think it's pretty critical. One thing, I think you made comments
on BRT. I mean, do you see that as being funded by this sales tax?

Supervisor Simitian: I think most of the Council Members know BRT, Bus
Rapid Transit. There is a proposal from the VTA staff to put dedicated lanes
for Bus Rapid Transit up and down El Camino Real from Palo Alto down
through Mountain View, Los Altos and Sunnyvale, and south from there. I
don't see it being funded by a transportation tax, let me start there. My
worry—thank you for reminding me—is that the continued push for Bus
Rapid Transit and a dedicated lane will alienate potential supporters for a
transportation tax. I've said that once or twice. I don't think the VTA staff
is as sensitive to that possibility frankly as they could be or should be. I sit
on one of the more obscure bodies, the Policy Advisory Board for El Camino
Real Bus Rapid Transit. In 2013 and '14, it was a great assignment because
the group never met once. Now, however, things have heated up. At the
last meeting, I asked—Mr. Wolbach sits on the same body—I said, "Let me
just go through the four cities that I represent, Palo Alto, Los Altos,
Mountain View and Sunnyvale. Do any of them have a majority of their
Council Members who have voted to support this?" The answer was no, no,
no and no. Mountain View's a little bit tougher because they had a 3-1 vote
on a seven member Council, so a simple majority but not an absolute
majority. I have consistently said, "You have a project a underway on Santa
Clara and Alum Rock to do Bus Rapid Transit. Why don't you finish it and
then let's see how it works?" Right now, I don't think the public is prepared
to accept the modeling and the data as significant assurance that this thing
won't simply be a tremendous boondoggle that once it happens, it's hard to
reverse. The Staff is disinclined to take that view. I think that it would be
unwise to push ahead. I think that not only would it be unwise in terms of
the net result for Bus Rapid Transit; I think it has the potential to take $6
million worth of congestion relief and shove it aside, if you have a group of
folks who are unhappy with the VTA decision-making process.

Council Member DuBois: One last quick one. I'm really interested in some
kind of vehicle habitation kind of managed overnight parking.         You

                                                                         Page 21 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
