                         TRANSCRIPT
happens if we give them these agreements and they don't start construction
for a year or for two years or for three years. What happens? They're
committing to a lot of cities, but I think they only have three turned on at
this point. I think it might be useful if we prioritized fiber and wireless,
because I think we are trying to do a lot of things at the same time. The
expansion of Wi-Fi to the parks and other buildings, a lot of cities have
negotiated for free Wi-Fi with Google. I would not expend money on that
with CTC until we get clarity from Google. We may find that we just get Wi-
Fi in our parks for free working with Google. I don't think any of these
comments really change the motion, but I think, Jim, you were kind of
saying let's have kind of a discussion. That's kind of some of my feedback
on things to focus on. If we move forward with this RFI, I hope it does come
by March, and ideally quicker. I think, again, there's some time pressure
here. We had some speakers say it's kind of the first one in the ground.
There were also three months to evaluate responses to that RFI. Is that
normal? Does it usually take that long when we issue an RFI?

Mr. Keene: I think so. The reason we put a range in there is the RFI scope
had multiple aspects to it. I mean, it was a muni-owned and out source of
public-private, Google in, Google out. To the sense that we're able to either
simplify or streamline some of those things, we might be able to get some of
it done faster.

Council Member DuBois: I think the original intent in September was that
RFI would be out before we had these Google decisions. If it's coming March
of next year, I think Google in or out will be decided at that point. I think
that's it for my comments.

Mr. Reichental: Can I actually respond to a couple of items real quick?

Mayor Holman: Sure, of course.

Mr. Reichental: I'll do it real brief. Just because you asked the questions, I
wanted to be able to answer them. Any discussion of Google coming and
everything is clearly we are speculating, but they're giving positive signals.
It's not 100 percent in terms of coverage. They said they would try to pass
every home, maybe with the exception of some homes up in the Foothills
that were hard to reach. It's a little less than 100 percent.

Council Member DuBois: That's news from even last week. That's like 500
homes, not 5,000 homes.

Mr. Reichental: Yes, it is. That's right. We're getting the information pretty
real-time too. In terms of building, we'll wait for Google to make formal
what their determination is. If things progress, they would want to be
                                                                         Page 103 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
