                         TRANSCRIPT
a prior element. That's the only reason I’m reluctant. I'm sympathetic to
the intent here. It's just a question of placement.

Mayor Holman:       I think what we're talking about here is the direct
relationship between residential and business districts.  I think it is
appropriate in the Business chapter.

Council Member DuBois: If you look at the current vision, it's really just a
mild explanation of what's there. The sentence is already there on Page 12.

Mayor Holman: Page 12 of Attachment A again.

Council Member DuBois:     It's really that third sentence that we're talking
about.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess that's fine.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, we are ready to vote on the Vision
Statement for the Comprehensive Plan in the Business & Economics chapter.
It is the current Vision Statement with the following change: to replace
sentence 3 with the "competing needs of residents and businesses will be
prioritized so that neighborhoods are protected from traffic impacts, parking
intrusion, noise and pollution while business districts are competitive and
attractive." Vote on the board please. I need to correct myself. That was
the amendment. That's been passed. Now we need to vote on the Vision
Statement with the amendment included. Council Member DuBois. That
also passes on a 5-0 vote with Council Members Berman, Scharff, Burt and
Kniss absent. Thank you all.

AMENDMENT AS AMENDED PASSED:               5-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff
absent

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: Now we go to the goals for the Business & Economics
chapter. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to move that we adopt the current
organization as opposed to the revised organization.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to adopt the current Goals and organization for the Business and Economic
Element.

                                                                       Page 70 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
