                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'd leave it far more flexible than that.

Council Member DuBois: I think that's totally appropriate. (inaudible) kind
of goes to the heart of the Land-Use Element (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Tom, could you speak into your microphone please?

Council Member DuBois: Sorry. It kind of goes to the heart of the Land Use
Element. It does define what kind of work goes into what kind of area of the
City. Like I've tried to express a couple of times, I think that's changed
since 1998. It's broken a little bit, and that's what this is trying to capture.
It's really just directing Staff to look at those definitions and see how they
map up to our CC, CD, CN, research, different zones.

Council Member Kniss: If I might answer, Karen? The large scale is what
I'm concentrating on. Large scale defines just what that says, evaluate job
definitions, blah, blah, blah, large scale commercial operations are not
suitable Downtown.

Council Member DuBois: If you can propose different words that capture
that. I think if you read our current Land Use Element, that's a lot of the
intent that's there.    Again, it was easier—it talks about things like
accountants and lawyers and services for Downtown, a very different
description than the things that happen on East and West Bayshore and
Fabian Way and the Research Park.

Council Member Kniss: At this hour, I'm not ready to completely rewrite it.

Council Member DuBois: I was trying to capture that intent.

Council Member Kniss: I'm fine with the rest of it, but I'd certainly like to be
able to vote no on "B." If there's no way I can vote no on "B," otherwise I'll
have to vote no on the whole thing. Even though I agree with the rest of it.

Mayor Holman: We can pull out "B" separately.

Council Member Kniss: I would really appreciate that.

Mayor Holman: Or if you can come up with language to modify it that might
be acceptable to the maker.

Council Member DuBois: Could I propose ...

Council Member Kniss: I'd have to neutralize it pretty substantially.



                                                                         Page 75 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
