                              MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid noted in 2009 the Council eased limits on retail in the
Downtown District. Between 2008 and 2014, the City lost 70,000 square
feet of retail space. At the micro level, the Council made three decisions in
an attempt to protect retail through Planned Community (PC) Zones. The
term retail was defined as the sale of goods in small quantities to the
ultimate consumers. The nature of a retail block changed over time. The
services element became more important when household income reached
$70,000-$75,000. He questioned whether retail included private clubs,
private banks, classes, conference centers, and specialized professional
services. He suggested the Council review the definition of retail as the
1964 Civil Rights Act had a better definition of retail. He encouraged Council
Members to consider carefully the definition of retail and attempt to capture
the types of businesses they wanted to protect.

Council Member Scharff felt the Council needed to reach consensus on an
interim ordinance. He would not grandfather in legal, nonconforming uses
or the pipeline projects.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to direct Staff to prepare and return to Council with an urgency
ordinance, including at a minimum the following:

   1. A Citywide prohibition on converting existing ground floor retail uses to
      other uses until existing retail protections can be reviewed and revised
      as needed. Extend the same protections to eating and drinking uses,
      personal services, hotels, theatres, and travel agencies (permitted
      ground floor uses in the Downtown GF Combining District);

   2. Apply the prohibition to those retail services operating as of March 2,
      2015 and for which no discretionary application involving a change of
      use has been submitted to the City by March 2, 2015;

   3. Include within the ordinance an appeal to the City Council in cases of
      financial hardship or showing that the facility is unsuited for successful
      retail use;

   4. Allow existing retail service facilities to be demolished and rebuilt
      provided that the retail square footage is only reduced by the
      minimum amount needed to provide access to any new upper floors
      and/or lower level parking;

   5. Retail services that are grandfathered in as legal nonconforming uses
      shall not be protected or required to remain;



04/06/2015                                                              117- 184
