                         TRANSCRIPT
been counted towards the retail, but Staff strongly discouraged them from
doing so. I was quite shocked that Staff would strongly discourage them
from doing so.    Let's see, was there anything else that I had major
discussions about? No, I think that was it.

Council Member Wolbach: I met with the Appellant, and I did not learn
anything in that meeting which was not already in the record.      No
substantial changes in my thinking or understandings based on that
meeting. We did visit the project site during that meeting.

Council Member Kniss: I won't go into quite the detail that Council Member
Scharff has gone into. I met with both the Appellant and with the Applicant.
I know the Appellant; I know the Applicant. I also did extensive touring. I
talked with Michaela at the flower shop, and I talked with several other
people who are involved along Kipling StreetStreet. I have also spent a
good deal of time touring in that area and looking at this site from many
different angles.

Council Member Burt: I had a phone conversation with the Applicant and
met onsite with the appellant and did not receive any materials that are not
otherwise in the record.

Council Member DuBois: I walked around the site. I met the appellant. I
didn't learn anything that's not in the record.

Mayor Holman: I met with the appellant onsite. I have toured the site
several times before and since. Quite by happenstance, I also had a
conversation with the florist from Stapleton's who talked about challenges
that they are concerned about, having to do with deliveries. That seems to
conclude our disclosures.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just clarify the conduct of the hearing.
It's customary to hear ten minutes from the Appellant, ten minutes from the
Applicant, both will also have a three minute rebuttal after the public
testimony a representative from the [Architectural Review Board] ARB is in
the room, so perhaps after the first two speakers we could hear from the
ARB's representative.

Public Hearing opened at 7:12 P.M.

Michael Harbour, Appellant: Dear members of the City Council, on behalf of
my fellow co-appellants and countless Palo Altans, I'm here tonight to
present the facts that support the appeal of the proposed building at 429
University Avenue at Kipling Street. Shown in the photo are the five
storefronts that are slated for demolition with this project. We believe
                                                                      Page 24 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/04/15
