                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: How explicit then is that Conditional Use Permit? You
go from one tenant to another. In one case, they might be virtually
identical. In other cases, they may be similar uses. How do we distinguish
those?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, this is a fact-based discussion. When someone
obtains a use permit, say, for a financial service use and it's a bank, and
then another financial service use wants to come in under the same use
permit, we have to evaluate whether it is in fact the same use and whether
it can comply with the same conditions. It's possible they might need to
amend the use permit.

Council Member Burt: Or be denied? Why would we give that Amendment,
if it's a use that is not what we're intending to continue, for instance?

Ms. Gitelman: The example I gave was a like use. If it's a question of just
complying with conditions, presumably we could say, "I'm sorry. If you can't
comply with the conditions, you can't operate there." The use permit does
run with the land. Maybe Cara can amplify if you'd like.

Council Member Burt:       We've got to understand where we draw the
boundaries on what is the same use. That goes into the same issue on
whether we have adequate definitions on some of these retail uses. Let me
go to another item, which is this scenario where we have a real estate office
which, if I understand it right, was initially a permitted retail use under
business services. Is that correct? No?

Ms. Gitelman: It was permitted as some kind of neighborhood business
service. Currently, we would consider it a general business office.

Council Member Burt: When it was allowed to enter that site, it was
essentially a permitted retail use under this definition?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know. We'd have to research that. I don't believe it
was permitted as retail. I think it was permitted as this other thing,
neighborhood business service, that we don't have that definition currently.

Council Member Burt: When that definition was around before, was it part
of what was our broader definition of retail?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't believe so, no. It's was a separate use and distinct
from retail.

Council Member Burt: That probably answers my questions, but I want to
tell you what I'm getting at. If we have a scenario where we change the

                                                                        Page 30 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
