                         TRASNCRIPT
Staff's been working with the Parks and Recreation Commission and the
public to determine recommended next steps. We ask the Council this
evening to approve the following course of action which is to complete the
Buckeye     Creek    hydrology   study   before   making     any    specific
recommendations for possible future use of the newly dedicated parkland;
direct Staff to return to the Parks and Recreation Commission to finalize
recommendations for Council on the use of the 7.7 acres after the hydrology
study is complete; and direct Staff to evaluate the impacts of these
recommendations on the Acterra nursery that exists there. To give Council
some further context of the work that we've done so far, we have Daren
Anderson here. He's the Division Manager of Parks and Open Space and
Golf. Daren has been with the City—for how long, Daren?

Daren Anderson, Parks, Open Space and Golf Division Manager:              Sixteen
years.

Mr. de Geus: Sixteen years. He was a Park Ranger, a Senior Park Ranger,
and knows the parks better than anyone and spent a lot of time up in
Foothills Park. He's done a tremendous amount of work on this, which I
appreciate. He's going to give us a little presentation here for the discussion
and action.

Mr. Anderson:       Good evening.     Thanks so much for giving me the
opportunity to share the Park and Recreation Commission's recommendation
and Staff's recommendation regarding the 7.7 acres. I want to start by
walking you through this aerial photograph of the site. Just to orient you—
I'm going to use the cursor if you can see it. In the bottom right, you can
see Oak Grove picnic area. Just to the left of that, the City's maintenance
yard, shop. As you enter into the 7.7-acre area, just to the left you'll see
this .53-acre section where Acterra has their nursery. This red line passing
through is the emergency access easement that must be maintained. It
passes right on through this 7.7-acre parcel and onto Los Trancos Road.
This entire site is bordered on three areas by private residences. There is a
home here, and another home on this end. This parcel was given to the City
in 1981 by the Lee family to be used for conservation and park and
recreation purposes. Between March and August 2014, Council dedicated
this parcel as parkland and directed Staff to work with the Commission to
come up with a recommendation for the best uses of that land. Since fall of
2014, Staff and the Commission have worked very closely to develop ideas
for specific land use options. We started with public outreach. In October
2014, we conducted four Ranger-led tours of the facility, of the site. On
October 18, a community meeting up at Foothills Park where 27 members of
the community participated and shared their thoughts and ideas on how best
to use this site. There were three major themes that came about in this
                                                                        Page 45 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
