                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: As the City Attorney already described, we have to vote on
Amendment Number 2 first.

Council Member Wolbach: We could also delay it and come back to it before
the end of the Action Item.

Mayor Holman: We have to vote on it. Just vote on ...

Council Member Wolbach: Can I just ask one clarifying question? Is it an
amendment to the motion or an amendment to the amendment.

Mayor Holman:      The amendment to the amendment, which is an
independent amendment, which we're voting on separately now. That
amendment fails on a 4-4 vote.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT FAILED:                      4-4 Berman, Filseth,
DuBois, Kniss no, Scharff absent

Council Member Berman: A couple of amendments. If you could scroll back
down. Sorry, guys. I know you're trying to do eight things at once. These
are contradictory amendments actually. I'd offer the first amendment is to
remove "or North County" from Number 1. I'll offer it as an amendment
first. It would be "dedicated funding for Caltrain grade separations in Palo
Alto and other Caltrain capacity improvements."

Mayor Holman: Is that accepted by the maker?

Council Member Wolbach: Give me five seconds to think about that.

Council Member Berman: I guess I should have prefaced it with my
reasoning first. Got to get better at that.

Council Member Wolbach: Can I defer to the suggester of the friendly
amendment to hear his reasoning?

Council Member Berman: Sure. The reasoning is this is Palo Alto's projects.
Grade separation is something that we really do focus on in Palo Alto. I'll
offer a different amendment actually in a second for Number 3. I think it's
really important that we get funding for grade separations in Palo Alto and
that that be Palo Alto's priority, not that we prioritize North County for this
one issue.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll accept that.

                                                                       Page 103 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
