                          TRANSCRIPT
The City Clerk will accept written protests until the public hearing on this
matter is closed. Protestors can submit comments at this meeting or on
June 15th. At the conclusion of this public hearing, the City Clerk will count
the number of written protests against the proposed rate increases, and the
Council will determine whether a majority protest exists for each rate. If a
majority of customers and property owners have not submitted protests by
the close of the public hearing tonight, the City Council may adopt the new
wastewater and refuse rate schedules as part of the Ordinance adopting the
budget for Fiscal Year 2016. At this time we will open the public hearing on
the Proposed Budget as well as the Prop 218 changes to wastewater and
refuse rates.

Public Hearing opened at 7:31 P.M.

Frank Ingle: I want to speak about the Municipal Fee Schedule. I hope this
is the right time and place. There are at least five neighborhoods who will
come tonight to talk about single-story overlay fees and make a request
again that you waive the fees at least temporarily. I'll argue that it will be to
the benefit of the City to do this. Not only will it make the residents happier
if they can have more control over changes in their neighborhood, but right
now there will be a lot of appeals, and each one costs the City a lot of time
in the Planning Department as well as City Council to decide. With the
single-story overlays, there'll be much less of that, because there will be
much more clarity about what people can do. My circumstances that I've
lived in Midtown 35 years in a basic Eichler on an Eichler street. The zoning
and the Individual Review was not successful in preventing a house being
built next to me that's twice the floor area, 2 1/2 times the height and only a
one-car garage. We see a land rush happening in our neighborhood and
many neighborhoods, and would like to have a collective ability to control
that to some extent. I hope you'll consider waiving the fees for a year.
There's some precedent for this. Thank you.

Renee Banerjee Flemish: Thank you, Council leaders. Thank you, Mayor
Holman, for the opportunity to share my comments with you tonight. My
name is Renee Flemish, and I'm here representing the Los Robles
neighborhood of original Eichler homes. As you know, the main living areas
of our homes are see-through walls of glass. While that makes for a
wonderful connection to nature, it also exposes our lives to whoever can see
in. Privacy is sacred when you live in an Eichler. Last fall at our annual
block party, our homeowners who span in age from early 30s to 99 years old
came together and shared our interest in pursuing an SSO to protect what
we see as an increasingly rare neighborhood. In this era of social media and
online everything, it is such a treasure to live on a block where people know
each other and gather frequently, where neighbors share meals and
                                                                          Page 24 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
