                          TRANSCRIPT
businesses types on City revenue generation; consider revenue sources as
part of their discussion; cross-reference growth management strategies from
the Land Use Element; direct CAC and Staff to consider policies and
programs to promote business programs and employer partnerships to
significantly mitigate impact of job growth including but not limited to
parking, housing and traffic; direct Staff to replace Goal B-2 with "the City's
business policies, culture of innovation, balanced economic goals and diverse
local and regional-serving businesses combined to stimulate and support
viable commercial, retail and professional service business opportunities."
With that, vote on the board please. That passes on a 5-0 vote. Council
Members Berman, Scharff, Burt and Kniss absent. Thank you all. Vice
Mayor Schmid.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff absent

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a question about L-8.       When does it come back
and the Council deal with it?

Mr. Dennis: On January 19th, the Council's going to be having a joint
session with the CAC to discuss the Draft Environmental Impact Report.
We'll be teeing up the conversation during that presentation. I think there'll
be an opportunity then to have that happen.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess that was listed as a Study Session, and there
will be a total of 35 people involved in it. How can the Council deal with L-8?

Mr. Dennis: We'll be coming back after that. We're going to start the
conversation on January 19th, and we'll bring it back to the Council to
complete.

Vice Mayor Schmid: After the Study Session or some other time?

Mr. Dennis: Not on January 19th.

Mayor Holman: We did have some discussion about that, did we not? Did
we have a discussion about that being an Action Item? That wasn't it, was
it?

Ms. Gitelman: We're going to have to figure out how to convene a joint
session between the Council and a group of 20-something people. We're
still working on the logistics there. Just given the number of people
involved, it would be optimistic to think we could have it as an Action Item.
It'll probably be a Study Session. We'll have to follow up with an Action
Item to get direction from the Council at a later date. We'll work that out
before the 19th.
                                                                         Page 84 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
