                          TRANSCRIPT
this motion. In the interests of expediency, in my mind we're back to
punting on that.

Council Member Filseth: The problem is that if you add up all the projects
here, the '13 and '14, you're looking at 140,000 square feet already. That
would be like the largest year in memorable history. Two things. One is our
criteria in the past has been approval as opposed to submitting an
application. That's a reasonable place to draw the line. A good project will
still be a good project in 2016. If it's a good project, then presumably it'll
rise to the top of the criteria and it'll get approved then.

Council Member Scharff: Of the 100-some thousand square feet, 70,000 is
already complete or approved.

Council Member Filseth: It's not approved; it's just complete.

Council Member Scharff: Park Boulevard is.

Council Member Filseth: I agree with (inaudible).

Council Member Scharff: It's not that much more, and it's a fairness issue.
I don't think the default is that we then punt. The default is maybe we don't
get an office cap. This is an important issue to me. I'm willing to give in on
the first issue where we had a fight about it and it was a 4-4 vote, and
support doing away with the area plans for the two years and looking at it. I
do not feel comfortable, and I won't vote for the office cap if we don't
include the 2000, 2014. I would be willing, if Staff came back to us and
said, "These people haven't done anything in six months on this project."
That may very well be that PC project; I don't know. If people have been
working on this and haven't abandoned it, I don't think it's right.

Council Member Filseth: It is a lot more office space if you look at the
criteria of approval versus application complete. On the approval, we
approved Park Boulevard, so I agree with you on that one. That one should
go forward and be part of the thing. It is a lot more office space if you
separate approved versus submitted.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a clarification. Is this list a list of everything in the
pipeline? There are no submissions from 2013 or 2014 that are not on this
list. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: This is the list of pending discretionary applications in our
department as of March 31st. There could be applications that have come in
since March 31st; although, I don't know of any. There could be things that
don't rise to the level of requiring a discretionary approval or were a
                                                                         Page 89 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
