                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Actually I'm voting with Tom's lights.

Mayor Holman: It's okay. The amendment fails on a 6-3—wait a minute,
somebody's got two lights on up there. Council Member Filseth, are you
abstaining or voting no?

Council Member Filseth: I was trying to vote no, but my light (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: We'll take it as a no.          It's 5-3 with Council Members
Berman, Schmid and Wolbach voting yes.
AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-5 Berman, Schmid, Wolbach yes, Burt absent

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main motion, which is a motion by
Council Member Scharff and Council Member Kniss to adopt the ordinance—
this is the Minimum Wage Ordinance—and direct the Policy and Services
Committee to discuss exploring the option of excluding tipped employees as
soon as possible. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:        I'd like to offer an amendment, friendly or
unfriendly, that ...

Council Member Scharff: I thought you wanted to hurry this up.

Council Member Berman: I didn't want you to bring it up in the first place.
To change it to "discuss potential exemptions to the ordinance." I'm not
comfortable with the "as soon as possible," but I'll leave it in there. I really
want to make sure it's when Staff has done the research necessary and is
ready. That's not in the amendment. It's changing "discuss exploring the
option of excluding tipped employees" to "discuss exploring potential
exemptions to the ordinance."      I won't speak to it until if given the
opportunity.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you accept that amendment?

Council Member Scharff: I don't, but since it's my only opportunity to talk to
it. In principle, I actually don't have a problem with it. I actually don't want
this to become where we talk about everything. I want it to be focused and
deal with a particular issue in the community. Therefore, I'm going to say
no.

Mayor Holman: You need a second to your amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.



                                                                        Page 61 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
