                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman explained that the preamble to Attachment B, suggestions for
Procedures and Protocols, identified that some of the suggestions were not
necessarily Procedures and Protocols.

Council Member Berman suggested changing the Motion to referral to "a"
Committee of the Whole rather the “next”.

Council Member Burt indicated the next Committee of the Whole could defer
the item to a subsequent meeting if necessary.

Council Member DuBois asked if Council Members should respond to the City
Manager's request to rank projects.

Mayor Holman recommended that be a separate item.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Mayor Holman requested suggestions for addressing the work plan provided
by the City Manager.

Council Member Kniss reported the room setup was not suitable for
discussion as she could not see who was speaking. In addition, there was
no projection of Motions for Council Member review and consideration.

Mayor Holman agreed.

Mr. Keene explained that the room setup was suitable for the single camera
recording the meeting. He preferred Council Members sit around a table.
Once multiple cameras were installed, the room setup would be better.

Mayor Holman repeated her request for suggestions to address the 2015
work plan.

Mr. Keene requested the Council make corrections to Priority categorizations
and rank projects within Priorities. Staff would organize responses and
report pattern information that could engender a subsequent conversation.

Council Member Burt requested an electronic copy with a column for
Priorities and comments.

Mayor Holman requested blank lines be inserted after each topic for Council
Member additions.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Burt that
the Council return rankings and Priorities to the City Manager within 2
weeks, March 3, 2015, and the City Manager would compile the results and
forward them to the Committee of the Whole.

02/17/2015                                                          116- 502
