                             MINUTES
Avenue. Beginning with the El Camino Real intersection, Staff envisioned
extending streetscape improvements. This project would connect to the
Stanford University Perimeter Trail Project at the Churchill Avenue
intersection. Staff wanted to add a crosswalk on the north side of the El
Camino Real intersection. The community was happy to learn one option
was a new right-turn lane from Alma Street onto north El Camino Real.
Staff wanted to ensure the Council concurred with that type of capacity
approach. The City would need approval from Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD), Stanford University, and the California Department of
Transportation (Caltrans) for that turn lane. At the intersection of Palo Alto
High School and Castilleja Avenue, Staff proposed removing the crosswalk
on the east side because of morning traffic congestion turning into Palo Alto
High School. The bike lane would remain, but bicyclists would exit the bike
lane ahead of the intersection. Staff proposed two new crossing guards to
manage traffic at the intersection of Castilleja Avenue and Churchill Avenue.
Because the community wanted to ensure crosswalks were highly visible,
Staff proposed pedestrian-activated flashing beacon systems. Staff also
proposed time-of-day parking restrictions along the frontage of Churchill
Avenue between Castilleja Avenue and Mariposa Avenue.              Staff also
proposed a low, decorative rail along the north side of Churchill Avenue to
restrict dangerous bicycle movements. The community suggested installing
lighting. Sharrows could be added to El Camino Way in the next few
months. The bicycle lane could also be added over the summer. Along
Maybell Avenue, specific time-of-day parking restrictions could be
implemented in the next few months. Along Churchill Avenue, the bike
ramp exit to accommodate westbound bicyclists could be constructed for
$5,000-$7,000 in 2015. Time-of-day parking restrictions along the south
side of the street could also be implemented quickly. Staff requested the
Council's approval for the projects. The Churchill Avenue Project was funded
100 percent through the design phase. With Council approval, Staff would
begin discussions with Caltrans and begin larger design details. The Maybell
Avenue Project was funded through the Concept Plan Line only. With
Council approval, Staff would like to return in one to two months with a
contract to complete design of the Maybell Avenue Bicycle Boulevard. Staff
would begin the environmental assessment process for projects.

Mayor Holman interrupted the discussion for recognition of two guests.

Council Member Wolbach recognized Daniel and Nico, two Scouts who were
earning merit badges.

Council Member DuBois indicated El Camino Way was heavily parked almost
all day long. The street was narrow with cars parked on both sides.
Removing parking there would force people to park in neighborhoods.

01/20/2015                                                             216- 342
