             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Special Meeting
                                                              May 18, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:34 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth arrived at 5:56 P.M., Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

1.   Proclamation Recognizing City of Palo Alto Fire Department Paramedic
     40th Anniversary and National Emergency Medical Services Week May
     17-23, 2015.

Council Member Berman read the Proclamation into the record.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Good evening, Madam Mayor and Honorable Council
Members. My name is Eric Nickel. I'm your Fire Chief. I would like to thank
you for the opportunity to briefly share some great news about one of the
most significant public safety and community health enhancements that the
City has established in the last 40 years. As you recall, in the National
Citizens Survey that we do every year, ambulance service ranks at or near
the top of all City services that are offered. I represent the 100 women and
men of the Palo Alto Fire Department. The community is our reason for
existence. I want to briefly share a couple of quick slides with you,
representing our past, present and future. It's important to acknowledge, as
Sir Isaac Newton said, we truly stand on shoulders of giants.           Your
predecessors on Council, some key community members made a leap of
faith in the early '70s with this brand new program that was not necessarily
proven or proven in areas that did not resemble the City of Palo Alto, the
battlefields of Vietnam, for example, where the military medics were
perfecting the art of traumatic injuries. In communities across this country,
in particular the city of Columbus, Ohio, with the Ohio State University
Hospital and UCLA Medical Center that were actually bringing the emergency
room to the emergency for cardiac arrest-type of events. Locally, we had
two key community individuals. One of whom will refuse acknowledgement


                                                                    Page 1 of 123
