                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: No. The current cap allows 1.7 million, so this is about
30 or 40 (inaudible) that can add 1.7 million. This is well below that,
approximately 40 percent below that.

Mr. Keene: It's 3.5 million up there.

Mayor Holman: City Manager, did you ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: I said 1.3, not 3.5.

Council Member DuBois: Would you accept a friendly amendment to have
the DEIR look at as the upper limit the remainder of the current cap?

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman ...

Mr. Keene: What's the DEIR in here for?

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject? The Draft EIR at Council's
direction at the end of last year is underway. Kind of the ship has sailed on
defining how to structure that using new scenarios. I'm hoping that what
we'll get back to is a direction with regard to additional policies that could be
developed to supplement L-8. If we feel like L-8 isn't sufficient to guide us
for the next 15 years, our hope is we would get your direction on what
shape some supplemental policies might take. It could be that it requires
some additional analysis, but I think our intention tonight was not to get
additional direction on the Draft EIR.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are you saying we cannot explore the consequences of
a low rate and a relatively higher rate?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we are going to bring forward an analysis that does
exactly that. What I can't tell you is if it has managed to (inaudible)
understand exactly what your desired scenarios are, because the analysis is
already underway. Just like they did a land use study in 1989, we could
undertake another land use study in the modern day and come up with
something. What we're looking for is something more general in terms of
what kind of approach does the Council want to use towards growth
management. If what you're suggesting is what you want, instead of Policy
L-8 or in addition to Policy L-8, is a policy that's about a cap on
nonresidential development Citywide, that would be terrific. I think we can
talk about exactly how to do the analysis that would inform what that cap is.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess the key thing is to make sure that a restricted
cap like this can get the same analysis as a continuation of the current cap
or anything else. Is that ...

                                                                        Page 102 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
