                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: That would explain a lot of that.

Mr. Keene: I mean, if you even just took it the way we calculated it, the
straight yield over the period is what? Something like $384 million.

Council Member Berman: My time's up.

Mayor Holman: Yeah. We'll circle back around.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to touch on three areas, I think, goals,
funding and then, if I have time, kind of definition and scope. I might could
come back to that. I have to say I see the three topics as really one
comprehensive solution. Council Member Schmid talked about this rail
corridor that cuts Palo Alto in half. Congestion at grade crossings is a
concern. I don't think people have really mentioned safety and noise along
the entire track. Now we see a lot of graffiti; it's now visible. The other
point is whether High Speed Rail comes or not. I think if High Speed Rail
doesn't come, Caltrain will expand and we're going to be at that 20 crossings
an hour. Marc started to touch on the cost of the alternatives, and seizing
homes doesn't seem to be any real good alternative. Even the lower cost
one of seizing some homes but no turns off of Alma, I think then Alma starts
to become more of an expressway. I'm definitely in favor of a trench. If
you look around the Bay Area, we've got tunnels in San Jose, in San
Francisco. Reno built a train trench downtown about 2 miles long. There's a
10-mile trench in LA along Alameda Avenue down there. I'd really like to
see us learn from examples of how did other cities and areas kind of pull
these things off. Maybe if we do further study, that can be part of it, really
kind of looking at other successful projects. I think we really need to think
big, and we're going to have to consider all sources of funding and cobble
everything together we can. Should we do minor changes on Churchill
under Section 130? Sure. I'd like to see us think big. I'd like to see us
really think about a mid-Peninsula trench that could really impact a lot of
people. I think it should be supported by our businesses, by Stanford. It
would really contribute to the vitality of Silicon Valley which is a big part of
the GDP in California, which is a big part of the GDP in the country. I think
we need to frame it that way. When I say thinking big, I'm really thinking
multicity, multicounty. I would start including Mountain View and Redwood
City, all the way through. I'd like to understand if there are economies of
scale. When we get to the 2 percent/1 percent part of that, that grade is
driven by how long that trench is. There might be some economies of scale.
Also, I think the longer trench is really the best long-term solution. If you
start to look at amortizing these costs over 50 or 100 years, then it also
starts to look a lot more reasonable. I really think we are talking about a
50, 100-year kind of solution. The Staff Report listed kind of six constraints.

                                                                          Page 24 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
