                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Zahradka points out, yes, we are well beyond the period of a facial
challenge to the Ordinance. We are not beyond the period of an applied
challenge to the Ordinance. Council Member Kniss was on the Council in
December 2000 when they adopted a process for and instructed the park
owner, the City and the residents to get together and to discuss ways for the
preservation of Buena Vista as affordable housing. This was again repeated
when the Council adopted the Ordinance in 2001. I can categorically inform
the City that after 2001 [audio malfunction].

Mayor Holman: We have stopped your clock, so don't worry about that.
Looks like you can continue now, and apologies.

Ms. Nanda: After 2001 and the adoption of the Ordinance, my client did not
hear from a single elected or Staff member from the City of Palo Alto until it
walked into the City Hall in mid-2012 with Prometheus to announce its
intention to close the park. This is despite the fact that the City adopted
twice a Housing Element plan which included the preservation of Buena Vista
as affordable housing. One would have assumed, with that in your Housing
Element plan, you might have reached out to the park owner to discuss the
preservation of this property. In December 2012, this is part of the
administrative record before you, the City Manager wrote a memo in which
he says that Prometheus was the point person on the closure. Yet, in the
spring of 2013, before the first RIR was submitted in this matter, the City
Manager told Prometheus that it would talk no further to Prometheus about
its proposed development for this project until the park had been closed and
all the residents had been relocated. The effect of this decision cannot be
understated. This is the single most important reason why the possibility of
affordable housing to be built on this site never occurred. As even the most
rudimentary knowledge of negotiation would dictate, it is only when you get
all the stakeholders in the room together, meaning the residents, the park
owner, the Buena Vista Residents Association and Prometheus, all of which
had something to gain and something to lose, that affordable housing would
have been built on this site by Prometheus and/or they would have relocated
those residents to other apartments they own in Palo Alto. Most other cities
with Closure Ordinances don't even refer to park owners. They talk about
developers. The result of the City Manager's decision that day in this regard
meant that there was no hope for the construction of affordable housing with
a developer and, in addition, my client lost a multimillion dollar deal with
Prometheus, who exited the deal in 2014. Then the hearings occurred in
May, and the appeal was heard. It was filed in October 2014. No reason
has ever been provided by the City why no hearing was held on the appeal
until January 2015. The only conclusion there can be is that it was because
of the election. In January 2015, before a single hearing had been held on
this appeal, the City Manager and spokesperson announced the allocation of
                                                                       Page 15 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/26/15
