                         TRASNCRIPT
major impact on open spaces and parks and recreation and so on. You think
you need spaces. One of the spaces that I looked for in here was Cubberley.
That's one of the few optional open spaces for recreation activity in the City.
I said, "Oh, they must have something strong to say about that." I looked
at another part of the existing conditions report under youth population. I
took school enrollment and out of Palo Alto school enrollment, it said over
that time period where we are growing by 20,000, school population was
going to be growing by 213 students, or at least a portion of that time
period. Now, there's a discrepancy there. We have been negotiating about
Cubberley for the last five years with the School District about let's get
something done there. The School District said, "We don't need to do
anything now." They are setting with a set of numbers from our reports that
there's not going to be any more kids. We are starting from a set of
numbers that says there's going to be probably 3,200 new kids in the
District. No wonder we can't talk. No wonder we can't reach agreement.
How can we do a Master Plan of parks and open spaces and recreation when
we have such a discrepancy? Now, where does the discrepancy come from
and who's responsible? I think the City Council is responsible. I mean, it's
up to the City Council to sit down and say, "Look, here is a realistic
assessment of what we want in our Comprehensive Plan that you can work
with and use." We haven't done that. As a failsafe, we end up using "well
Plan Bay Area has numbers on Palo Alto. Let's use that." As I say, I looked
at this report and I came to a dead stop. I said, "I can't make a judgment
on a Plan framework, on where we're going, on the importance of
acquisition, how much money we have available per capita to spend on
these things." Should we think of a different mix of recreation good for a
more dense City? Those are critical questions that are at the basis of your
Master Plan, and we haven't given you a set of numbers. I guess my
recommendation would be go on hold for a time period and, maybe after the
Council deals with Item 14 tonight, we'll be able to at least address the issue
of does the Council have a stance on how densely populated a City we will
be living in. I guess that's my comment as a Council Member. Maybe come
back to us once the Council has gone through a session trying to deal with
how dense a population we will have.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for all the hard work. It really is
impressive. The website's impressive. I like the process, and I like the
data-driven approach quite a bit.       I saw you at least talked about
incorporating capacity constraints. You talked about measuring kind of
perception of quality. I think those are all great things. Now, you're going
to these prioritization exercises which, I think, is also a really important
step.    I hope maybe we could use some of these things in our
Comprehensive Plan planning process as well. I think you've heard from a
couple of people. I don't want to pile on, because I think there's a lot of
                                                                        Page 27 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
