                         TRANSCRIPT
"constitution" of the local jurisdictions. The second reason is that the
Comprehensive Plan is a function of State law. An updated Comprehensive
Plan will form a sound legal foundation for future decision making by the
Council and the City. The third is that an updated Comprehensive Plan can
help us manage growth and address some of the issues that we face and
challenges we face as a community today. The third reason is it's an
opportunity for us to work together. These issues around growth and other
things are potentially divisive issues.        Preparing an update to the
Comprehensive Plan provides a real opportunity for us to come together as a
community and understand fully those issues and work to identify policies
and programs that will help to address them in the future. It's been a long
process so far. As many of you know, the City recognized the need to
update the Comprehensive Plan in 2006, because the current
Comprehensive Plan was set to sunset in 2010. The work really began in
earnest in 2008 with some public workshops, a lot of effort by Staff, the
consultants and the Planning and Transportation Commission. Then in early
2014, the results of the Planning Commission's efforts were provided to the
City Council, and the City Council directed the Staff and others to start on
this effort to restart and reshape the process to include additional
community input and consideration of the issues of the day. A key part of
the restart in early 2014 was this concept that we should widely engage with
the community on the issues inherent in the Comprehensive Plan and get
them more involved in drafting the Comprehensive Plan Update.                A
Leadership Group of Palo Alto residents was formed as a group that would
aid the Staff and consultants in seeking input from a broad cross-section of
the community. One of the main things that the Leadership Group has been
working on is planning for the May 30th Summit. We have over 300 people
registered for the Summit, which has clearly struck a nerve in the
community. It will be an all-day event at the Mitchell Park Community
Center. I hope you will all be there and join us. We plan to discuss the
issues we face as a community, really start a dialog about a collective vision
for the community. It's a recruiting effort too. We want to recruit people to
participate in the community work sessions that will follow the Summit and
build confidence in our ability to work together on some of these, again,
potentially divisive issues. We've posted an agenda for the May 30th
Summit on our website for people who want to see how the day is
organized. I invite you to look closely at that. If anyone has questions
about that, they're welcome to email me or Planning Staff with those
questions. This will continue to be fleshed out as the day gets closer. I
hope people will see reflected in this issues that they want to come and hear
about and discuss and participate in at least some of the day on May 30th.
Now I'd like to spend a few minutes on the process we envision after the
Summit. There's actually a complicated diagram in the Staff Report which I
chose not to repeat in the PowerPoint. There are a few slides here that try
                                                                         Page 21 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
