                          TRANSCRIPT
got—I don't know how to work on it, but we're going to try to figure out the
size of the problem and what to do with it. Thank you for the question.

Mayor Holman: As I said in introducing this item, we always appreciate the
time you come and spend with us. Most especially we appreciate the time
you spend on our behalf in Sacramento. We very much appreciate that. I
think City Manager Keene had some comments that he would like to make
as well.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor. Thank you to our
top-notch, so lucky to have you representative. I know you're drawing near
the end of your time. Council Member Scharff called out your work on 350,
but I did want to mention that all of our Utilities Staff wanted to thank you
for your assistance on that and obviously the benefits that it had to all of our
work on our carbon neutral portfolio. Also, some of our environmental Staff
team, including Phil Bobel and some others, had some special thank you's.
With the Mayor's indulgence, I'd like to ask Phil to come up on their behalf.
He carried a lot of water for us in that area this year also. Thank you, Phil.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Thanks, Jim. Thank you,
Assemblyman.       We really appreciate your work on environmental and
sustainability efforts all throughout the years. You modestly referred to a
couple of things that are recent that I just wanted to underscore. We
wanted to thank you for 1482, which you authored, which requires the State
to upgrade its adaptation plan for climate action. We need some help in that
area. We know we're a little weak on our own planning for adaptation. I
think the interplay between the State and the locals. Thank you for your
leadership on that. Another one that I know you had to put over, 1362,
starting to work on making it easier for locals to get the fees we need on
storm water programs. You again modestly referred to the fact that you
were going to try to deal with another issue under that piece of legislation,
namely conservation pricing. We need conservation pricing both in the solid
waste world and the water world. We've got to have the clarification that we
can do that legally and successfully. We really appreciate your action on
that. I personally am thrilled to hear, listening to your little video on your
website and then you reinforced this tonight, that you're the Select
Committee Chair on water. We think that's fabulous. You alluded to the fact
on your video that you're looking possibly at a bond measure to look at
more funding under that Select Committee. That would be great. For
recycled water, we're going to need additional funding. Our City Council has
just approved an Environmental Impact Report for the next expansion of our
recycled water system. We're looking to funding now to see if it's really
feasible to do that. We're thrilled. In closing, I'd like to thank you for all of
your sustainability work and environmental work throughout the years. We
                                                                         Page 21 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
