                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Taylor: I also want to chime in. We've had many conversations during
our meetings about using some of the empty storefronts and also some of
the buildings that have been torn down, the facades, using them as a
canvas. Youth art is also a great way to incorporate that. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Let the record show that Council Member Scharff has joined
us.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. Maybe there's not an easy answer to this
question. How much of the art in our City rotates versus is permanent? Is
that something that's still being worked out?

Mr. Migdal: The majority is permanent.

Council Member Filseth: As you go through the Master Plan, do you think
that's going to change or is that going to be ...

Mr. Migdal: My personal opinion is that I'd like to see more done that
rotates. There's this thing that other cities have done and something that
we need to discuss. There's an opportunity to more cost effectively bring in
more interesting things. Maybe it's things that are more risqué. Just keep
things fresh.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, yeah. I know that some of the other cities
around here have larger, rotating things. Los Altos is one of them, I know.

Ms. DeMarzo: I want to briefly clarify. As far as artwork that moves, there
are just under 100 permanently sited artworks. There is also a collection of
almost 200 artworks that rotate that are indoor pieces. I just want to make
that distinction.   Currently there are two outdoor artworks that are
temporarily placed that are on display.

Council Member Wolbach: First, thank you very much. It's great to see our
two new Art Commissioners settling in. I hope that your first few weeks on
the Commission have been great. I wanted to offer a little bit of feedback
about Questions About Your City. I originally didn't realize that it was an art
piece. Like many of the community, I looked at this and thought, "Where
the heck do I submit my answers?" It's an interesting, thought-provoking
piece, and I appreciate it. In a way, I'm glad it's a temporary one, because I
get so many critical responses. At least people are talking about it. I've
heard people express it as an example of Palo Alto City government not
being thoughtful. We got some blowback on it unfortunately. That's what
happens. I want to echo a couple of things that were mentioned by my
colleagues. Council Member Filseth brought up the question of rotation. I
would like to see more items in rotation, keep things livened up. As Jim
                                                                         Page 12 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
