                         TRANSCRIPT
hosted meetings or community group-hosted meetings, like, upon request.
Hopefully that will be—I can't speak English at this hour, sorry about that.
Hopefully that will in fact happen. One idea with regard to this. Given the
fact that the timeframe of their planning is so short and in particular the
needs regarding grade separations are so high, maybe it would be
something that it would help to have something that was either City-focused
or multiple city community group-focused, where we have people talk about
what it is that we want and have high speed rail be coming to us as opposed
to us be going to high speed rail asking them. Would love to follow up with
City Staff and anybody else who's interested in having that as a concept,
where we're taking the lead as the community and kind of setting the stage
that way. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Roland LeBrun.

Roland LeBrun: Roland LeBrun. Thank you, Mayor and Council. I'll be very
brief. Prior to coming here, I actually attended the high speed rail meeting
in San Jose. The format was very different. Actually the opening speaker
was Dan Richard, the Chairman of the High Speed Rail Authority. I think
they're becoming intimately aware of the fact they may have ruffled a couple
of feathers with the two prior meetings. They were just basically presenting
the facts. There was no controversial material whatsoever presented. There
was no Q&A at the end. I think they're beginning to understand that there is
a problem. The next thing I want to bring to your attention is this business
of environmental clearance.      If you look at the statute, they've got
absolutely no basis for exclusivity for environmental clearance. The key is
125 miles an hour. Above 125, yes, they've got exclusive rights for
environmental clearance.     Below, anybody like the VTA or Caltrain or
anybody else can do this. The specific statute is CPUC 185032. Below 125
is Subsection B. They've got exclusivity on Subsection A. I suggest that you
look at this. There's no basis whatsoever for them to have exclusive
environmental clearance in the Peninsula, because we're below 125.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.

Consent Calendar

Council Member Scharff: I move approval.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 7-15.


                                                                     Page 95 of 101
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 09/15/15
