                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I was fully in support of this motion before we
made the latest changes to it. The way I understood the intent at first was
that we were going to try this 1.5 megawatts that's happening. If someone
else gets something in in the next year, which I view it unlikely, then we
would allow them to come in and get that done. Now what we're saying is
we're going to keep the 3 megawatts at 16.5 cents for as long as it takes to
get there. After we get that, we'll come back and look at possibly doing a
graduated rate reduction for subsequent tranches. We're building into this a
commitment to continue these large subsidies, depending on where it goes.
My hope and what I've heard from the Clean Coalition is that if we get this
up and running as a pilot program—I've heard other people talk about this
as a pilot program—that we will learn from this and we will get this. I would
be completely comfortable with this motion the way it is, if we lowered it
from 16.5 cents a kilowatt for the first 2 megawatts as previously approved
by Council. When we get to the 2 megawatts, then we come back, we
evaluate where we are and what we've learned, if we can have a lower price
at that point, and that extra megawatt or maybe extra 2 megawatts, at that
point would be that tranche. I don't see why you should leave 3 megawatts
on the table when we're going to have hopefully at least 1.5 megawatts that
then comes up and goes into that. Hopefully we'll learn from it and
hopefully that'll bring the price down. It doesn't make sense to me the way
we've currently structured this. I would offer an amendment that we
continue the program for solar at the cost of 16.5 for the first 2 megawatts
as previously approved by the Council. Is that acceptable?

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid to replace in the Motion Part A Subsections (ii) and (iii), “3 MW” with
“2 MW.”

Council Member Burt: I would not, and I would be glad to explain my
reasoning on that, even though I appreciate the intent.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, would you care to make it as a
separate amendment?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I do care to make it an amendment.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Council Member Scharff: I'm going to say that if we go down this path, the
point is that it's a pilot program and that we need to learn from it. When we
have 2 megawatts, we capture everybody who's in the pipeline currently.
We learn from it and hopefully then we can get a graduated lower price.
Staff can come back to us at that point and Clean Coalition can weigh in
about whether or not we can have a graduated price. If not, then why not?
                                                                         Page 52 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
