                          TRANSCRIPT
increases in the affordability restriction for rentals. This goes from a 35-year
period to a 50-year standard. It also requires a developer who may be
demolishing affordable housing units to replace those units before they start
applying for the density bonus housing. You don't get the credit for the one
that you've demolished.         The other Density Bonus provision actually
removes a little bit more local authority because it lowers the parking
requirements for density bonus projects near certain transit areas, and those
are defined in the State Density Bonus Law and reflected in the ordinance
that's before you. Group 4, this is commercial zoning. There's a few
amendments here that we're proposing. The first one relates to office use
restrictions in the CN, CC and CS zones. The ability to establish an office
use on the ground floor is restricted. What we're attempting to do here is
address what we believe to be a sentence construction error in the
ordinance, where it lists a number of opportunities where you could establish
office use, medical or administrative general office, if you meet any of these
criteria. In one zone in particular, I forget if it's the CN or the ...

Ms. French: CS.

Mr. Lait: The CS. If there wasn't any housing on the ground floor, then you
could put office. We didn't believe that that was consistent with where the
Council was going relative to the retail preservation conversations that were
taking place. We also added neighborhood business service to the list of
uses to be considered when office is being proposed to replace a retail type
of use. That would be consistent with the Council's recent action on retail,
retail-like, the moratorium. The next item has to do with the site and design
review. We've noticed that mixed-use projects that come before the City
oftentimes are four units or less. We were trying to understand why we're
not getting more housing units. Our below market rate requirements start
at five or more units for ownership housing. We've also noticed that we
have this site and design requirement that if you are more than four units,
you have to get a site and design application. That is an application that
requires review before the Planning and Transportation Commission and the
City Council. We were thinking that that may be a factor that is causing
some developers to put only four units instead of more units, even if they
would have to satisfy the affordable housing obligation, because they'd still
be able to take advantage of the State Density Bonus Law. We thought that
this might be a way to, one, reflect a housing policy that was updated in the
most recent Housing Element to raise that threshold; and, two, could have
the benefit of getting smaller, more units in the commercial area as part of
mixed-use housing.        The next item relates to that other definitional
amendment that I was talking about earlier, related to the gross floor area
and how much area can be exempted for accessibility and historic
rehabilitation. This has been a good provision of our Code, but over time it's
                                                                         Page 32 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
