                          TRANSCRIPT
Bonus Law. Right now we are stuck with the plain wording of the statute.
Many cities are finding themselves in similar situations unfortunately.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Director Gitelman said it would be good to have KMA
respond to Levinsky's question on costs, especially on page 8 of your
supplemental report, packet page 1090.

Mr. Kawahara: I understood the comment was in regard to the table on
page 8 that calculated the $560,000 net value figure. The implication was
that, because there was a positive value of the proposed project in relation
to the CS zoning alternative, somehow that would mean the concessions
would not be necessary to pay for the affordable housing costs. That's what
I was gathering from the comment.

Council Member Schmid: The costs are fully imputed in that, so that's a net
positive number.

Mr. Kawahara: That's true. Let's keep in mind that if there wasn't a positive
economic impact to a developer, no developer would pursue a density
bonus. Yet density bonuses are pursued all over the state. We have to
remind ourselves that there would need to be an economic incentive for a
developer to pursue it. That is in fact what's present here and reflected in
that $560,000 figure. That's one comment to remember. The second is that
per the State Density Bonus Law, we are required to analyze the BMR cost.
That's what we've done. And compare that to the value to the developer of
building the proposed project as compared to an alternative. That's what
we've done. By comparing the two, we have come to the conclusion that
the value increment is less than the BMR cost. I'm not sure that I concur
with the point of view of the audience member.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I also have a question on Attachment D. I'm not sure
who's responsible for that. It's the traffic analysis. Attachment D says that
the traffic in the area, percentage growth range between 0.5 and 1.1
percent annually. The analysis was specifically intended to account for
development in the next 20 years. I had pointed out that in the existing
conditions report, when you look at the delay factor between 1998 and
2014, there is an annual average increase in traffic at Page Mill and El
Camino of 2.3 percent per year, substantially above what the model was
saying. I point to traffic because that has been indicated by the public in the
Citizen Survey as the most sensitive indicator of issues and problems with
development in the City. Over the last six to eight years, the number of
people identifying that as a critical issue has risen dramatically from 60
percent to some 70 percent of people on the survey. It's a critical issue of
what's taking place there. One of the key steps was to do a cumulative

                                                                       Page 122 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
