                         TRANSCRIPT
Council, as a Planning Commission on how we do projects, how we evaluate
them, how we review them and what information we need to make good
decisions and have good outcomes as a result of any project review that we
do. I will not be supporting the amendment.

Council Member Berman: I'm kind of torn, but would like to hear from Staff
on what their thoughts are. I know that in theory it'd be great to have this
not have too much Staff involvement. I think in practice it might end up
being a little bit different and what impact this might have on the Comp Plan
process. Just give Staff an opportunity to weigh in before I vote.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you all for asking.        I was a little bit
worried that you might not ask us, which is problematic.

Mayor Holman: We expect you to insert yourself too, Jim.

Mr. Keene: We just spent a year and a half working on this and failed. I
think that the support that would be required could potentially be more
demanding than what we've done already. I would say that what the
amendment to the substitute motion does is allow us as Staff to not even
say whether or not you ought to eliminate it or reform it, but it
acknowledges all the other big initiatives you've already assigned to
yourselves and to us to work through. I've got on my wall 61 projects under
the Council's priorities, and almost all of them are big and complex. In one
sense, we minimally supported the PTC work in some ways. I'm not
underestimating what the Staff did, but the hope always is when we get to
that point that we're nearing the end. It's very clear we're not at the end
here. My own reaction right now is the Council doesn't have enough
information to know whether or not we could support the project. If it were
me and you were really going to do the committee, I would have to say that
you need to have a committee that doesn't rely on the Staff at all. I don't
know if that's a kind of process you ultimately want to get into, because I
don't think you can guarantee what the impact will be on the other
assignments that you have already given us plus the other assignments that
almost emerge on a regular basis, on a monthly basis. I mean just in the
past couple of months the concerns about single-story overlay, looking at
other ways to sort of protect neighborhoods have kind of popped up. That
sounds a little more urgent right now than PCs that could have been on ice
and could certainly be on ice for some time going forward, probably without
any changes. There's nothing that precludes the Council from talking about
PCs to some extent as part of the Comp Plan process, even if they exist or
don't exist. I think your idea about a zoning overlay for affordable housing
is a really interesting idea. That could be something that could exist without
having a PC zoning. I'm really worried that we won't be able to support

                                                                         Page 76 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
