                          TRANSCRIPT

$1 billion for that. That doesn't relieve traffic; that increases traffic. The
Leadership Group did some polling. They said, "Would you support widening
the expressways for traffic relief?         Would you support widening the
expressways to increase dramatically the number of cars on the road?" It
just depends upon how you ask the question. I would urge you to take a
position not just supporting the things in your Staff Report, but saying the
kinds of things you don't want.          Finally, getting back to the regional
cooperation, its' really great. A lot of us from the Councils have been talking
to people from our neighboring cities. One of the cities we talked to was
Cupertino. Cupertino has a common situation with Mountain View. We've
got the 85 corridor, just as Mountain View and Palo Alto have. The Caltrain
corridor. Cupertino very likely tomorrow night will take a position in support
of funding for Caltrain. On behalf of them, I ask you not to come up with a
specific number, but to take a position supporting the cities along the 85
corridor. That's one of the major commute routes in the county, and we
need to support transit there. Thank you.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. Adina Levin,
Friends of Caltrain. I would like to echo what Mark Nadim said about the
investments needed in terms of increasing Caltrain capacity. If the City
follows its transportation demand management strategy and wants to get
cars off the road, we're going to need Caltrain to carry more people as well
as using money in the ballot measure to lock down that annual paying
Caltrain's bills so we don't have implosion like we've seen in the past. I
would like to talk a little bit about the grade separation funding that is being
proposed and to support the recommendation to do this in a way that is like
San Mateo County's, where there's a large pot of funding that gets allocated
as cities apply for projects. What that lets cities do, like Mountain View that
has some very different types of projects that they could do downtown by
Castro or Palo Alto where there's still this issue about how to do the project.
Rather than letting a Staff person at VTA decide that right now, let's take
some money and over time figure out what the best project is and how to
fund that. Regarding transportation demand management, two big points.
One, VTA has a brand new program that Friends of Caltrain and SPUR and
other nonprofits have been working on to provide matching funds for
transportation management associations and TDM programs, not only for
shuttles which are being asked for but a spectrum of programs including
potentially new bus routes. The goal is both to get supplementary startup
matching funds as well as to much better align what VTA service can do.
Speaking of TDM, Stanford's transportation program does now have the
responsibility for improving vehicle trip reduction into Stanford Research
Park as the City Council is asking them to do. I talked to the person who is
                                                                         Page 63 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
