                          TRANSCRIPT
nearby cities to see what we're doing that's unusual, that's kind of beyond
the bounds of what the other cities have done.

Ms. Weiss: I can give you a quick overview of that, if you like, or just put it
in the Staff Report.

Council Member DuBois: If the Mayor allows it, sure.

Mayor Holman: Sure.

Ms. Weiss: San Mateo County just requires restaurants to be in compliance,
as does Sunnyvale and San Jose. Los Altos does require it for food service
establishments, but does also extend it to ice chests. Sunnyvale also just
does it for restaurants. In Santa Cruz, however, they have taken a step
closer to ours, and they've done it before us, to also include packaging and
also some toys in some cases, especially beach toys that are made out of
polystyrene. Richmond, interestingly enough, also has an ordinance similar
to this where it's also for the retail sales of packaging materials as well.

Mr. Bobel: I'd just add that we did reach out to the businesses and didn't
find that there were businesses that were disturbed by our phase-out time
period, the March 1 time period. I'm a little bit surprised that someone from
the restaurant association is here, a) because our ordinance already applies
to restaurants. The phase-out thing would apply to somebody that had a
business like a motel that's not technically a restaurant but they were
distributing coffee in cups. We've tried to be sensitive to that and give
businesses like that, motels, roughly a six-month period to phase that out.
If we find somebody needs another month or so, it's what we did on plastic
bags. Again, Julie stressed that we weren't taking enforcement as the first
option immediately after that date anyway. We were trying to work with
businesses. If somebody says, "Our contract is another month longer," we'd
work with them on that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. First of all, Phil, I want to thank you
for bringing this forward. I think it's a great thing that we're planning on
doing. I fully support the ordinance. I did want to say I think our friend
from the restaurant association—I forgot your name—made two good points.
I did think the issue of people having inventory and people having contracts.
I don't recall getting a single person or a single restaurant or a single
grocery store or anyone sending an email this is ... I know you did some
outreach, so I guess I was just going to ask you is this an issue or is this not
an issue.

                                                                            Page 59 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
