                         TRANSCRIPT
Year 2015 budget surplus is currently projected at approximately $8 million.
This chart shows the General Fund estimated revenues for Fiscal Year 2016.
As part of the 2016-2026 General Fund Long Range Financial Forecast as
presented to the Council, Staff estimated all revenue streams based on a
detailed analysis of available data and historical trends. As part of the
development of this budget, these revenue streams were reviewed and
slightly adjusted as necessary. In comparison to the Fiscal Year 2015
Adopted Budget, revenues are increasing by $14.6 million or about 8.6
percent, from 169.4 million to $184 million. More than half of the increase
in revenues or 8.7 million is attributable to increases in tax revenues. It's
important to note that a third of the growth in tax revenues, about $3
million, is due to the voter approved transient occupancy tax rate increase
from 12 percent to 14 percent. Next I will speak briefly about General Fund
expenditures. In comparison to Fiscal Year 2015 Adopted Budget, this
budget recommends an additional transfer of $5.3 million to the Capital
Improvement Fund, increasing the transfer to the Capital Improvement Fund
by 39 percent from 13.7 million to $19 million. This increase primarily
supports the Infrastructure Plan and is paid through the additional taxes
from the transient occupancy tax.         Due to the higher investment in
infrastructure, in comparison to Fiscal Year 2015 Adopted Budget the salary
and benefits portion of the budget is reduced from 63 percent of Fiscal Year
2015 to 61 percent in this coming fiscal year. In comparison to the Fiscal
Year 2015 budget, this budget proposes to add 5.3 full-time equivalent
positions. However, in comparison to Fiscal Year 2015 Adjusted Budget, the
revised Fiscal Year 2016 Proposed Budget proposes to add 11.3 positions as
shown in the last column of this slide. This position increase includes
recommended adjustments included in the at-places memorandum before
you and distributed to Council on Thursday last week. It also assumes that
one Community Service Officer position is frozen for one year pending
evaluation of the need of this position as part of the Fiscal Year 2017 budget
process. Freezing the one Community Service Officer position means that
only the funding for this position is eliminated in the Police Department
budget. The recommended position increases primarily support Council
priorities. This budget proposes increasing library hours, mainly at the
Rinconada and Mitchell Park Libraries, by 32 hours or 14 percent per week
from 228 hours to 260 hours. These additional hours will require an
increase of 3.3 full-time benefited positions and 1.5 part-time positions. As
discussed, this budget includes the Council approved Infrastructure Plan. In
order to support the implementation of the Infrastructure Plan, we are
recommending to add one Engineer position.             To support the City's
multilayered Traffic Congestion Mitigation Plan, this budget adds one Traffic
Operations position to primarily support the new traffic system and one
Parking Operations Lead to assist the Parking Manager with the many
parking-related initiatives. This budget includes some modest funding in the
                                                                        Page 15 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
