                          TRANSCRIPT
and so on. We gave extra points to the projects that had a great bicycle or
pedestrian and/or transit path and even more if it had multiple ones. Many
of our expressway projects have significant bike and ped improvements built
into them, including this one. We had a few other factors we looked at.
Yes, level of service is being moved away from looking at in terms of
determining impacts through CEQA. It is still a way to see how the road is
operating. It is our best way of showing you when demand is outstripping
capacity. That's what we're telling you. When you see the red line, we're
saying there's more demand out there than there is capacity. We're not
making a judgment about it. We can fix it by widening it. If you don't want
us to fix it that way, we won't do that. It's just a way for us to show you
how it's operating and from there, decisions can be made.

Council Member Wolbach: So I'm clear and so that colleagues and the
public are clear as well. Level of service identifies when you have a problem
at a peak time, what's the worst congestion in the course of the day.
Correct?

Ms. Cameron: Yes, level of service can be presented as the worst of peak
hour. Sometimes it can be spread over the peak period. One of the things
we do start to watch is how much the peak period starts to spread. Traffic
has two ways to react. It's like water, we like to say. It will either find
other routes, if you can't get them out of their cars, or they will change the
time that they choose to drive. Sometimes you'll find your period of peak
congestion gets longer.

Council Member Wolbach:          They spread spatially or temporally.      It's
important that, as we're making decisions about where we want to focus our
advocacy priorities and our financial priorities, we should focus on things
that are going to have long-term positive impacts. They're going to be
transformative for how Palo Altans get around and how people come to Palo
Alto, even if they don't live here. More commuters and single occupancy
vehicle cars clog up the roads for the rest of us as well. Right now I'm
looking at this and thinking it's a Band-aid. It's a really expensive Band-aid.
It's probably going to have short-term positive impacts that would last from
when the project's done, which will be after a couple of years of headache.
By 2025, it'll start to run out of efficacy. It'll buy us maybe seven or eight
years of minor improvement along the one stretch. $90-$100 million could
probably be spent better elsewhere. There are specific elements of this plan
that are interesting and important. Improving signalization at Page Mill and
El Camino is important. Improving signalization at Hanover and bike lanes,
especially between Foothill and El Camino, are important. Speaking only for
myself, I would be willing to consider removing some medians and even
removing some landscaping if it got us high occupancy vehicle lanes and
                                                                         Page 17 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
