                         TRANSCRIPT
analyze and, if necessary, propose changes to parking requirements for
eating and drinking establishments in the California Avenue area."

Council Member Burt:        I would recommend "parking requirements
commensurate with the parking demand for those purposes." That's what I
would say is the intent. You figure out what's the demand and align the
requirements with the actual demand.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd be comfortable with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, your Amendment to the Amendment
is "commensurate with parking demands of"—how did you word that?

Council Member Wolbach: It should be "analyze and, if necessary propose
changes ...

Mayor Holman: Let's do this. Let's just say "analyze and if necessary
propose changes to parking requirements commensurate with parking
demands of restaurant use." That'll take care of it.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, you seconded this. Do you accept
that?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, I do.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff to add to the Motion, “analyze and if necessary propose
changes to parking requirements to bring eating and drinking establishment
parking requirements in line with other retail establishments.”

Council Member Filseth:     Just briefly, I'm going to not support this
Amendment.     The thought is good but, as Council Member DuBois
suggested, the whole parking thing is a big complicated piece. I don't think
we should try to micro-engineer it on this level. I'm not going to support
this.

Mayor Holman:    Council Member Scharff, as the seconder, you did accept
this.

Council Member Scharff: No, I accepted this. I understand Council Member
DuBois and Council Member Filseth's concern about parking and creating
more. What this does is have the Planning and Transportation Commission
analyze those issues. Frankly, if we allow this Motion to go forward without
that, we're going to create a huge problem in terms of expanding. It's very
                                                                      Page 72 of 123
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                              Transcript: 5/18/2015
