                          TRANSCRIPT
mean, from a design criteria, maybe we get there. If the applicant didn't
want to do that and said, "No, I just want to be denied," for instance, why
would we have to do that? Why wouldn't we say go to the ARB, and if they
don't engage, they never come back to Council, they never finish the
process, the project goes nowhere. I don't understand why the applicant
would have to engage. They don't; they could just have their project in
limbo forever if they don't engage. Why would we have to deny it? Why
couldn't I just send it back to the ARB?

Ms. Silver: That would be fine too. I think that there's then an expectation
that if the applicant doesn't engage, then it would not come back to the
Council.

Council Member Scharff: Right, but the project's not denied. It just
becomes in limbo or whatever happens to projects where the applicant
doesn't complete a process.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.            We're still at questions and
comments, final questions and comments.

Council Member Berman: Yep, yep. I've been spending some time on
Google maps on the Kipling side and across the street at the old Apple
building.   I probably should have emailed you this question over the
weekend. Do you have any idea—it seems like it's approximately—I don't
know—15, 18 feet tall at the corner, but then there's an addition down
Kipling that seems to add a good 8 or 10 feet. Do you guys have any idea
what the height is of what looks like the majority of that building or half of
that building along Kipling, across the street from where this project would
be?

Mr. Lait: We'll look. Not off the top of our heads.      It's a mechanical, I
believe a mechanical enclosure.

Council Member Berman: Yeah. I mean, it's just a flat wall, pretty low. It
looks like an aluminum kind of enclosure with no (inaudible).

Mr. Lait: I don't have any detail on that.

Council Member Berman: On the project site on Kipling, the—I mean, it's
two stories, and then the third story steps back a bit. Correct? On the
Kipling side.

Mr. Lait: On the subject property?



                                                                          Page 33 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
