                          TRANSCRIPT
some time too and have talked with some of you about it. Whether that's at
Cubberley, potentially at the Frye's site, wherever we end up doing that, I
think we would be a richer community if we really had an arts district. I'm
saying arts plural. It could be combination gallery and artist studio space.
Again, it's arts plural. I think we'd be a much more dynamic community if
we had something like that, especially as rents here are so very expensive.
Two other things I'll mention. I see Council Member Kniss has put her light
on, so thank you for that. I know I have them here. Something that I
mentioned to Elise today and talked to Karen the other evening about is
children's art. Children's art is so inspiring. It's so pure. It's so refreshing.
Perhaps there are places around town that we could install children's art.
We just had this wonderful exhibit recently at the Arts Center that was
children's art. I was thinking the other evening that we want to get people
to walk the stairs instead of take the elevators in City Hall. At the landings,
we have these big boring walls that actually are great gallery space. Why
don't we look at installing, I'm suggesting, some of the children's art there?
It would be a great boost to people and encourage people to want to take
the stairs. The last thing I think I'll mention is—two more things. Again,
going to functional art. As a part of the Meet the Street event too, there's
been some conversation about getting businesses to collaborate on reducing
the number of dumpsters that they have. After all, people aren't paying for
the dumpster; they're paying for the service. If we can reduce the number
of dumpsters and enliven our alleyways, is there something we could do with
the dumpsters themselves? Could we wrap them? Could we paint them?
Are there different kinds dumpsters? That I don't know. Can we make the
dumpsters more of an art piece rather than what we associate them with
now? The same with newspaper racks, our trash cans. We have garbage
cans in the community, but they really don't serve the function that I think
some of us want them to serve. They function mostly as garbage cans. We
don't have the multipurpose cans that also encourage recycling. The last
thing I'll mention, I do promise you. In combination with collaboration with
the History Museum that Council Member Burt mentioned and telling our
story, we don't have—a lot of communities have history walks. My thinking
is it could be a combination art and history walk, because the history can be
told in artful ways. We don't have anything even close to that in our
community. I did lie, because there is one more thing. For many years, I've
wanted to create a miracle wall in Palo Alto. What made me think of it a
long time ago was in Roman Holiday there's a wall that people go to. It was
like, if you can have that kind of a wall, why can't you have a miracle wall?
It could be an interactive wall where people really go and tell their story and
it's a place of inspiration and hope. It could be done, I think, in a very artful
way. Those really are my comments. Council Member Kniss, and then
Council Member Scharff has something else. Council Member Kniss. Thank
you for your patience.
                                                                         Page 12 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
