                          TRANSCRIPT
whole City. I do think and have thought for a long time that what we should
do is put this issue to rest and go to the voters and say, "This is what it'll
cost. This is what'll it cost in surcharge on your utility bill. Do you want to
do it or not?" If they want to do it, then we should do it. If not, we
shouldn’t do it. That would be the way to deal with that. I'd like to see the
UAC take this issue up and come up with a recommendation of how to
resolve this issue. We hear in the community that they've been promised
undergrounding, they never get it, that kind of stuff. Currently, there is no
plan to underground. There's a few places left where, who pays for it? I
forget. Who pays 40 percent of the cost or whatever it is?

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director:       It's typically split between       the
Communications Utility and the Electric Utility, like say AT&T.

Council Member Scharff: It's AT&T paying 40 percent.         There's very few
places left, if I recall, right?

Ms. Fong: Correct.

Council Member Scharff: The other thing I did want to say, because we
hardly ever say it, is I've gotten to know a lot of other Utility Directors
through Norther California Power Agency (NCPA), Municipal Utility Directors.
While Val's not perfect, she is very, very good. I want to say, Val, that you
do a great job. We're actually very lucky to have Val. I wanted to give a
shout out to you and tell you what a great job you do. I appreciate it. I
support the Fiber to the Premises discussion. I'm not going to repeat what
people said, but I'd like to see that move forward expeditiously. I do think
the UAC is the right place to take that up and start looking at different
options and start vetting them. Obviously we want to get this done. Google
is a very intriguing option, but who knows when that's coming about? We
also want to make sure we do it right. If we do it wrong, there are a
number of disasters out there. In the rush to say how wonderful it is, let's
not forget that this can go all wrong, and we need to do it in a thoughtful
and careful and deliberate manner. Given our fiber ring, it's easy to pop up,
maybe easy is too strong a word. It's very possible to pop up enterprise
class Wi-Fi in places. We've had certain hotspots that we've started rolling
out in the City. The more we do that, that's great. I'd also like to see us
move forward with more Wi-Fi spots around. Eventually I'd like all of
California Avenue and Downtown to have great enterprise-class Wi-Fi. That
would be fantastic. What else did I want to say? Anything else? No, I think
that's about it. Anyway, thank you all for your service. Really appreciate it.

Council Member Berman: I'll try not to repeat what a lot of my colleagues
have said. First off, thank you guys very much...


04/20/2015                                                             117- 275
