                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: My point is that it doesn't sound like the Muni Code
criteria give adequate clarity. We could review the criteria with them, but
not provide additional clarity. I’m interested in additional clarity, so that we
don't go from one period of time where maybe 20 years ago too many things
were being referred to perhaps today too few and we've got the same
Municipal Code. That sounds to me like we may have an important issue.
We want to hit the sweet spot.

Margaret Wimmer, Historic Resources Board Member: I was going to
respond to that. My own thought process was that our priority is to review
individual projects that are submitted to the Development Center to do
alterations. Mostly they're residential projects, and the homeowner decides
to do some remodeling of some sort that will affect the exterior of the
building. Those are typically the projects that come to our Board. Recently
we haven't had a lot of projects to review, so we've been identifying some
subjects that we as a Board have found interesting and educational unto
ourselves to discuss. That's what led us to this meeting. We've been
identifying some things that we think we can work on, that we can improve.
Even without new projects to review, as a Board we've decided to keep our
schedule and meet twice a month, every other week. It's been quite nice.
I'm the newest member, so I'm the least experienced and I'm still learning
quite a bit. For me it's a wonderful opportunity to understand the process
and understand the formality and the protocol and all of that. I've been
getting a lot out of it. I feel like our Board is coming together as a small
community. We are working well together lately.

Ms. Bunnenberg: There is, Council Member Burt, a concept in historic
preservation that we sometimes think about. It is what are the properties
adjacent to or across the street from, and then how wide an arc do you put
there. That's one of the ways that some preservation groups look at what's
impacting our historic resource.

Council Member Wolbach: We've heard from a couple of my colleagues and
myself, at least hints that we want to continue to encourage taking initiative.
As was mentioned before, bringing things to us, Council Member DuBois
mentioned that. I would second that. If there are ideas that you want to
bring to the Council or other things that you want to educate us about going
forward, please do. Whether it's outreach or this educational stuff that
you're working on, at least you've got my support to expand your own
purview if you feel it's necessary and appropriate.

Council Member Kniss: Off this topic for a minute, but one that the Vice
Mayor brought up. We may not want to go into it tonight, but it's one that
you may want to take up as a Board, looking down the row at Roger. That is

                                                                          Page 17 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
