                          TRANSCRIPT
request for hearing. If a request for hearing is received, it goes to the
Planning and Transportation Commission and then on to the City Council. In
this chamber, there was public testimony and the Council discussed as well
wanting to have meaningful findings, that this would not be some
perfunctory review for approval. We believe that we achieve that objective
with the findings that you can find on Page 6 of the draft ordinance. With
respect to expanding the R Combining District, the area shown as purple or
pink, however it shows up on your screen, that central portion is the existing
R Combining District as it exists today. The green hatched representation is
how the draft ordinance is presented to you today. Notably, it excludes PF
zoned properties, the one PTOD property on Cambridge Avenue, and some
PF zoned property on Cambridge Avenue. These boundaries were presented
to the Planning and Transportation Commission.               There was some
conversation about Cambridge, but ultimately the Commission thought that
the boundary was appropriate and reflected the Council's direction. Finally,
with respect to the grandfathering provision, the way the Code reads today a
building that is nonconforming may be demolished and rebuilt in a manner
that exists today. What the proposed ordinance does is require when a
building has been demolished or substantially remodeled, it would require a
conformance with the R Combining District, so ground-floor uses, retail,
personal services or restaurant type uses. This is a provision that is only in
the R Combining District. I just wanted to make a note about when we were
coming up with this language, we added a couple of terms. One has to do
with substantial remodel. Should the Council move to pass this ordinance,
when we return with a second reading, we would want to make some non-
substantive clarifications to the ordinance to describe how we would
calculate 50 percent of the building and what we mean by some structural
members which is referenced in that definition of substantial remodel. There
was one letter that was received from a property owner who happens to
have a pending project on Cambridge. The commenter requested that
Cambridge be excluded from the expansion of the R Combining District. If
that's not the direction that the Council is heading, at least a modification be
made so that non-retail-related uses could occupy the rear half of the lot.
The commenter also proposed some draft language that the Council may
want to consider. Staff has looked at that and, if that is the direction of the
Council, we would like to recommend some alternative language for the
Council's consideration. That concludes Staff's report. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much for that. We have four members of
the public who would like to speak to this item. You'll each have three
minutes. We have Steve Pierce to be followed by Jessica Roth. If you'd
come forward when you hear your name called, that would be helpful.
Steve Pierce.

                                                                         Page 35 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
