                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: That's basically what was my take-away.

Council Member Scharff: You're also on C-2, you're keeping a commitment
to excellence and high quality customer service as opposed to distributing
that goal, which is what they did. It's a little confusing.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Again, it's useful to look at the policies and
programs. If you only look at the goal in isolation, then you're just looking
at kind of isolated words.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I guess I'm just trying to figure out what the
difference is between the proposed Goal C-5 and Goal C-2. I guess I'll ask
Staff. What was the goal in changing that? Public service in Palo Alto
versus the customer service goal.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. You're talking about Goal C-1 in the existing?

Council Member Scharff: No, I'm talking about Goal C-2. In Goal C-2 it
says—what Council Member DuBois is suggesting is that we keep a
commitment to excellence and high quality customer service among the City
of Palo Alto City officials and employees. The proposed PTC goal was going
to be Goal C-5 which was commit to providing high quality public service and
to the manner in which those services are provided to our residents,
businesses and visitors. I guess I was asking what Staff views as the
difference.

Ms. Gitelman: Our analysis in that middle column was—it's a reframing of
the issue, trying to get really at a similar concept, but it's framed a different
way. I don't think there's a right choice or a wrong choice. It really is a
preference.

Council Member Scharff: I'm not saying it's a right choice or a wrong choice.
I'm asking what the choice is. Are you just saying the choice is irrelevant?
If the choice is irrelevant, the choice ...

Ms. Gitelman: I think it's wording. I really think it's mostly wording.

Council Member Scharff:        What does the words mean?          What is the
difference? You're going to be the one interpreting this. I mean, not to be
difficult about this. You're Director of Planning. You're going to sit through,
read these goals. Things are going to come before you. There's this
wording and there's that wording. I'm really just trying to ask a simple
question which is what difference does it make. How as I am a Council

                                                                         Page 61 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
