                          TRANSCRIPT
1.    CONFERENCE WITH CITY LABOR NEGOTIATORS

      City Designated Representatives: City Manager and his designees
      pursuant to Merit System Rules and Regulations (James Keene, Ed
      Shikada, Suzanne Mason, Kathy Shen, Frank Lee, Nancy Nagel, Dania
      Torres Wong, Sandra Blanch, Lalo Perez, David Ramberg, Joe Saccio,
      Molly Stump, Walter Rossmann, Eric Nickel, Catherine Capriles, Geo
      Blackshire, Albert Yang, Natalie Korthamar, Dennis Burns)

      Employee Organizations: Palo Alto Police Officers Association (PAPOA);
      Palo Alto Fire Chiefs’ Association (FCA) and Employee Organization:
      International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF), Local 1319; Palo Alto
      Police Manager’s Association (PAPMA)

      Authority: Government Code Section 54957.6(a).

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:31 P.M.

Mayor Holman: We've just returned from Closed Session on two items. One
is labor negotiations with PAPOA, and the other is with Fire Chiefs'
Association. There's no reportable action.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: I'm not aware of any.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor. Council Members.
Let's see. I have a number of items to report on tonight. First of all, as you
know the Council has received a lot of emails about Edgewood Plaza, about
150 at the last count, mostly in relation to the closing of the Fresh Market
and subsequent replacement with a grocery store tenant. I thought it would
be helpful to update the Council and our community about where things
stand as best as we know it. I know our Staff has sent out dozens and
dozens of individual emails to respond, but maybe not to everybody. It's
helpful if we share this information publicly. As you recall, the property
owner received a Planned Community approval for the development, which
required the continued use of a grocery store at this location as a public
benefit. Fresh Market opened in 2013 but closed this past March; not as
part of just a local closure, but a kind of regional closure of Fresh Market in
California.   Our Staff has met with representatives of the Sand Hill
Properties, the property owner, and have communicated the requirement
that a grocery store must be maintained at this location. We gave the
property owner six months to remedy the vacancy, which was the similar
                                                                          Page 2 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
