                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I have a comment on the amendment.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I think we're getting a little far afield here. My
understanding is we're doing the Comprehensive Plan. You may very well be
right. There may be different trip generation for restaurants, and there may
be different trip generation for other retail. That doesn't necessarily mean
we shouldn't look at it, we shouldn't study it. I think we probably should.
I'm not sure that's part of the Comprehensive Plan to then go ahead and do
that. We could easily look at that as a separate issue and decide if we're
going to do anything about that. I'm not sure why in the Comprehensive
Plan process we need to include this. I think we risk adding too much stuff.
This is a zoning issue or a use permit. It's probably a use permit issue,
frankly, on whether or not you allow restaurants or not, if that's where you
were going to deal with it. I actually don't think we should do this as part of
the CAC. I think it distracts them from the other issues of what they're
supposed to be doing. I think I'm not going to support this.

Mayor Holman: If I can I speak to that. I don't see Council Member Burt's
light going on. If I can speak to that. That did occur to me; it certainly
crossed my mind. I thought is this something we should just address during
zoning. I think there are some broad uses. If we're talking about occupant
density of office, I think this isn't necessarily that different from that.

Council Member Scharff: I may not support some of those as well. I think
there's a bunch of questions here on some of those things. I wanted to deal
just with the amendment.

Mayor Holman: Speaking just to the amendment. I think it has that kind of
implication. That's why I seconded it. If we're talking about the vision for
our commercial areas and such, I think this does help form and shape what
the goals might be. Any other comments on this amendment? Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I kind of had a similar question. Are you thinking
about particular policies or programs in the Land Use Element related to
restaurant use? Again, I think general density does fall under there.
There's a lot of definitions of land use districts and types of uses.

Council Member Burt: Are you asking me?

Council Member DuBois: Either of you.



                                                                        Page 73 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
