                          TRANSCRIPT
M.    If any of the resulting recommendations require additional research,
      Staff is to return to the Council with an Interim Ordinance
      implementing those items that do not result in delay.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: This is good; it addresses a lot of the concerns. I
will have a couple of proposed friendly Amendments, if you'd like me to offer
them now. The item about restricting the percentage of restaurants to their
current percentage, I would suggest eliminating or softening that. I don't
know that the current percentage of restaurants on Cal. Ave. is the magic
number and that there couldn't be one or two more. I would recommend
eliminating that or change that to "considering" as with Item g. I would
propose adding the word "consider" to the beginning of Items e and f.

Mayor Holman: Which ones are "e" and "f?" I don't have ...

Council Member Wolbach: The restaurants and the hair and nails salons.
That would bring those items in line with the financial institutions. We would
consider restricting those. It would be a little bit softer than the current
language.

Mayor Holman: I don't think I'll accept those at this point in time.

Council Member Wolbach:      I'll propose that as a non-friendly Amendment
then.

Council Member Scharff: Why don't you propose it?

Council Member Wolbach: I propose an Amendment to add the word
"consider" to the start of Items e and f.

Council Member Burt: Why don't you break that up into two?

Council Member Wolbach: Okay. A good recommendation from Council
Member Burt. For this Amendment, I propose adding the word "consider" to
the beginning of Item e. The idea here is just to leave it a little bit flexible
for now.    As Council Member Filseth said earlier, we should proceed
carefully. I wanted to clarify for Staff. I'm going to leave out Item f for
now; I'll make that in a separate Motion.

AMENDMENT:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to add to the Motion at the beginning of Part E, “consider.”

Council Member Berman: I agree that at this stage it doesn't make sense to
be so restrictive, especially in regards to restaurants. I don't think the
                                                                         Page 65 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
