                             MINUTES
Jerry Hill, California State Senator, enjoyed Ms. Price's planning professional
expertise.    He presented Ms. Price with a Resolution from the State
Legislature.

Joe Simitian, County of Santa Clara Supervisor, explained that Ms. Price's
service on the Palo Alto Unified School District Board made her voice
important to the Council. Ms. Price spoke on behalf of children, and the
community was better for it.

Sheena Chin, Library Advisory Commission, advised that Ms. Price, as liaison
to the Library Advisory Commission, was always present to support the
Commission.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Gail Price believed the Resolution clearly outlined her values, beliefs,
accomplishments, and concerns as a Council Member. She appreciated the
support provided by citizens and City employees. She had been consistent
and steadfast in attempting to balance local needs with regional needs.
Council Members needed to communicate better and model respectful
behavior to encourage civility, flexibility, and creativity.

5.    Resolution 9484 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Expressing Appreciation for Outstanding Public Service to Larry
      Klein as Council Member and Mayor.

Council Member Burt read the Resolution into the record.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation for Outstanding
Public Service to Larry Klein as Council Member and Mayor.

Council Member Wolbach felt Ms. Shepherd, Ms. Price, and Mr. Klein based
their decisions on what they thought was best for the community as a whole.
All three were statesmen. He appreciated their example.

Council Member Berman requested a seat next to Mr. Klein, because he
respected and trusted Mr. Klein. He thanked Mr. Klein for working with the
Council in the 1980s and 2000s to make Palo Alto a great place to live.

Council Member Kniss wondered which Council Member would replace Mr.
Klein as the Council grump and as the Council Member who changed other
Council Members' opinions. Persuading Council Members to change their
opinion was a powerful ability.



01/05/2015                                                             216- 289
