                         TRANSCRIPT
SOFA I was the actual PAMF property, because that was the one we knew
was going to go into redevelopment right away. The plan guided a larger
geographic area. In terms of not making a decision tonight, but thinking
tentatively about when we might commence this, the SOFA plan preceded
the formal adoption of the Comp Plan, but we were already seeing what was
in it. The Comp Plan committee had come with their drafts, and it had given
a lot of guidance on this. The one informed the other. I'm not sure that we
have to wait until we get done with the Comp Plan to kick this off. We
should be further along than we are right now with the California area
concept plan and the Comp Plan. The Comp Plan itself could, even at a
higher level, inform the direction of this coordinated area plan. One of the
critical things of SOFA was the full and active participation of Palo Alto
Medical Foundation. They were not only the primary property owner, but
they would have to buy into a coordinated plan that affected their property.
We could do whatever we wanted in zoning, but it didn't mean it would get
built unless they bought into it. I'm very encouraged that Sobrato is
committed to the coordinated area plan process. That's critical for this going
forward. It's a leap of faith by everybody. It's a leap of faith by them
because they're opening up to a public process to guide the direction of
what's going to happen on a large property that they own. If we park this
for now, we don't necessarily park it until two years from now. We should
be revisiting this in less than 12 months. That doesn't mean we have to
make the action at that time, but we should update, look at it, where are we
in the Comp Plan, where are we in the Cal. Ave. concept plan, is now the
right time to begin this process. We don't want to get jammed up and rush
this at the end. At that time, we should expand the geographic area. We
need to be informed by Staff on the terms of these grant dollars. I'm not
sure they've slipped away. If the Planning Director's term of "obligating the
funds" by January 2017 is what I take it to mean, then that sounds like it's
signing a contract by then. It doesn't mean we have to expend them. If
that's the case, then we've got some time to act on that grant. We need to
hear that. Maybe we could get that back in an informational report without
having a full Council discussion. Us learning what flexibility we have doesn't
mean we have to act on it at the time we get the information. We're moving
this in a more constructive direction.

Mayor Holman: Were you intending any amendment as to timing?                   You
didn't offer any amendments. Are your comments just comments?

Council Member Burt: I would recommend that we have this return to
Council for consideration of commencement within one year, if that's
acceptable.    It doesn't obligate us to commence; I'm saying for
consideration.

                                                                         Page 77 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
