                            MINUTES
rather than four. The Mayor requested Council Members not offer a complex
Motion; yet, that had occurred. Tabling the Motion was premature. He
believed the Council should hold a deliberative and thoughtful discussion
prior to debating recommendations that were not well thought out.

Mayor Holman explained that that could occur at the second meeting.

Council Member Burt indicated that five Council Members had not discussed
the substance of the topic. He preferred the Motion be withdrawn. These
were important issues that would require a great deal of consideration and
deliberation before providing Staff with guidance regarding interim measures
and the Comprehensive Plan. The initial Motion was premature and out of
order for the guidance that was provided. When the item reconvened, he
wanted the Maker and the Seconder to reconsider their Motion before the
Council held deliberative discussion.

Mayor Holman reported the Council was tabling the Motion and continuing
the meeting.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Burt to continue this item to March 2, 2015 and the Motion on the
floor be withdrawn.

Mayor Holman felt the Motion and Amendment did not affect the
proceedings. Council Members could vote the Motion down at the meeting
on March 2. The Council could discuss the Motion and Amendment for the
next half hour or continue with the Agenda.

Council Member Scharff disagreed.

Mr. Keene did not believe the Council should be divided at the initial phase
of the discussion. Nothing was lost by approval of the Amendment.

Council Member Burt clarified that the March 2 discussion would not be
framed around a specific Motion if the Motion was withdrawn.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Filseth, Schmid no, Kniss absent

Mayor Holman reiterated that Agenda Item Number 11 was continued to
March 2, 2015 with the Motion on the floor being withdrawn. Earlier
comments indicated a desire to move Agenda Item Numbers 13 and 14
forward.

Council Member Burt understood the intention was to move Agenda Item
Number 12 to the end of the Agenda.


02/09/2015                                                            116- 474
