                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: A question from our hearing.

Ms. Stump: Could I interrupt for just one moment? A Council Member has
just pointed out to me that the at-places memo may be missing a page.
We'll quickly check that. If people do not have Page 5 to that, we will get a
copy to the public. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm looking at Page 5

Ms. Stump: It looks like some of the copies that we've checked are
complete. Maybe we just missed one. We'll get Page 5 to Council Member
Berman as well.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You use the term that the updated appraisals would use
standards and methods appropriate to the profession to ensure appraisals
are adequately supported and reasonable, and they appropriately reflect the
Palo Alto location. I recall during the last meeting, Mr. Beccaria made the
case that the only way I could think of was to use median housing prices in
Palo Alto and surrounding communities to make the percentage adjustment
for location. He thought about that for a while, came back and said housing,
single-family homes are not the appropriate adjustment, neither were
townhouses or condos.        He said rental apartments in Palo Alto and
elsewhere might be a good location adjustment. Are we saying that the
peer review could come in on that point and say, "Yes, that's a reasonable
approach for an appraiser to take." I understand that Mr. Beccaria went and
talked it over with his colleagues and said, "No. That doesn't make sense
here." It seems something that a reasonable peer reviewer might say,
"That's a good idea." Is that the role of the peer reviewer as you see it, as
you outlined it?

Ms. Stump: My recommendation to Council is that you ask an appraiser to
use the standards and methods that they find appropriate to complete this
assignment, to get a well-documented reasonable opinion of value, of the
onsite value of these units. I'm not an appraiser, and Council is not an
appraiser. I will not be in a position to provide you an opinion of appropriate
methodology.      My recommendation is the Council ask a professional
appraiser to do that determination and, in a sense, to get a second look at
that. Mr. Beccaria has looked at it. I believe it is lawful for you to ask
another appraiser to also look at that issue.

Council Member Schmid: He seemed to have given us two things. One, the
night of the discussion and then a thoughtful response later. Two different
perspectives. We're asking a peer reviewer to take a look at that.

Ms. Stump: Yes, that's my recommendation.
                                                                        Page 19 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
