                         TRANSCRIPT

would be an improvement. Also, the notion that pro-housing residents don't
represent the residents of Palo Alto, but anti-housing residents do represent
Palo Alto residents, also baseless. Our own Citizen Survey shows that
about—if I remember correctly—about a third of Palo Altans think we have
too much housing, about a third think we don't have enough. It's pretty
evenly split. I certainly don't recall a checkbox on the application that says,
"Are you a pro-growth fanatic?" I have a couple of questions for Staff. Of
the voting members of the CAC as currently composed, how many are
renters? I understand renters compose just under about half of Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene: There's two renters in the mix.

Council Member Wolbach: Of the voting members?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:            I think
there's only one (inaudible).

Mr. Keene: Only one now?

Ms. Gitelman: One of the members just moved into a ...

Mr. Keene: There were two when we appointed them. One has now moved
into their own home.

Council Member Wolbach: We have one renter, and renters represent
approximately half of Palo Alto, about 45-48 percent I believe.

Mr. Keene: Yeah. I would state that the fact that we had two didn't reflect
an ownership bias on our part as the Staff. We were looking at multiple
factors when we were making recommendations. Some of them were as
simple as how engaged was somebody in the application that they put in, for
example.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that.

Mr. Keene: We kind of scrambled at the last minute to bring somebody in
who we didn't know, and then did an interview because they were a renter.

Council Member Wolbach: Also, how many people under the age of 35 are
voting members of the CAC?

Mr. Keene: We didn't ask people for their ages. I would be reluctant to try
to judge how old they are by their looks.

                                                                       Page 116 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
