                          TRANSCRIPT
I want to look at Hillary. If you have the single-story overlay, then the
appeals process changes, because now there isn't the appeal process that
we have seen for Individual Review. Instead this will be the burden of the
City to maintain the single-story overlay. Am I correct? I'm pretty sure
that's correct from reading about—is it Oak Grove, Bob, where this started?
Oak Grove. I think that was why they began, because the homeowners
sued the city. The point of this was to protect the homeowners and the
homeowners association in this situation.

Ms. Gitelman: I can't speak to that particular set of circumstances. The
concept of a single-story overlay is to preclude the construction of a two-
story home which would be considered discretionary under our Individual
Review program. It essentially eliminates the need for or the opportunity for
appeals in the IR program.

Council Member Kniss: Probably saving us money. Whenever there's an
appeal, it is going to be a cost to Staff and a cost of everyone else who gets
involved in it at the same time. Given that this has been our practice in the
past, let's continue our practice in the future. I don't know how many
homes will be involved. I think you said there are now roughly 846 lots that
are currently involved. I imagine we'll probably add another—I don't know.
I'm guessing 300, 400. Several of the groups tonight that have talked are in
different parts of town. It would seem that this consistent practice is going
to be workable. Let's move it forward.

Council Member Filseth: Council Member Kniss covered some of it. I have
the impression that the past practice of rezoning was a work-around to avoid
the fee. If we want to get rid of the fee, what's the right way to do it? Is it
to rezone or is it to do it some other way? If we're going to do this, what's
the proper way to do it?

Ms. Gitelman: The motion is perfectly acceptable. We could amend the
Code to state that such applications, if they meet these criteria that are
provided in the Code, shall be considered initiated by the Planning
Commission, and start there. That's an acceptable way to change the Code
and reflect the past practice.

Council Member Burt: When we put an overlay in, it's still an R-1 zone. Is
this really a rezone?

Ms. Gitelman: It is a rezone in the sense that we're applying a combination
district which shows on the zoning map, so it is considered a rezoning.

Council Member Burt: Logistically, we have these single-story overlay
applications that the soonest one may be arriving tomorrow, but we won't
                                                                         Page 49 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
