                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

9.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Amending Title 5 (Health
     and Sanitation) and Title 18 (Zoning) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
     to Require All Businesses to Subscribe to Recycling and Compost
     Services and Comply with Refuse Sorting Requirements.

Mayor Holman: With that then, we go to what is Item Number 9. We'll
come back to Item Number 8. Item Number 9 is adoption of an ordinance
amending Title 5, Health and Sanitation, and Title 18, Zoning, of the Palo
Alto Municipal Code to require all businesses to subscribe to recycling and
compost services and comply with refuse sorting requirements. Welcome,
Staff. You have a presentation. Phil, are you going to kick this one off?

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Public Works: Thank you, Mayor Holman.
Phil Bobel, Public Works. Just a brief statement. I know we need to get
through this rapidly; you've got a big item on the Comp Plan coming up.
Ron Arp is going to give the presentation. I'll sort of just interrupt him
rather than saying anything at the beginning and get us moving. Ron Arp,
our Solid Waste Manager, supported by Matt Krupp, our Number 2 man.

Ron Arp, Solid Waste Manager:          Thanks, Phil.   Ron Arp, Zero Waste
Manager. You can see the agenda for the presentation. We'll briefly go
through the background on why this ordinance is needed and go through the
key provisions and some of the benefits of this ordinance. This graph
illustrates why we think this ordinance is needed. The City, as you may
know, adopted a zero waste to landfill goal by 2021. You can see in this
graph here that after an uptick when we introduced the new programs in
2009 with the inception of the GreenWaste contract, you can see that we've
kind of leveled off at 80 percent diversion, 80 percent diversion from
landfills. If we are going to meet that zero waste goal, more effort is
needed.      We came to you earlier this year, and we developed three
initiatives that were designed to really focus on the compostable material in
the garbage. These initiatives, just to remind you, are the residential food
scraps program which we started July 1st and it's going well.            Other
initiatives are we modified the GreenWaste contract and extended it through
2021 and made provisions so that they would manage all of our compostable
waste treatment at their nearby Zero Waste Energy facility. Of course,
we're coming tonight for the ordinance. This next slide, this pie chart shows
what is in the current garbage on average. You can see from this that over
70 percent of what's in the average garbage, in the black cart, is
recoverable. The largest component of this is compostable materials. This

                                                                       Page 16 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
