                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: If you can scroll down, I can't remember who—was it
Council Member DuBois? Did you second this?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I accept that as well.

Mayor Holman: That's accepted by both.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Amendment in Part A, “or
North Santa Clara County.”

Council Member Berman: I should say I've got nothing against grade
separations in any other parts of the place, but this is our priorities. We
should prioritize us. My amendment for Number 3 would be to actually
delete "particularly in North Santa Clara County." The reason for that is
because we saw from earlier tonight with the percentage of workers that we
have coming in from South County that the first and last mile service is
something that no matter where it's implemented, it will hopefully have a
positive effect on Palo Alto.

Council Member Wolbach: I would accept that friendly amendment as well.

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Mayor Holman: That's accepted as well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Amendment in Part C,
“particularly in North Santa Clara County.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: I agree with a lot of what Council Member Burt said.
There's some sophisticated numbers in here that are important about things
like what value do we get for dollars, how many dollars per rider, what's the
mode share, what's the potential for growth, how much share dollars there
might be in each of these things, patterns of commute that might change
and call for different things. We're making assumptions on all those now
rather than saying, "Let's think about this, get some data and all have a
chance to think for a while about those issues." Also, if you look down the
list, it's not a bad list because it covers almost everything that's on the
original list. The only things left out really are signalization, parking supply,
maybe local bus shuttle service that isn't commuter-oriented. There are
some things we're missing. The question is do we want to leave those off
the list. That's just an argument for saying, "This is not a bad start, but
                                                                        Page 104 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
