                          TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.    Community Partnership Presentation - Palo Alto Medical Foundation
      linkAges Timebank Program.

Lacey Lutes, Utilities Account Representative: Hello. I am Lacey Lutes from
the Utilities Department here at the City. I would like to introduce the team
from the Palo Alto Medical Foundation's Innovation Center. The Innovation
Center has launched an intergenerational community program called
linkAges, which you are about to hear a little more about. The program was
originally launched in Mountain View, and now spans from Redwood City all
the way down to Saratoga. I wanted to let you know that Utilities has
recently contracted with the Medical Foundation, because we saw great
opportunity to take advantage of community involvement to spread the word
about water conservation outreach because of the drought and energy
efficiency to further extend our impact on the community.              Utilities
happened to be the first department to partner, and now other departments
are beginning to. I would like to introduce Vandana Pant, the Senior
Director of Strategic Initiatives at the Innovation Center to share more about
the program.

Vandana Pant, Palo Alto Medical Foundation linkAges Timebank Program:
Thank you, Lacey. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to present. Very
quickly, my name is Vandana, and I head up Strategic Initiatives at the
Innovation Center at the Palo Alto Medical Foundation. The Innovation
Center was founded by the Palo Alto Medical Foundation in 2010. We're
actually a disruptive innovation center, which means we're focused on
innovations for community health and well-being that are implemented out
in the community versus innovations in clinic-based care. Some key things
that drive our work. We look for grant challenges that are impacting not
just local community but also the nation. We look to leverage technology,
and we look to create and deploy solutions that are scalable. They are
applicable regionally across our own areas, but also applicable nationally
across the rest of the country. The first problem that we're looking at, we're
on our incubation initiative called linkAges, is addressing very simply the
concept and the issue of aging in community and how do we create
communities that allow folks to age successfully in their own homes as they
get older. Some background to that. Globally the population of folks 65-
plus is increasing very, very quickly. Nationally in the US, domestically,
we're reflecting and mirroring that growth. We're doubling almost every 20
years in the number of folks that are older. Here locally for you in Palo Alto,
currently the population of older adults is at 17 percent of your total City
population. That's about 6 points higher than California, and that's about 3
points higher than the US national average. By projections that have been
                                                                           Page 2 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
