                         TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: With that, Council Members, we go to Agenda Changes,
Additions and Deletions, and we have none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: We go now to City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members.
Just seeing Jasmina's short trailer puts our problems in perspective a little
bit, seeing those pictures. October 4-10 is Fire Prevention Week, which was
established to commemorate the great Chicago fire of 1871. If anybody
wants to launch into the song, that's okay while I'm reading on. That tragic
fire killed more than 250 people and left 100,000 people homeless. This
year's theme is Here the Beep Where You Sleep. The Fire Department
instructs our community members to install and test smoke alarms in every
bedroom. Roughly half of home fire deaths result from fires reported
between 11:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. when most people are asleep.
Numerous community risk reduction activities are taking place throughout
Palo Alto, including fire station open houses on Saturday, October 10th, and
an employee safety fair open to all on October 19th. Palo Alto's drought and
an update on trees, a matter of concern to folks across our community and,
I know, the Council. There is good news and bad news when it comes to our
conservation efforts in this drought. We've done a good job as we've
repeatedly reported to Council on our conservation efforts. We've save
about 34 percent compared to 2013 levels. We know that a number of our
trees across the City are showing signs of stress. We are reminding our
community that it is very important to continue watering trees. They're a
critical part of our community. Trees lost today, obviously, would take
decades to replace, if possible at all. The City itself has increased watering
public and street trees and has launched a new Save Our Water and Our
Trees campaign to inform people about proper tree care and irrigation.
We're asking residents and businesses to help us in our efforts to protect
and preserve our valuable resource as part of our City's green infrastructure.
For more information on trees, water issues and the drought, please go to
cityofpaloalto.org/water. Speaking of trees, leaf season is here. Starting on
October 12th and continuing through mid February, streets in residential
areas will be swept on a weekly basis instead of every other week. The
Council will remember that a year or two ago we moved to every other week
street sweeping, but always with the understanding that during the heavy
leaf fall portion of the season we'd return to the once a week schedule.
Residents can help our neighborhoods do that cleaning by doing three
things. Park cars off the street on the weekly sweep day if possible. I do

                                                                       Page 20 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
