                          TRANSCRIPT
I think we all know that one of the reasons there are statewide minimum
wage laws, in spite of the fact that we have a Federal minimum wage, is
because the 50 states are very different. California is a high cost state. Fair
enough. We've had a minimum wage law in California that exceeds the
requirement of the Federal law. All of a sudden we realized this is not a
small or homogenous state. We have a large state with many different
economic regions and sub-regions. I will tell you as a member of the State
Legislature I voted, I think, for virtually every minimum wage increase over
the 12 years I was there, but I always knew that the minimum wage had
more meaning and more impact in some parts of the state than others. I
think it makes sense to be looking at this issue in what I'll call a regional
way or a sub-regional way here in Santa Clara County. That being said, I
don't think it makes sense to have 15 different minimum wage laws in Santa
Clara County. I think business will legitimately express a concern about
trying to do business in a place where the rules are different on one side of
San Antonio than the other or one side of El Camino than the other. I think
the notion of trying to find a consensus around a particular number and
approach at a sub-regional or regional level makes a lot of sense. Do I
understand that you could make a case for a higher minimum wage in Palo
Alto than in San Jose or Morgan Hill? I do. I think at some point you just
have to say, "We are a region or a sub-region." For Palo Alto again, I would
always, of course, look over our artificial boundary with San Mateo County
because I think a lot of people here in the north county are intimately
involved with daily business in San Mateo County, and again the artificial
political boundary doesn't have much impact in terms of the cost of living or
the wages that are paid.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. Real quick on the housing issue. We
could talk about the need for more supply at all price points and the need for
protecting tenants from eviction or displacement as we've talked about with
Buena Vista in particular, where to locate housing where it makes the most
sense. If you have thoughts on any of those, love to hear them. The real
one that I'd like to talk a little bit more about is homelessness. I would
actually make the case that—I applaud all the work that you've been doing
around trying to make up for the loss of the winter shelter. I would actually
make the case that we should go much further. We've had some good
examples of work in Palo Alto, partnerships with service providers,
partnership with Hotel de Zinc. I'm curious about thoughts on potential for
expanding that, maybe even including more, like we already have with that,
safe parking spaces where you have case workers present. You mentioned
San Mateo County; looking to San Mateo County and their commitment to
making sure no child any time of year sleeps on the street through a
program that can expand and contract as need arises and maybe even

                                                                        Page 16 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
