                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: You're absolutely right. This is an evolving area. As the
State starts to move away from Level of Service, all local agencies are
looking towards other measures to try and measure traffic impacts including
cumulative impacts. In the existing conditions report that you mentioned,
we've started this process of identifying travel times for different links in the
City that hopefully over time we can monitor and amass data about how
those are changing.      In this project, we've had to fall back on the
methodology and the thresholds that are established by the VTA. I don't
necessarily think those thresholds are the greatest thing in the world, but
those are the thresholds we have. One of them involves the contribution of
a project towards significant cumulative impacts. It gives us a way to
consider whether those project contributions are significant. We've used the
tools that we have. I would love to have a fuller conversation with the
Council at some time in the future about how we're going to move away
from this standard methodology based on the changes in State law. We are
where we are this evening.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Maybe just a suggestion. It might be useful to have
not a formal Council session but a working session some afternoon, where
people who are interested could sit around and talk about these models and
what they're based on and alternatives. We do this every single application
and the same issues are there.

Council Member Burt:        I do want to acknowledge the significant
improvements in the project from when we received it last. From the
standpoint of the proportion that is housing and the increased amount of
affordable housing and the smaller units and less office, these are all
constructive movements. I share Council Member Schmid's concern about
the cumulative impact. I want to ask slightly differently and briefly of
Director Gitelman. We have related projects in the area that are having
impacts at the cloverleaf that boards onto Oregon Expressway going east.
What options do we have to impose constraints that are based upon those
cumulative impacts as opposed to how significant an individual project may
be?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. We do have a Citywide
traffic impact fee. In the budget that was approved earlier this evening,
we've included funding to update a nexus study and look at revising the
Citywide traffic impact fee to potentially fund additional improvements. The
Comprehensive Plan analysis we're doing for the Comprehensive Plan EIR
right now offers a great opportunity to look very broadly at cumulative
impacts in a way that you can't do for an individual project. An individual
project analysis becomes not only about the cumulative picture, but about
that project's contribution and what a reasonable ...
                                                                        Page 125 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
