                         TRANSCRIPT
interesting. What drove the EIR on the Jay Paul projects?       Are there two
EIRs are or just one?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm think there's just—I'm sorry. I don't recall offhand. I
think we're doing one EIR on the two projects. What drove it was this
concern about cumulative impacts in that vicinity. It's right on the Park
Boulevard corridor where we've seen a lot of development. It seemed a
better course of action to do an EIR than not.

Council Member Scharff: When we look at this in March, the way this is
going to work—is Staff going to come back with a different process? I was
unclear. Under your understanding of the alternative Motion, not this, in
March, somewhere I read, we're going to take all the projects in March 2016
and then you're going to basically—Council's going to—you're going to
choose or Council's going to choose on the weighting. You're going to come
up with a process, but it's in March, of how we get to which projects. Right
now, you have more than 50,000 square feet in the pipeline.

Ms. Gitelman: Under the substitute Motion, we would come back to Council
with a revised Ordinance. This really changes what we (crosstalk) here.

Council Member Scharff: No, I realize that. I'm trying to figure out ...

Ms. Gitelman: Under the original Motion ...

Council Member Scharff: Under the original Motion, in March , right?

Ms. Gitelman: At the end of March, March 31st, we would look at how many
projects we have that are ready for action. They're ready for a decision. If
that number exceeded 50,000 square feet, we would evaluate them and
propose to the Council which would be the winners and which would either
be denied or have to wait until next year. Then it would be Council's
decision whether to accept our recommendation or modify it.

Council Member Scharff: Previous to that, are you coming to Council with a
scoring mechanism? Go back to the original Motion, previous to that. Are
you coming to Council where we're going to actually vote on a scoring
mechanism and all of that?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. The Motion is directing us to develop an
administrative process and criteria with weighting in those categories that
are articulated there, that we would bring back to Council. That would have
to happen before the end of March of 2016.



                                                                      Page 122 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
