                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid expressed concern about the upfront costs of a nine-
month trial period.

Mr. Keene stated the Council could discuss that when Staff returned.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Council was vetting a fee structure or
broad principles.

Mr. Rossmann replied broad principles. Staff was asking the Council to
provide input.    During the annual budget process, Staff calculated the cost
recovery level for most fees based on Staff input. Now, Staff wanted to
align those fees to broad policy statements.

Council Member Scharff suggested the Council consider eliminating some
fees. Many fees could have a societal value such that the fee should not be
priced excessively high. Fees for housing were becoming substantial. He
was worried that costs were escalating above inflation. The draft policy
contained good, broad policies; however, he was unsure whether they would
be easy to apply. He was concerned that fees would be presented to the
Council in large groups or categories such that the Council could not discuss
individual fees.

Mr. Rossmann indicated the challenge was the number of similar fees that
were not similar in cost recovery level. The first goal was to ensure cost
recovery was consistent. During the annual budget process, Staff would
present the fee, the cost recovery level for each fee, and the resulting fee.
Thus, the Finance Committee and the Council could discuss individual fees.
If Staff proposed maintaining the cost recovery level for fees, they would
present those fees in groups.

Mr. Keene noted the application of cost recovery levels could generate a
great deal of discussion. The budget process contained too many details and
categories each year for the Council to discuss each fee individually.
Perhaps over the course of the year, Staff could prioritize groups of fees for
periodic Council review.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would present fees to the Finance
Committee in manageable groups.

Mr. Rossmann explained that Staff would return with a policy, based on the
current discussion, for Council adoption. However, that would occur too late
for the FY 2016 Proposed Budget. For FY 2016, Staff would propose a 3.6
percent increase, which was equivalent to the increase in salary and benefits
costs. For FY 2017-2019, Staff would attempt to align groups of fees with


04/06/2015                                                             117- 162
