                         TRANSCRIPT
some of these as project issues here. If you view these as sort of mutually
exclusive, some people arguing you shouldn't do this project because there
are these other seven possibilities that should do instead. I'm being a little
long-winded, but I'm not going to go through and describe—well, I sort of
have gone through and described these. To some extent you could view
them as project issues. To another extent, you could view them as non-
mutually exclusive activities that we should also be up to. In the spirit of
innovation and trying to solve the drought and our future needs, we should
be working on all these things simultaneously. That's another way of
viewing this. Rather than ask you to make that decision tonight, should we
just choose one of these, should we be pursuing all eight of them, what
should we do, what should we do. All we're asking you to do tonight is to
certify the EIR so that we keep this one approach moving. We're also
moving on those other seven, and we'd like to discuss it with you on some
other night, when it's not 11:00. Moving right along. I've also covered this
slide now. Other uses of recycled water. I think we've covered that one
good enough. I didn't talk about one angle, which is the possible tie-in with
Sunnyvale. That's another thing we're looking at. The committee that
Councilman Burt is the chair on, it'll probably get into that too. We'll
probably have to expand that group at some point to include Sunnyvale.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Phil, can I just jump in here just a second?

Mr. Bobel: Yes.

Ms. Stump: Just to add. Phil has provided some context and some
background on the larger picture of recycled water. There is a little bit in
your Staff Report on that. We spent some time as a Staff discussing really
what is the scope of the item before the Council tonight. The item is
agendized fairly narrowly. This kind of frames what the Staff has informed
the public that the Council would be discussing and taking action on tonight.
We also had a member need to be recused from the Stanford piece, but can
fully participate in a number of these broader questions. That's another
separate, independent reason why a full discussion of all of the context of
recycled water is really not before the Council tonight. It's something that
could be agendized. We expect that we will get direction from Council to go
ahead and agendize that for a soon and future meeting. Thanks.

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. The only reason I needed to sort of bring it to your
attention was the City Manager asked me to make sure that everybody knew
that we were working on all, as I count them, eight of these things, and we
could have a broader discussion later. He didn't want you to think that we
were just narrowly looking at this one thing and we were overly focused on
                                                                      Page 109 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
