                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think I can guarantee you that in the life of this Ordinance,
we will not have a new coordinated area plan. We haven't identified ...

Council Member Filseth: Agreed.

Ms. Gitelman: ... one that we're going to work on or started on it. It is a
time consuming, community-based planning effort. I just think that we're
heading off in a hypothetical direction that we perhaps don't need to do this
evening.

Council Member Scharff: I disagree. I think this is a good way to start
thinking about policy decisions if this issue comes back to us at the end of
two years. Or somebody might start a plan. They might start a plan.

Ms. Gitelman: Just so the Council's aware though. The Ordinance is
currently drafted to expire in two years or when the Comp Plan is completed,
whichever comes first.

Mayor Holman: Right. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I have to think we're in search of a problem or an
answer to a problem that doesn't exist. I heard what Hillary just said. The
coordinated area plans, the SOFA itself—I don't remember, I wasn't here
then, how long it took. I'm going to guess, looking at Pat and Karen, a
couple of years, three years. Probably four?

Mayor Holman: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: More. As Hillary has just defined, there isn't
anything out there right now. It doesn't exist. That would mean that we're
making some decisions about what some Council might do in the future. I'm
not seeing this as something that needs to be part of the Ordinance as we're
putting it forth tonight. Frankly, it's pretty convoluted and complicated. I
don't see it as something—it's not terrible, but I don't see it as something
that is necessary to support or will make a difference in the end.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach. Y'all, we're really beating a dog
here.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, this is largely symbolic. This is about—
anyway, speaking to the Motion as it currently is. This would as written, it
would not apply to SOFA. Again, when I was promoting these before, I
didn't realize that we still had entitlements and office allowances within
SOFA. This would exclude it, which is fine. I'll support this Motion, even


                                                                     Page 109 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
