                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Did Staff want us to take these up tonight? Was
that the plan or was it not?

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Mr. Lait: There are four items that we identified in Attachment E. Those
really are the only ones that we're interested in. The balance of the
Attachment E we would be fine moving to Tier 2. Council Members may
have a different perspective on that. The four that are listed on the screen
are the ones that we've highlighted. The bottom two are the most pertinent
as it relates to active development projects that are being processed by the
department.

Council Member Scharff: I think these four are manageable. Why don't we
just (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Excuse me, Council Member Scharff.             Council Member
DuBois had the floor, I do believe.

Council Member Berman: Excuse me, Madam Mayor. I'm sorry. I think we
have a process, though, that when we hit a certain hour, we have a
discussion about whether or not we're going to move on or not. I can't
remember if that was 10:00 or 10:30, but it's 10:25. We've been going
since 5:00 p.m. I think we need to have a discussion about what we're
going to get through, how late we're going to go, and what exactly we're
looking at taking on tonight before we move on with taking it on.

Mayor Holman:      Fair point, fair point.   Council Members—City Manager
Keene.

Mr. Keene: Could I just pile on? Sorry about this, but we have a second
Council meeting less than 48 hours from now also. You have a busy week.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think we should agree to a process to
either go through the attachment or through the presentation. Several of
these items I think are Tier 1. PTC moved them to Tier 2. There's language
here, I think we could go through them pretty quickly. There's these four;
there might be one or two others. I don't think, again, anybody's suggesting
we go through the entire Tier 2 list. Some of these things the Council
identified as Tier 1, and there's complete language. I think it's totally valid
to go through it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.



                                                                       Page 106 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
