                          TRANSCRIPT
sense of what the market will look like.         For those potential private
investors, it would be helpful for them potentially to know what the market
will look like. If Google does choose to build in Palo Alto, we'll see a
competitive response by Comcast and AT&T.            Blair Levin, who is the
architect of the National Broadband Plan, likes to say that in 100 percent of
the communities where Google has announced it's going to build, both the
cable and phone companies have announced a competitive response and
have started investing. We know that there will be shifts in the competitive
landscape here if Google decides to come here. For the potential private
sector entities who might wish to partner with the City, that's going to be
important information too. You could put out an RFI now and ask them what
might a partnership look like under either scenario, if Google builds in Palo
Alto or if it doesn't. An RFI is simply a way of very efficiently collecting
information and trying to make sure that as many entities as possible
respond to the City's query and request for information. I think you could
go either way and it would be a very sensible strategy.

Council Member Burt: Thank you for the report, and for everybody who's
been involved in this. I found a lot of valuable information there. Several of
my questions are intended to flesh out what additional information or factors
maybe should be included in the decision-making process. One thing is that
you had pointed out the $20 million or so that we have in our capital fund
that is dedicated toward limited uses in telecom.          You didn't, to my
knowledge, refer to the monetary value of our dark fiber ring and what
portion of that would be leveraged if we were to build out whatever we may
build out. Have you looked at the monetary value of that in replacement
cost for how we might use it in a fiber to the premise purpose?

Mr. Asp: Yes, we looked at that. One of the things, if you look at a full City
build out in trying to get to more of a ubiquitous build-out, the value of the
existing backbone fiber, the dark fiber that you have, is fairly limited. It's a
very small percentage of the overall cost. It doesn't have sufficient strand
count to support it, and various factors on that. There was limited value
from that aspect on a full City build-out. If you were going to look at doing,
kind of starting off and do kind of some targeted neighborhoods, that would
have some significant value on doing kind of more of a targeted type of
deployment. Then that backbone would become more of a substantial
percentage of the total value.

Council Member Burt: I didn't see any of those numbers though.




                                                                         Page 37 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
