                          TRANSCRIPT
only thing it does is basically tell us in an existing building not allow
someone to expand their lobby, I guess.             Council Member Filseth, I
apologize. If your intention was to limit the amount of space on the ground
floor of a building that's used for a lobby, if it's during redevelopment of a
site so the building's being modified or demolished and replaced, then that is
already captured in the Ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: I just wanted to make sure it's captured under
every conceivable likely circumstance. If Staff's opinion is that .104 covers
this and there aren't any other circumstances, then we don't need this.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. I think it is there.

Mayor Holman: Could Staff point to where?          We have situations on the
ground now where this is not the case.

Ms. Silver: In the current proposed language under 18.85.104, which we
relabeled 105 on packet Page 316, we are proposing adding a section that
addresses that issue. It's not currently in our Code.

Mayor Holman: What Council Member Filseth is proposing is new and it
addresses an issue that's not currently addressed.

Ms. Silver: We believe that the language that Council Member Filseth has
introduced is covered in 18.85.104 in the proposed Ordinance.

Ms. Stump: It's not in the current Code, Mayor Holman. Council asked us
to do this already, so we've already drafted this.

Council Member Burt: It's not in the current Code, and it is in the Interim
Ordinance?

Council Member Filseth: But it is in the Interim Ordinance?

Ms. Stump: Correct.

Council Member Filseth: Under Section .104 which is really 105.

Mayor Holman: It does not address lobby though, and it doesn't address all
of it. It does not address ...

Ms. Stump: I think that what is intended by lobby is what's needed to
access the upper floor. The entire rest of the ground floor is retail.

Council Member Filseth: Right. .104 doesn't specifically say lobby, but
that's presumably the only, actually it could be non-lobby uses too. Hallway.
                                                                         Page 38 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
