                          TRANSCRIPT
trees from all over the world, and most of them will grow here. We have
palm trees from Florida, magnolia trees from the South, trees from China
and Australia. The only problem with this is that in planting so many trees
from elsewhere, we are denying the local birds, butterflies, native bees and
all the other local critters the trees that they depend on for their survival.
The proposed Urban Forest Tree Plan was created with the best of
intentions, but it's very people-centric. It values tidiness over providing leaf
litter for ground birds to use as they hunt for bugs. It values the pretty
flowers of the nonnative magnolia tree over our native oaks, which are
arguably the trees with the highest habitat value in the area. According to
the California Oak Foundation, California's oaks support 331 wildlife species
of birds, mammals, amphibians and reptiles, 5,000 species of insects. They
are the host plant for multiple butterfly species. The proposed Urban Forest
Plan also relegates the blue elderberry, another very high habitat value tree,
to the trash heap of the not recommended list along with the western
redbud, which provides flowers for hummingbirds and seeds for song birds.
I have taken advantage of many chances to collaborate with the developers
of this Plan. There is much to be appreciated in the result. We are asking
for a shift in thinking here. With the possible exception of some street trees,
the emphasis on tidiness and good behavior needs to shift. We are asking
Council to think about their urban forest as part of the ecosystem that we all
live in. We ask you to direct Staff to create a Plan that values the habitat
usefulness of trees. We've developed so much of our land. If we don't start
planting for nature in our streetscapes, at our homes and in our parks, there
won't be anything left. In Staff's presentation, you were told that Palo Alto
citizens value habitat in their neighborhoods. We think the Urban Tree Plan
should do the same. Thank you.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Holman, City Council. I'm Shani
Kleinhaus. I speak for Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society and also as a
resident of Palo Alto. I also participated occasionally and repeatedly in
discussions with Walter and others in the Plan. There's a lot of good
information, good intentions and good results and good plans, etc., in this
Plan. There is a lot of good in it. It comes short, because it essentially
comes from the perspective of street trees. It does not really look at habitat
trees. When you are going to recommend not only street trees, but also
what should people plant in their backyards or front yards, then habitat,
native plants and fruit trees should be part of the conversation. Maybe it
started with the fact that the questions in the survey did not include those
issues, and so they're delegated to all these little sticky notes where people
had different perspectives.     That became hot topics, but there is no
resolution. There's no measure to those hot topics. Palo Alto generally
would like to see birds. The selection of trees would have a huge impact.
It's really easy to measure some things. It's true that it's hard to measure
                                                                          Page 77 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
