                          TRANSCRIPT
unanimously supported by our Commission, unanimously supported by the
City Council, and was probably arguably the most defensible PC zone in
memory was overturned by 6,500 over 66,000 residents. I want to say that
following that regrettable result, we then placed a moratorium on PC zones
which made sense. I bring this up because in the wake of that moratorium,
I think there's concern, at least from me, that we are not doing enough to
encourage development of additional housing, especially affordable housing,
in the City. To be clear, I don't think this Commission is blind to the data or
deaf to the anecdotal evidence regarding the traffic congestion and parking
problems that have affected many in our community. From my perspective,
we've basically spearheaded providing a forum for the Downtown parking
permit process to take place, and we were continually suggesting that that
process move forward. As a City, we operate within a legal framework
imposed on us by the State. We have an obligation both legal and, I would
argue, moral to encourage development of affordable housing. That's the
very reason and motivation for the State's requirement that our Housing
Element be certified and why this Element must be updated more frequently
than any of the other Elements. We sit in the middle of a very rapidly and
ever changing Bay Area. I think that the impact of this growth is not
welcomed by many of our residents. That unfortunately doesn't mean that
we can ignore it and we can't turn our back on this change. One of the
things that keeps coming up tonight is that, while this Council is subject to
the popular whims of this community, this Commission isn't. The distinction
is so fundamental to our work, because much of the framework within which
we operate requires us to provide you often with guidance that's not going
to be popular. It's not surprising to me that in the last year you've
experienced a very significant change in the way you feel about the
Commission, because in the last year this Council has changed dramatically
politically. This is the Council that unanimously supported Maybell. This is
also the Council that is now made up of the wave that has changed since the
Maybell referendum. We didn't change that much. I think that there is
going to be a lot of discord with respect to the way you work with the
guidance that we provide in the political forum that you're in. I don't want
to suggest even for one minute that every meeting of ours is eloquent,
articulate or coherent. That said, in the three years that I've been on this
Commission—I am the second longest standing Commission Member—I
really believe that this year we experienced a significant raising of the bar in
our process. Chair Tanaka has demonstrably enhanced the way that we
have our meetings. If you were to read the Minutes of—I have a lot of
respect for Chair Martinez and a lot of respect for Chair Michael. It was
totally different. Now, we're pushed hard to make a point, to be concise.
We are constantly trying to identify what is it in this issue that we're not
working with. I think from our perspective, when that PC process came back
to us, we were looking for direction from you as to how do we move forward
                                                                            Page 56 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
