                         TRANSCRIPT
public parking structure and to direct Staff to proceed with design and
environmental review. I will leave the rest of that to the Staff presentation.
Thank you. Welcome.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Thank you, Mayor Holman, members of
City Council. I'm Mike Sartor, Public Works Director. I'd just like to make
an acknowledgement that we have in the audience tonight David Bower
[phonetic], who was a member of the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission and also on the Public Safety Building committee that led to this
Council Priority. We also have Michael Ross here at the table to do a short
presentation on the options and what has been presented to the public on
this item. We also have a member of our Public Safety Staff in the audience
to answer any questions you might have. With that, I'll turn it over to Brad
Eggleston ...

James Keene, City Manager: Can I just say one more thing, Mike, on this
real quickly?

Mr. Sartor: Sure.

Mr. Keene: Could we assume that the Council has read the item? We can
blow through the presentation, and then we've got a toggle on the thing. If
you've got to go back and look at some slides, we can do that. Let's whip
through it.

Mr. Sartor: Thanks, Jim.    I'll leave it to you, Brad, Assistant Director of
Public Works.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Thank you, Mike. I'll start
by dispensing with our overview. We had a little background for you on the
May Study Session. The long and short of it is you directed us essentially to
go and evaluate the California Avenue lots. A couple of things about parking
we wanted to mention just to reinforce that this does involve the Cal. Ave.
parking garage project as well. It would accelerate that project. Something
else that I don't think was really in the report. During the Study Session in
May, there was interest expressed by the Council in partnering with the
County of Santa Clara for the Courthouse location and potential partnerships
on parking there. I just wanted to let you know that Staff has reached out
to the County and the Court. There was an interest shown to that. At this
point, that doesn't preclude some future progress on that.           It's not
necessarily an important part of this decision. Wanted to let you know about
that. With that, I will turn it over to Michael Ross.

Michael Ross, RossDrulisCusenbery, Architecture, Inc.: Good evening,
Madam Mayor and members of the Council. It's a pleasure to be here.
                                                                       Page 84 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
