                         TRANSCRIPT
talked about earlier. As an approved part of it, the definitions are also
something that could be straightforward. I guess I would make a Motion
that we set a hard deadline at 11:00, and see if there are some of these that
can be dealt with upfront.

Mayor Holman: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor
Holman to set a hard stop of 11:00 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to speak any further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Schmid: No.

Mayor Holman: I'll speak just briefly. I mean, it was made pretty clear that
Staff wants responses to these four items. Let's see how many of them we
can get done by 11:00, and we'll have a hard stop there. It's pretty clear I
do certainly hear what Council Member Kniss read in the Staff Report, but I
know what Staff's communication has been, they want responses to this.
You heard Jonathan talk about how some of these are daily challenges. The
substitute Motion is to ...

Council Member Scharff: Which one are we starting with?

Vice Mayor Schmid: At the top.

Mayor Holman: At the top, yes. Have a hard stop at 11:00.

Mr. Keene: Can I interrupt? Because the Staff said the two bottom ones
were the most critical. The bottom one is too much time; they've already
given you their sense on that. I think the Staff tends to underestimate. The
only one they said could possibly go quickly is the footprint, home
basements. It seems to me if you're going to do this, you should start with
that one and see if you get that done in five minutes, then you've got more
time to tackle something else.

Mayor Holman: The first one's already been to Policy and Services though.

Mr. Keene: An incentive-based scheduling.

Mayor Holman: The Motion on the board you see is to have a hard stop by
11:00. Vote on the board please. That fails on a 4-4.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid yes,
Burt absent

                                                                     Page 109 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
