                          TRANSCRIPT
escalation is absolutely related to the downturn in the investments in 2009.
There's a strong argument you should have escalated to those higher
contribution rates sooner than you did. The reason you didn't was because
of CalPERS' old asset smoothing. Under the new method, if we had a
downturn, you would get to that higher contribution rate much, much
sooner. Slide 17 is sort of a actuarial caveat. This is the projection of our
contribution rates. What we're doing is projecting your rates using CalPERS'
assumed or expected return of 7 1/2, and we're also doing it at what we
refer to as a poor expectation or a good expectation. Poor and good are not
worst case and best case scenarios. They are consistently bad investment
return or consistently good investment return. If you take a look at
Miscellaneous, that green line in the middle says for '14/'15 your
Miscellaneous contribution rate 27.7; for '15/'16 27.7. The ramp up in the
methodology and the assumption changes will get you, if CalPERS earns
exactly 7 1/2 percent, to a contribution that's really in the mid 30s. If they
consistently have good investment return, your rate over that same period
of time will drop to the, if we go to the end of that period, '25/'26 will drop
to the teens but it will gradually come down. If, on the other hand,
investment return is particularly bad, poor investment return, you can see
your contribution rate for Miscellaneous will get to mid to upper 40s. We
obviously don't know what the investment return is going to be, but that
volatility, that range in contribution rate is really the indicator of volatile
contributions. My staff loves this slide. My eyes are not very good. I
probably could not read a single number on this graph. I actually don't think
reading the numbers matters. What matters is looking at the shape of those
lines. What you really see is this is a long-term 30-year projection of where
your contribution rate might go, again with the good and the poor
investment return. If you take a look at that green line in the middle, if
CalPERS gets that 7 1/2 percent return, what you really see is your
contribution rate will escalate rapidly. It will remain at a plateau, and then it
will come down in sort of what I refer to as fits and spurts. At the end of
that 30-year period, your contribution will be the normal cost rate. Under
CalPERS' old methodology, that did not happen. What you're hearing me
say is that is the exceptionally good thing about their new methodology.
Now, in point of fact, if investment return is poor, your rates will get high,
they will remain high for a very long period of time. If investment return is
good, they will drop much, much more rapidly over that period of time. The
good news here is really not what the numbers will be on that solid green
line. It's the very fact that it is coming down. The same thing is really true
for Safety. The difference is order of magnitude. For your '15/'16 Fiscal
Year, you're sitting at about 42 percent and then escalating to really the mid
50s if CalPERS earns exactly 7 1/2, and then really remaining a little flat,
coming down very gradually. The poor investment return, your rates could
easily be, if investment return is poor, into the 60s and 70s. On the other
                                                                           Page 7 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
