                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Nanci Howe. If you didn't know before, there
are at least two Nanci Howes in Palo Alto.

Nanci Howe: We both work at Stanford too.

Mayor Holman: Yes, you do. The next speaker, you need to choose who's
going to speak. There are two names on the same speaker card, Manoj and
Rhea Tauiliani. One of you will speak. Thank you, Nanci.

Ms. Howe: I'm Nanci Howe. I live at 1094 Moffett Circle. I've lived there
for 24 years. My background, I am an art major, an undergrad, so I have a
real interest in aesthetics. I am very interested in the Eichler movement and
have purchased my home and renovated it on my own lovingly and for the
reason of preserving that character. In fact, my house was shown as the
first picture as a house that has not been remodeled and enlarged. It has
been remodeled and enlarged slightly. You can tell that even after the
remodeling it still looks like one of the original homes.          I'm also a
pragmatist, and I understand that needs can change, particularly in the
heated real estate market we exist and live in today in the Bay Area. My
daughter who is now currently looking for housing in this area made me
recently consider would I add on to my home and try to make it a
multigenerational home. I figure that I can do that, and I think that would
still preserve the quality and nature of the neighborhood. I have made that
commitment to supporting the nature of the neighborhood. I believe that
it's not mutually exclusive. I'm sorry, I am in favor of the broader 72-
house—I forgot to say that in the beginning—proposal as initially proposed.
I believe having the ability to remodel one's home even at a larger scale to
accommodate some of these larger needs is not mutually exclusive from
preserving the character of the neighborhood. I think there are some good
examples there. I would be willing to do that for myself, and I believe that
most others would as well. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Mr. Tauiliani, to be followed by DanDan Yu.

Manoj Tauiliani: While they are putting up the PowerPoint, I want to ...

Mayor Holman: You need to pull over the microphone please.

Mr. Tauiliani: While we are teeing up with the PowerPoint, I want to first
bring out a slide that shows that the percentages in terms of yes and no
have changed. Since the last PTC meeting, we have had two two-story
homes that have switched from a yes to SSO to a no. On Greer, now you
have just about 57 percent of people who are for a single-story overlay. I'm
just going to build this slide. I'm in a 6,000-square-foot lot size, smallest lot
size on Greer Park. I'm bounded by a two-story home and a very high
                                                                            Page 113 of 132
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript 11/30/15
