                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The nature of your business.

Ms. Oommen: Blossom is a registered not-for-profit organization. We're
registered and have been in Palo Alto for 16 years, ever since our inception.
We serve the local community with classes and resources for expectant
couples and new families. We're a nonprofit on this street.

Ms. Gitelman: It sounds like an office use.

Ms. Oommen: We have a resale store within our store as well. We are on
the first floor, but with steps set back from the street.

Council Member Scharff: They have classes. That's where I was picking up
on it. Do we include classes as personal services, if they're not fitness
classes? I know we have the Barre place, which is right there. They have
fitness classes. You put that down as one of the formula retail. I was just
trying to get a sense of where that line is drawn in our Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman: We've learned from the prior discussions on this that some of
these questions require some ...

Council Member Scharff: Some analysis.

Ms. Gitelman: ... some analysis of exactly what's proposed. There are some
small fitness-type things and yoga studios that do count as personal services
and would be permitted. Some larger ones count as commercial recreation
and would not be permitted. It's usually a site-specific question.

Council Member Scharff: You're suggesting that we put in a conditional use
permit for formula retail. When I was looking through the formula retail
stuff, the Kelly-Moore Paint Store, for instance. When people tell me
California Avenue is changing and that they're losing the services they want,
I think they mean things like the Kelly-Moore Paint Store. It's been there a
long time. It's not a hardware store, but it's in that sort of thing when
people talk about it. Have we thought about maybe limiting the formula
retail issue to restaurants and eating establishments? Is there any reason
we couldn't do that?

Mr. Lait: No reason that the Council couldn't go down that path.

Council Member Scharff: When we think about formula retail that's not
eating establishments or drinking establishments, do we have any indication
that—formula retail that people think about are things like the Gap or, I
don't know, those bigger stores that come in. Do we have any indication
that California Avenue was the site where anyone's considered those kind of

                                                                       Page 41 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
