                          TRANSCRIPT
component for Caltrain improvements. You know that from our track record
as well as our future efforts together. It's not an "either/or;" it's an "and."
A good measure is going to be an "and."

Council Member Burt: We'll have more discussions on what a very strong
component actually means.

Mr. Guardino: Sure. That's where the Valley Transportation Authority in the
process of the 15 cities and towns weigh in, you're the policymakers. At the
end of the day, the second Friday of August, the registrar of voters will have
or will not have a ballot measure for transportation funding improvements in
November 2016. That will be put on the ballot in one of three ways. The
VTA by a vote of two-thirds which is eight of the twelve representatives or
the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors by two-thirds. Because it's five
people, that's four out of five votes. The third way is a citizen initiative
collecting signatures that neither us nor anyone else has ever talked about.
At the end of the day, policymakers will make this decision. What we try to
be transparent about as business leaders, who candidly would rather be
running their business, but these issues, traffic, housing, education, are so
core to the future of our valley that under Mr. Packard's leadership and
succeeding generations, we take time to get involved. We're committed to
working with you. We just try to be transparent about what would be good
policy, what are worth our collective tax dollars, and we poll to determine
where voters are because it's their money. That's how we try to add value
to any final product.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thanks for joining us tonight.

Mr. Guardino: It's a pleasure. Thank you.

Council Member Berman: I think what you've heard, at least from all of my
colleagues that have mentioned it, is that no one is really denying the
importance of BART to and through the south of Santa Clara County or
middle of Santa Clara County. I think what you're also really hearing is that
we have pretty massive congestion and transportation challenges on the
Peninsula cities and in the West Valley cities. These are challenges that cost
more to fix than the funding that's currently identified. As you alluded to
and you've heard, we're very realistic about the fact that this sales tax
measure will not fully fund the problems that currently exist. I think we do
hope, and I think you can anticipate, that it will be a very important piece to
that bigger puzzle, maybe a piece that can help generate some of that
additional revenue that's needed to really address some of these, as Council
Member Burt mentioned, 50 to 100-year challenges. That needs to be our
                                                                        Page 81 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
