                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: Right.

Council Member Burt: In the findings and the recommendations, there are
references to the Water District. For instance, Recommendation 4, that the
Water District should coordinate the County's efforts to address sea level
rise. It seems like that would be an appropriate place to include ...

Ms. Stump: This is a little bit odd. Palo Alto's not called on to respond to
Recommendation 4, because it does not speak to us. We're only directed
to respond where we are specifically identified as being asked to make a
change or some kind of adjustment.

Council Member Burt:        Which were the recommendations we were
specifically asked to respond to? Recommendation !, I see we responded
to.

Ms. Stump: And "3."

Council Member Burt: And "3." "1" says that the Water District should
take a more proactive role in coordinating with cities and that's part of
what this is.    The shoreline study is them taking a proactive role
coordinating with cities.

Mr. Bobel: Why don't you let me work with Molly? I think we can do what
you want and still be within the confines of responding to Finding Number
1.

Council Member Burt: I believe that the Safer Bay study also has a role
that the Water District is playing there.

Mr. Bobel: Yes. I think they were aware of both of those, but just chose
to say that more coordination could be accomplished. The Water District
agrees by the way. They shared their draft response with Kirsten today. It
says in there that they're going to do two things. One is they're going to
identify a staff person to play the lead role from the Water District on this
issue, kind of recognizing the fact that they haven't been a true point for
sea level rise. Secondly, that they do intend to more fully coordinate. I
think they're not disagreeing with that.

Council Member Burt: I fully agree that we want to see them take an even
stronger role as we want us to take an even stronger role. That's not
really the issue. The response to this report left unanswered the claim of
the Jury becomes the record unless we respond to it with additional
information. That's my point.


                                                                         Page 43 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
