                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt noted Section 9.076.030(D)(5)(v) of the Ordinance
recognized pop-out rooms, porches, etc. However, there was an ambiguity
as to whether non-permitted pop-out rooms should be recognized as part of
the unit. For some reason, the Hearing Officer recognized them for purposes
of the appraisal but not for purposes of the rent subsidy. He asked if the
Ordinance provided guidance for treating pop-out rooms differently.

Ms. Stump advised that the park owner was required to describe what was
physically present at the park. That was done in the RIR which included
those porches, patios, pop-out rooms, etc. The Hearing Officer's decision
was independent, and Staff had not consulted with him because it was not
appropriate. In essence, the Hearing Officer did treat them differently.
There was a complexity to the issue in that residents may have reported
those additional structures as bedrooms. Nothing specific in the Ordinance
dictated treatment of those structures. The issue was within the Council's
discretion.

Council Member Burt inquired whether the park owner interpreted the
Ordinance as excluding schools.

Ms. Nanda interpreted the term community as all aspects of the community.
However, the Residents Association argued that appraisal values should
specifically reflect and be increased by the park's location in Palo Alto and
attendance at Palo Alto schools. The Residents Association also argued that
schools should be a factor in determining comparability. Schools could not
be a factor in appraisal or comparability as evidence in the record indicated
by the Assistant City Attorney in 2001 reviewed other ordinances that
included schools, yet schools were specifically excluded from the Ordinance.

Council Member Burt stated under Ms. Nanda's interpretation "such as"
would have the effect of "limited to." In that sense, "such as" was exclusive.

Ms. Nanda argued that shopping, medical services, recreational facilities and
transportation, as stated in the Ordinance, did not embrace the school
system. The Council could not stretch that list of amenities to include
schools. Drafters of the Ordinance failed to list schools as an amenity even
after they reviewed other ordinances that did include schools. The Hearing
Officer did not find legislative intent for including schools as an amenity.

Ms. Aziz responded that "such as" meant "for example." Real estate listings
for Palo Alto listed the schools for each property. Prices were high in Palo
Alto because of its schools. That factor needed to be considered when
reviewing comparable housing.


                                                                        Page 18 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
