                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to direct Staff to investigate increasing the Business Registry late fee
monthly for for-profit organizations and remain the same for non-profit
organizations.

Council Member DuBois: I understand we're taking steps to do outreach to
companies. I'm concerned that the Registry fee is $50. The maximum late
fee is $50. I'm concerned it's going to take too long unless we escalate the
fee.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman: There's already a second.

Council Member Burt: I support Council Member DuBois' statements.

Council Member Kniss: No problem supporting this. I don't want to add this
to the Motion, but inherent in that should be why are we having such a hard
time with this Business Registry. It's been talked about for a long time. Are
we missing something in the amount of the late fee and so forth? As we
look at it, we should analyze why it's not yet very successful.

Council Member Scharff: I agree with the intent. I'm not sure it's not too
prescriptive, and I'm not sure why we're okay with for-profit organizations
not signing up and nonprofits don't have to sign up. We should have Staff
come back to us with an approach. First of all, what is the uptake at the
moment? I don't think we've really had ...

Mr. Keene: I gave one last week. I can't remember what it was. It was
approaching 1,500.       We haven't gotten above, say, the 30 percent
threshold. That's for sure. We need to look at things. Part of the discussion
on the fee or fine itself still may not be the whole issue. We have to talk
about the enforcement capacity, what that takes. There might still be some
folks who say, "I'll pay a fee. I don't feel like whatever. I’m Libertarian", or
whatever it is. What you want to know is what's keeping us from hitting our
numbers.

Council Member Scharff: I'd make a Substitute Motion that we direct Staff
to investigate increasing Business Registry registration up to and including
increasing late fees.

Council Member Berman: Second. Was that a Substitute Motion?




                                                                          Page 74 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
