                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Should we give a hint of what it means to be up to us?

Council Member Scharff: What would you suggest as a hint?

Vice Mayor Schmid: How about a jobs to housing ratio in mixed use of 2.5
or less.

Council Member Scharff: I'd find that to be too prescriptive.

Mayor Holman: Can I suggest that this is something that Staff can come
back with some options that would address this. Instead of us trying to
hash them out in detail tonight. Council Member Burt needs to clarify
something.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I realize now after Hillary explained what was
intended on intensity of use, that what I proposed and Council Member
Scharff accepted doesn't follow that intention. Mine would have been
describing a criterion around density of development. We could have
density of development replace intensity of use under this.

Council Member Scharff: I was going to ask you that question.

Council Member Burt: We still have a question. Is there some way we could
address intensity of use, which is a big, value issue? I remain open to that,
but I haven't been able to come up with a way to do that.

Council Member Scharff:      Density of development in the context of
underlying zoning and surroundings. I'm good with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A, “intensity of use” with
“density of development.”

Council Member Filseth: I like where Number A is going. I share the
concern that trying to manage the intensity of use in terms of employee
density at the time the building is designed is very difficult. On the other
hand, it seems to me that there ought to be value—maybe this is
understood, but it's not delineated. A project which meets Code without
variances and exceptions out to be something that we take a look at as we
consider these things. We're starting to go through there in terms of the
context of underlying zoning and surroundings. Is that part of what you
meant? It meets zoning.

Council Member Burt: If we had two projects, and one had a whole bunch of
exceptions breaking out of the zoning. Zoning allows something, but you
look at the surroundings and it's a four-story proposed with a bunch of one
                                                                      Page 82 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
