                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry I didn't get it. Staff is here; one of us will get it.

Council Member DuBois: On the Community Services, I like the current
language.      I particularly like measuring success through customer
satisfaction, which is missing from the update. On the Natural Environment,
again I like the current Comprehensive Plan language. It makes it clear that
there are two things, the open space and parks versus the urban forest. The
new language blends the two, and the new language doesn't have anything
about conservation either in the Vision or in the Goals.           The current
language mentions conservation several times. In the Business Element, I
like the PTC version here, but I would like to include a sentence again in the
middle of the current plan that makes it clear that "the competing needs of
residents and businesses will be balanced so that neighborhoods are
protected." Then the rest of that sentence. Again, that kind of clarity is
good, and a lot of that got diluted out. I'm going to keep it short. I hope we
do a third round where I'll go into the Goals.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, you went through some of those.
You could have been making motions or maybe you're just getting out there
what your intentions are.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to get them out and hear everybody.

Council Member Burt: First, I concur with a number of Council Member
DuBois' comments. Although, at the same time, I want to move in the
direction of a more concise set of Vision Statements than the old Comp Plan.
We have to try and figure out a way to do that. Council Member DuBois
favored some of the more concise on the Planning Commission and some
with a few inserts, which are well chosen additional sentences or themes.
We may find ways to take those same sentences and make them more
concise. We need to have a little more discussion on what Mayor Holman
brought up about the purposes of the introductions. The introductions are
not the Vision Statement, but they illuminate the Vision Statements.
They're auxiliaries to those, and we haven't given much discussion about
that. For instance under Land Use, I have some problems with the current
statement aside from its length, there are things in here. The fifth, sixth line
down, it says, "The diverse range of housing and work environments will be
sustained and expanded to create more choices for all income levels." I'm
always cautious about "will be" and that kind of absolute statement that is
not something that we necessarily live up to. If we want to say it's our
intention or our goal, then we should describe it as that. Even over on the
PTC side, there's some things that, I'll give as an example, are either
redundant or other surplus language. It says, "Palo Alto's land use decisions
shall balance our future growth." "Our future" is redundant. The growth is

                                                                            Page 37 of 60
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                  Trasncript: 04/27/2015
