                          TRASNCRIPT
community. Actually balance came up a lot from the community about the
diversity of interests that exist here in the community and within parks and
that needs to be balanced across the system.

Council Member Wolbach: Geographically, right?

Mr. de Geus: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: I will second that very wholeheartedly. I just
want to make sure that we're very thoughtful about this, that we're not
going to be using crumb rubber fill for any artificial turf in Palo Alto.

Mr. de Geus: That's correct, we're not.

Council Member Wolbach: Very good. Just to build upon something Council
Member Burt was talking about as far as being—I would actually say be
proactive and opportunistic in looking for not only spaces but also funding
opportunities so that we can have more park space. Obviously, there's a
debate about how much Palo Alto is going to grow. The country's growing;
global population's growing; the Bay Area population is growing, and Palo
Alto's population is going to grow by some degree. We need to make sure
that we continue to have an appropriate amount of park space and
recreation facilities accessible to Palo Altans no matter what part of the City
they live in and no matter how much our population grows. Just a couple of
things to suggest thinking about.          Working closely with the Planning
Department in general, on the Comprehensive Plan in particular, but in
general working with the Planning Department. Even looking for ways to
work with—look for private funding if necessary. Making sure that the idea
of in any potential future developments that park space and/or recreation
facilities, space and/or funding, is included in what we expect. Especially for
looking at future precise or coordinated area plans, that we make sure that
park space and recreation facilities are included in the consideration there.
Also, on accessibility, I think accessibility is very important. One of my
concerns is the difficulty of residents in getting to our open space. Getting
to Baylands, if you live at the other end of Palo Alto; getting to Foothills Park
and also Monte Bello. Even though it's not managed by Palo Alto, it is within
Palo Alto City borders, correct? Monte Bello Open Space Preserve managed
by the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District is within Palo Alto City
borders. Not very easy to get to, and this is another maybe opportunity to
work with the transportation staff and be open to looking for private funding,
public funding, whatever it takes. I think that daily shuttles at least on the
weekends, if not every day, for our residents no matter where they live or at
least somewhere in the heart of Palo Alto to be able to get up to Foothills
Park and potentially even to Monte Bello is worth serious exploration. I'm

                                                                         Page 25 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
