                         TRANSCRIPT
everyone is taking these deliberations seriously. My table also did not
support a growth cap. We were split between metering, but mostly in favor
of offsets. There was a lot of brainstorming around the types of offsets that
would be feasible. How to limit transit or offset with additional housing and
mixed-use and to try to make some sort of balance versus the blunt
instrument of just having a cap on offices. I wasn't sure if we were
representative, but I looked at the texts that were coming and I scraped
those off the website. It looks like about 70 percent favor mitigations. Most
of the comments that came from each table said, "We favor mitigations." It
was a pretty blunt instrument in the constitutional convention. There are
three choices; you can pick one. There was mitigations; there was cap on
growth; and there was metered growth. It was 70 percent of the various
tables throughout the group favored mitigations, about 25 percent favored
metering, and only 5 percent favored a cap. I'm hoping that if you still go
forward with the cap, that you consider the following exemptions. First, if
there's something to address our housing crisis, mixed-use developments
should be exempted. Second, buildings that are included in a specific plan
or some other future design to make a better area plan that's more
balanced. I also hope you'll consider an exemption, because this measure
does tie the hands of good planning and to address some of the things that
are more pressing. Thank you for your attention.

Drew Dennison: Hello, Mayor Holman and Council Members. This is my first
time coming to City Council. I'm a Palo Alto resident, and I've lived in Palo
Alto in the Downtown area for about two years with my wife, who's with me
tonight. We engaged our first time with City government by going to the
Comprehensive Summit. I found it a positive experience. We sat at a table
with about six people that neither my wife or I knew the other members at
the table. We were focused on two main concerns with the cap issues. The
first thing we worried about is people being unable to afford to live in Palo
Alto. People at our table definitely wanted more affordable and mixed-use
buildings, subsidized housing for low-income families, people with more
diverse backgrounds than people who currently live in Palo Alto. Secondly,
we thought it would be nice to have well-planned areas of Palo Alto. Parts of
the City that had mixed-use buildings, potentially taller buildings with first
floor retail, second floor office, maybe third and fourth floor or above could
be housing for residents. I hope you consider exemptions to the office cap,
specifically for areas where there's good design and we can have more
community involvement, especially younger people. My wife and I were
probably the youngest people at this meeting. I'd like to see more of our
peers be able to comment on this. Thank you.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I certainly
agree that we need some kind of a limit on office development, because it's
                                                                       Page 36 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
