                         TRANSCRIPT
whole from neighbors, and we heard that a little bit tonight. Has that
opposition been mainly based around certain areas or has that been a
concern over the entirety of the path?

Ms. Syed: I would say that the concerns that we've heard have been pretty
widespread along the entirety of the creek trail corridor from those who
would be most directly impacted by privacy concerns with the use of their
backyards and security concerns, noise impacts. Those haven't been limited
to one area of the creek.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I see no further lights, so it is time to vote on the board on
the amendment which is to delete Part A which is the hybrid alternative that
would use portions of Matadero Creek that are usable, delete that portion
from the motion. That amendment fails on a 6-3 vote with Council Members
Berman, Holman and DuBois voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Berman, DuBois, Holman yes

Mayor Holman: We return now to the main Motion. I see no lights. Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. Again, I've heard from quite a few
people, so I will not be supporting this Motion.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, vote on the board please. That
Motion passes on an 8-1 vote, Council Member DuBois voting no. Thank you
to Staff for the diligence and extend our appreciation to the CAC, if you
would please.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-1 DuBois no

8.   Proposed Expansion of Palo Alto's Plastic Foam Ordinance (Ordinance
     5039).

Mayor Holman: With that then, we move to our last item on the agenda this
evening, or last Action Item on the agenda this evening, which is to address
comment on the proposed expansion of Palo Alto's Plastic Foam Ordinance,
Ordinance Number 5039.        We have Staff coming with show and tell.
Welcome.

Phil Bobel, Assistant Director of Public Works: Thank you, Mayor Holman.
Phil Bobel, Public Works. With me is Julie Weiss; she has all the props for us
tonight. We have about a ten-minute presentation for you; Julie will give
that. Before she gets into it, you see an at-places memo from us. It
                                                                           Page 51 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
