                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I did. I just wanted clarification from the City
Manager that in this process it'll come to Finance first. I think that's our
usual procedure.

Mr. Keene: Is the usual procedure to go to ...

Council Member Scharff: I think so. I just wanted to ask because I wasn't
sure.

Mr. Keene: ... with mid-year Budget review to Finance? As appropriate.

Council Member Scharff: You don't know?

Mr. Keene: I'm assuming—if it's our usual procedure, then definitely we
would do that.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I thought. I was asking if it was. I
thought it was, but I'm not sure. We don't know?

Mr. Keene: My recollection is we typically bring it to Finance.       I mean, I
would say ...

Council Member Scharff: That's my recollection too, but I just don't recall.
All right.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, you had also voted to pull this. Do
you have any comment?

Council Member DuBois: Just the one about we're in the process of trying to
hire, so I think the optics are important. There's not a lot of runway for a
new Director of Project Safety Net to get established and seek other sources
of funds. I think we want to make sure it's clear that we support the
program.

Mayor Holman: The Motion before the Council then is to approve the seven-
month contract with Cypress Security Inc. not to exceed $439,441.84 for
Track Watch contract security services and adopt a related Budget
Amendment Ordinance. Not a part of the Motion but agreed to by Staff was
that they will bring forward options on funding sources as part of the mid-
year Budget review. With that, seeing no other lights, vote on the board
please. That pass unanimously. Thank you, Council Members.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Review and Direction Regarding       a Draft Ordinance Regulating
      Hazardous Materials Users and        Sensitive Receptors Such as
                                                                          Page 39 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
