                          TRANSCRIPT
Marcello Golfieri: Marcello. Anyway, I'm Italian; I actually moved here two
years ago for work. I'm from Italy, close to Venice. I really like Venice.
When people know you're from around Venice, they say that's a wonderful
place. I say it's not really my thing because it's such a nice beautiful city,
but nobody really Italian lives there anymore. It's just tourists. That's okay,
because Venice is beautiful. It's an open air museum. Palo Alto wants to be
alive. It's a live community and wants to keep going like that. You don't
want to die like Venice did. That shouldn’t really happen. I used to live in
Palo Alto, but I then moved out. Not because I couldn't afford it, because I
am lucky enough to have enough salary to do that. It was because all of my
closest friends left for wherever else because they couldn't afford it, even an
astrophysicist working at Stanford as a post-doc. People that you wouldn't
doubt, they actually left. If to stay here requires such a high-paying salary
and that requires such competition even in high school. Then you have your
kids jumping under a train to just get out of this system, I think something's
really screwed up. I'm Italian; I'm not going to die in this place, but I really
care where I live. I would really like to see a really, really live community.
This is just so f'ed up. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you very much for coming.             Next speaker is
William McCray, to be followed by Elaine Haight.

William McCray: Hey there. I live by Greer Park. I'll try to keep this brief
because my wife wants me home and actually people have agreed a lot
more tonight than I expected. I'm glad we have this agreement. The next
step, of course, is to do something. I had some very delicately crafted
philosophical, ethical, political arguments. I don't think really think we have
to argue if all know we need more housing. I would actually add we need all
sorts of development, but I won't try to start an argument now. I'll take the
win. Let's build more housing. I'm very happy about this. We have to do
something about it. I will share some anecdotes, because I've come up
before and talked about what Palo Alto is like for me and my coworkers.
I've been interested recently to hear basically what it's like for the service
workers. Three little tidbits from those conversations. One was someone
moving to Sacramento, keeping his job here, commuting all the way to Palo
Alto from Sacramento. I just can't imagine what that would be like. To me,
if someone told you an hour or two before you start your job, just sit and
don't do anything and then an hour or two after, just sit and don't do
anything. It's something like 10-20 hours added onto your work week. It's
not even a fulfilling 10-20 hours. It's 10-20 hours frustrated in a car. That's
one. Another was someone who just couldn't make it work. She was living
with her parents and had a kid, and there was no room for her, her husband,
the kid and her parents. There wasn't a solution there. I don't know what's
going to happen there. It was, "Do you have any advice for me?" My
                                                                         Page 45 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
