                           TRANSCRIPT
of years that needed to be added as well, we can. A fully self-mitigated
project is going to be very difficult to achieve. If we word it properly
enough, that it is that strict, it's going to be very difficult to achieve. I don't
think we're going to have a lot of these. If somebody is creative enough to
do it, we should encourage that. As far as the question about being in
context and appropriate to the neighborhood and things like that, we're not
talking about undoing all of our other ordinances and all of our other
processes. I'm not talking about something skipping ARB or skipping all of
our other rules about development. This is just saying that for the purpose
of the numerical annual cap, some almost unicorn mythical, difficult to
achieve, fully self-mitigating project should be exempted.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, in the next about 45 minutes we're
supposed to take up the next item.

Council Member Scharff: I respectfully disagree with Council Member Burt in
that this is an opportunity to experiment in the next two years and see what
kind of projects we get if we did something like this. It should be tightened
up, and I'll offer an amendment to this. Self-mitigating projects providing
sufficient rental housing such that the jobs/housing balance would improve
and which would also provide substantial Transportation Demand
Management plans, individually or in cooperation with others, to improve the
current parking impacts and to improve the current traffic—what's the right
word? Situation? If you did a traffic study and you said, "If you built this,
you'd have a better traffic situation than if you didn't build it," that's what
I'm trying to get to. The same with the parking. Council Member Burt's
notion was right. Right now you have a 5,000 square foot building that has
no parking. You build new parking and you fully park what you're going to
build plus you park the existing 5,000, that would do it for me on the
parking. If we had a traffic study that said this would be better than the
existing condition, then we should support that project and shouldn't make it
go through the cap.

Mayor Holman: Is the wording you're looking for "to improve the current
parking and traffic impacts"?

Council Member Scharff: Yes. To improve the current parking and traffic
impacts. As long as that captures for Director Gitelman what I just tried to
say.

Ms. Gitelman: That captures it. We could measure that in terms of delay or
congestion or even trips generated by the site.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, do you accept that?

                                                                           Page 69 of 145
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/15/15
