                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We're not showing what is proposed and what is existing;
we're just showing the net. This is an important point about the Cambridge
project that was referred to. We have not included on this table preliminary
ARB applications that may have come in the last year, two years, four years.
As the Council's aware, those preliminary reviews don't get an applicant any
entitlement. What they get are the input and direction and feedback from
the ARB. These are projects for which a formal ARB application or another
discretionary application has been filed that will potentially yield an
entitlement, but it specifically does not include preliminary ARBs.

Mayor Holman: Sorry I didn't catch that net increase. The map that's the
expanded map. Thank you for providing this larger map; it's much easier to
deal with and comprehend. The areas along El Camino that are on this map
but outside the red dashed area, are there planning applications in that area
currently?

Ms. Gitelman: All of the planning applications are listed on the table that we
just reviewed. There wouldn't be any outside of the ones that you see—
there weren't effective March 31st—other than the ones you see on this
Attachment D table.

Mayor Holman: The question that was asked about and the comment that
was made in the Staff Report about the vagaries around Staff interpretation
of current Code. Is that indicating that those Code cleanups would be a part
of what comes back to us after this has gone to Planning Commission and
then when it ultimately comes back to Council? Is that an implication of that
or not? I think you're accruing a list of those.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We're working on a list of Code cleanups. I
can't tell you if that one will make it into the top of the pile to come to
Council in short order or if that'll be lower down on the list. It's definitely
making its way up the list.

Mayor Holman: The Staff Report mentions complete applications by July 1.
Why that date as opposed to tonight? What's magical about July 1?

Ms. Gitelman: It's the beginning of the fiscal year. If we were going to start
a metering program and test it out in Fiscal Year 2016, it would make sense
in our view to commence on the first day of the fiscal year.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, it probably makes sense to do the order
that Staff has indicated. If there's reason to take them up in a different
order, then that's fine too. Comments and potential motions, let's start with
boundaries.

                                                                        Page 48 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
