                           TRANSCRIPT
more readily acceptable. We think that having balconies in front of the
rooms would be a nice feature. Marriott at that time said they got it. They
heard what was being asked of them, and they would go back to the
drawing room.      Months later, Marriott had a neighborhood follow-up
meeting. We attended. We were all disappointed to find that their changes
consisted of lowering the number of rooms from 301 to 297. They are still
five stories high with ugly architecture. It's just an unpleasant architecture
in our neighborhood. It's not a fit. We are trying to reach some sort of
compromise but found Marriott is not willing to budge. For this and the
many other reasons that have been expressed here and in writing, we ask
that the Council not approve this project. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Lu Lu to be followed by Joan Larrabee.

Lu Lu: Hi. My name is Lu. I'm a resident in Greenhouse II. I got my
Master's in transportation from MIT, and my concentration was on traffic
congestion. I wanted to give some comment based on a traffic study poster
the developer showed us a while ago. In the poster they showed us, their
assumptions and source of input data are not clear. The way they compute
the numbers is unknown to us, especially the metrics they use to measure
traffic impact is irrelevant to residents' interest which may lead to
misleading conclusions. The only metrics that is of residents' interest is
travel time. First of all, they claim that a hotel will improve Palo Alto's traffic
conditions in general because they will replace the trips from Google campus
area to north Palo Alto or to Sunnyvale area with shorter trips to San
Antonio Road. They showed us some result with metrics called (inaudible)
or something like that. That metrics is irrelevant and it does not reflect local
impact to traffic in San Antonio Road. Also, the existing long trips may be
longer, but it take variety of routes and distributed across different roads.
Therefore, the traffic impact on each road is marginal. On the other hand, if
we put all the traffic to San Antonio, the impact would be huge. Another
point I want to address is their analysis they showed us a number of 1-
point-something car per minute trip increase and they said it is small. Based
on both empirical experience and traffic flow theory, if you add one more car
per minute to free flow, it's no big deal. If you add one more car per minute
to an already congested, gridlocked area, it's going to be a disaster. Again,
their metrics is irrelevant. They don't show us any result of metrics that is
of our interest, which the travel time increased from our complex to 101 or
to El Camino. The third thing I want to raise is a proposal by the hotels to
improve community traffic condition by optimizing signal won't have much
impact during peak hours, because currently on peak hours on both direction
there are already queues. You can't do anything by optimizing signal when
there are queues, especially spill backs on both direction. Also, they
mention something like shuttles and bike lanes that don't make much since
                                                                            Page 7 of 110
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 12/7/15
