                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: Let me take a stab at that. As you recall, when we put together
the Infrastructure Funding Plan, we went into it knowing that we were using
present day dollars. The construction marketplace is volatile. What we're
seeing right now is a lot of construction activity due to the economy. That's
driving prices up. As time goes on, that may flatten out again. As you are
probably aware, construction costs are cyclical. That's essentially what
happened with our Mitchell Library. We bid that project at a down time, and
that led us to a lot of the problems we had with that. We had a contractor
that was in trouble from the very beginning. How can we do it better? We
can continue to look at the Engineering News-Record cost indices as we go
forward. The reality is once we get the project designed to a point where
we're ready to go to bid, we'll have a much better idea of what the actual
costs will be and what the funding needs will be.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Mike. In hindsight—you're right; it is
cyclical. It's impossible to estimate exactly where the economy is going to
be when we start putting shovels in the ground. In hindsight, I probably
wish that I'd have recommended that we have some 15 percent buffer in
there, or something like that. Hindsight being 20/20. We'll be doing this for
other things in the future, and I'll try to remember that at that time. I guess
the flip side is—this will get me to another question—it looks like revenues
are exceeding what the expectations were. It seems like we're getting
approximately $5 million more annually from TOT than we anticipated. I
guess the options are we can issue Certificates of Participation for some or
all of that or just try to accumulate it and pay as you go. Is that kind of our
two options on that front?

Mr. Eggleston: Those are the two options. Joe and Lalo might want to add
to that. I know there is a concern about kind of the aggregate amount of
debt that would be issued. We wouldn't want to say, "We said $5 million,
but now we have $10 million, so let's go issue debt based on the $10
million."

Council Member Berman: Got it. There are other factors that need to be
considered.

Mr. Eggleston: Both for the City's total amount of debt that's issued, not
wanting to be too much. You want to have some protection against future
recessions when you might not have that same amount of revenue.

Council Member Berman: Makes sense. That sound about right?

Mr. Perez: Yes. As we told you, we used about 70 percent of the projected
revenue. You want to protect. If the economy goes down, then you either
go through reserves or you have drastic cuts in operations. We probably
                                                                         Page 10 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
