But are businesses such as these vulnerable when we have lost 70,514 square feet of
retail since 2008? These are the kind of businesses we want and need to protect for a
number reasons including economic.

We have lost: Jungle Copy (twice), Zibibbo, Shady Lane is about to move away,
University Art, Bargain Box, Cho's, and Avenue Florist, to name a few.

We have all seen retail space converted to office and local businesses leave Palo Alto
for Los Altos, Redwood City and Menlo Park due to high rents or redevelopment. The
economic impact can be considerable to both you and the City given the dwindling
amount of square feet devoted to retail and services.

For reasons anticipated and never contemplated, we are losing retail.

Additionally, the Comprehensive Plan aspires to support walkability while we are also
looking to reduced vehicle miles traveled and support delivery of diverse goods and
services to our community.

My understanding is that Enid Pearson undertook assuring the future of Palo Alto’s
parks by way of a parks preservation ordinance, because of the loss of neighborhood
parks that she had visited with her own kids. Are we at such a time and place now with
regard to our retail, especially local retail? Have you gone to a business to find it is no
longer there?

The Council will soon be looking at ways to protect retail through a variety of means
potentially including interim ordinances protecting local retail especially on California
Avenue. Expect this in the March/April timeframe.

As the coiner of the phrase “Zone for what you want”, I look forward to the
challenge……but wish it was not upon us.



Slide Transportation

Focusing on transportation…

Slide 8,294

With 8,294 average weekday Caltrain passenger boardings within Palo Alto, Caltrain
electrification and grade crossing solutions are critical. We are fortunate to have access
to and utilization of Caltrain. Can you imagine the impact otherwise given the growth we
are experiencing and the traffic issues we are working to address.




                                         – 12 of 27 – 
