                          TRANSCRIPT

not going to get prioritized. VTA has agreed to these seven goals. They've
actually developed evaluation criteria against those goals. I think they're
going to use those to score the projects, and it's going to be fairly
quantitative. Then there'll be probably a balancing process on top of that.
It was pretty clear, I think to me, that if we don't submit projects that score
well, we're not going to see a lot of our projects funded. They also did
professional polling on how to get the measure passed. I think it's very
clear they're going to go for half a cent and raise $6 billion. They're
expecting requests for $15 billion from all the cities. They talked a lot about
unfunded road maintenance. I think after BART, just basic maintenance, a
regional freeway, some local road money is definitely going to get funded.
It's going to be part of how the ballot measure is sold. I think we need to
keep that context in mind when we think about our projects. Based on the
goals and the projects I heard at that meeting, we're a little bit in left field.
Not to say that we can't get some of that money for those projects. Just a
little context. On the project list, I really think we need to prioritize and
focus. I'd like to see us send fewer projects. I'm not sure if we can do that
tonight. I think we have to be pretty hard-nosed. I really did appreciate Joe
Simitian's letter and focus. I would support a move by North County cities
to dedicate a portion of the sales tax to the source city. I think that might
be one way that we can just guarantee a certain number of funds come back
to us. The other thing I spent some time thinking about is really the major
transit lines are set up around San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose. If we
believe the data we just saw, we only have about 7 percent of people from
the East Bay trying to get to Palo Alto. I think it's a real strategic decision if
we do want to focus on Dumbarton or not. I think that would have the
effect of bringing more people to Palo Alto, maybe worsening our
jobs/housing imbalance. It's this idea, does Palo Alto want to be the fourth
metroplex or do we want to kind of support the three and really focus maybe
on improving Caltrain along that corridor between San Jose and San
Francisco? I think it's just something to think about, like what are we really
trying to do. I hope we can use some of this data to help guide our
decisions there.

Council Member Kniss: Tom, you're saying this was the Envision meeting?

Council Member DuBois: This next part is no longer the Envision meeting.
This is me.

Council Member Kniss: Would you just say a little about that committee?

Council Member DuBois: It was just an ad hoc group, again ...
                                                                          Page 85 of 136
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/17/15
