                         TRANSCRIPT
pretty disappointed by the "we don't have time to plan" kind of attitude from
this letter. I know you're not VTA, but I was pretty disappointed by that
response. One other point and I think it's been made pretty clearly from
colleagues.    Oftentimes project priorities are given to housing density
locations. We're really a jobs density location. Others have said it in other
ways. If we're going to get people out of cars in this area, we need to be
able to find people who work here another way to get here. I'm hoping
there will be a commitment to looking at jobs density as well as housing
density when we're prioritizing projects and spending. Are there any other
comments by Council Members?

Mr. Keene:     Madam Mayor, could I make a couple of just clarifying
comments?

Mayor Holman: Sure, of course.

Mr. Keene: First of all, thanks to Mr. Guardino for coming. Just a reminder.
The very specific purpose was to have Carl here because Silicon Valley
Leadership Group has been doing the polling around this, and to be able to
get that explanation. Nobody else could really have substituted for that,
even though we've talked about that a little bit more, as Council Member
Wolbach had sort of pointed out. I had one sort of picky kind of question. I
was just curious on the question on improving Caltrain commuter rail service
from Gilroy to Palo Alto and to 73. I don't know how that was worded, but
you could sort of strike me that that wouldn't exactly capture how people
would be thinking about it from improving Caltrain commuter rail service
from Gilroy to Palo Alto. It could seem pretty limiting. People up here
saying, "I don't really know that we're really interested in how to get Gilroy"
more than the system piece. Just for the future. Just on a light-hearted
note. I would say that I enjoyed your Reese's peanut butter cup analogy.
As somebody who ate a lot of those in junior high school in Princeton, New
Jersey, I can tell you that they are equal parts chocolate and peanut butter.
That would be helpful to keep in mind as the Council was talking about.

Mr. Guardino: Your point is well taken. It's funny. When we write ballot
statements, first you're limited to 75 words, and they count the words in
goofy ways. Santa Clara County counts as one word. Palo Alto counts as
one word. They're not poetry; they're barely prose. You're trying to
describe something. Do know, though, that with every measure, it's all the
background material with the measure. When you talk about a cap, which
again we publicly said tonight and two weeks ago when we were surprised
by the comment that we would support, that's all those pages of supportive
material. You really are limited to how they define 75 words. If there's a
better way for the bullet on Caltrain to be described, first, absolutely we're

                                                                        Page 90 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
