                          TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council voted to have the City Manager be responsible
for the Committee. I guess the City Manager is now coming back to the
Council saying, "There's political reasons. Do you want to rethink anything?"
It seems to me the most basic question a politician would ask about a
committee or anything to do with democracy is what would a politician do or
say. The first thing a politician does in thinking about getting elected is to
sit down with a map of the city and draw lines. Where are the voters? In
Palo Alto, it's fairly straightforward. Oregon/Page Mill divides the City in two
parts, equal number of voters on both parts. You would expect a committee
that is political in nature should have equal representation. It is somewhat
surprising to find a committee representing the people that has 12 on one
side and 5 on the other. You asked for a recommendation. I guess I would
say it would make sense to add say four members to the Committee, all of
whom would reside in the southern part of town to not quite right the
balance, but to bring a better balance. I would note that in our Citizen
Survey, one of the questions where there was significant difference between
attitudes in the north and the south were around the question, "the job Palo
Alto government does at welcoming citizen involvement" is much less in the
south. I would think it's a significant issue for people who live in the south
and a significant issue for a politician who wants to appeal to voters across
town to try and right that balance. I would be in favor of adding four new
members to the Commission, all of whom come from the southern part of
town. I guess just to make sure that the confidence of the Committee
remains high, right now it is established where the vast majority, 90 percent
of the issues are probably going to be resolved on a consensus issue where
most people would form consensus. There's probably something like 5
percent of issues that would be contentious in nature.             Rather than
depending on a vote for what to present to the Council, I'd recommend you
put in a process that says any four members of the Committee could write
an independent assessment of anything they agree with when there's a
contentious issue. I note, for example, that the Committee's going to have
responsibility to deal with the growth limit of 3.249 million square feet is
going to be done by the CAC. Now, there's likely to be a division whether
the 3.249 is the right number or not. It would be good if there's not a
consensus, if a relatively small group was large enough to have an impact,
has the right to write an independent disagreement with the majority to be
presented to the Council. I think those two things would assure that the
CAC can play its role with having confidence with the Council and the public.

Council Member DuBois: I want to comment quickly on three areas I guess:
composition, schedule and process. On composition, I think it's been said
it's critical that the community trust this group. I've received over 100
                                                                        Page 113 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
