                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, could I suggest something if you
don't mind?

Council Member Wolbach: Please.

Mayor Holman: I think what you're trying to address, I don't want to put
words in your mouth, but I think what you're trying to address is the
comments and suggestions and concerns that were expressed by members
of the public this evening and that many of them were expressed in the
letter that was received from the Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society and
Native Plant Society. If you just made this to address the issues raised in
this, that might get to where you're trying to go. If that's what you're trying
to do.

Council Member Wolbach: I figured I'd just articulate a couple of the specific
items in the record. One other to add would be to discuss progress towards
improving canopy cover in south Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff: That's a good one. I'm good with that. The only
question is, is six months too short for Staff. Is six months fine?

Council Member Kniss: It's 12:05. We've been going late for every
meeting. You've got to give Staff a little more leeway than that. Canopy's
been underway since the early '90s. Probably come back in winter or spring
would work well.

Council Member Scharff: Can we just say six to nine months and be done
with it?

Council Member Kniss: Say six to nine months. Actually you could say six
weeks, if you want to at this point.

Council Member Wolbach: These timelines are slightly arbitrary, so I'm fine
with six to nine months.

Council Member Scharff: Okay. I accept it. Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: At 12:05 I'll accept about anything.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion:

    C.   To direct Staff to schedule a Study Session in six to nine months
         including, but not limited to the following issues with a second
         iteration of the Urban Forest Master Plan with greater discussion
         and emphasis on:
                                                                         Page 87 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
