                         TRANSCRIPT
ways. I didn't love the process; I was frustrated, but I actually did end up
changing my view. I think that's part of what a Commission does. I came
into this feeling like I had a simplistic analysis that was correct and came
away with a more nuanced discussion, whether or not the process of making
the sausage was pretty. The second was the PC process. This one I spent a
lot of time doing homework. I entered in a spreadsheet every PC project
from 1990, tagged it by type, what the variance was, whether or not that
would still be counted as PC, and came away with a fairly interesting and, to
me, unexpected conclusion that actually it's used very rarely. By far, the
most common use is for BMR. Many of the reasons that PC zones had been
used in the past had been written into the Zoning Code. When we came
away to discuss this, my impression was I do wish Council had crunched
these numbers or instructed Staff to crunch these numbers. I think the
conversation would have been a lot less volatile in the public, and also there
could have been a more (inaudible) discussion at the Council level. Now
having said that, many of the meetings that I've observed have gone
haywire. I also agree that Commissioner Tanaka has put in a lot of reforms
to make us more efficient. Despite that, I think you have people that are
citizen volunteers, that are operating under a different set of procedures.
The thing that I would give feedback on—I've taken a lot of feedback and I'll
take it to heart. The feedback I would give is when I've served on boards of
companies, when board meetings go badly, it's sometimes because the
board and staff haven't got the vision right that they're trying to measure
their success against. We have a Comp Plan, but that Comp Plan can
obviously be interpreted in a lot of different ways. There's some big vision
areas around. I think in Palo Alto it has to do with housing availability and
affordability, transportation options, the pace of office growth, retail
preservation. This Council has made a couple of these crystal clear. This
Council supports very slow growth of office through means of a cap; has
supported retail preservation on the ground floor. On some other critical
issues around how to make housing more available, the right mechanism for
controlling transportation, I think it's been somewhat less clear. Things that
come in front of us, I think, are often meandering discussions because the
touchstone which should be the Comprehensive Plan can be interpreted in a
number of ways. Each of us is putting our own lens against it. I think
Council could serve a really useful role in giving more of a guiding light
around a couple of these issues that come up again and again. That's it for
me. I think, again, this is very useful to me. Thank you for your advice.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I pass.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth passes. Yes.
                                                                          Page 60 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
