                          TRANSCRIPT
In this case, I really do think it helps if we give our congressional
representative essentially some ammunition to help her make her case when
she sits down across the table from the FAA which she has been doing and
which she and I have a chance to talk about from time to time.

Mayor Holman: Is there any progress anticipated that you can speak of?

Supervisor Simitian: In terms of dealing with the FAA?

Mayor Holman: Mm-hmm.

Supervisor Simitian: I think I would refer you to Congresswoman Eshoo's
office on that. She's better positioned to give you a direct report than I am.
I think the first step is to get somebody's attention, and I think she has the
FAA's attention, and I think that's a good thing. I think the second step is to
convince them that the problem is real. As I said, I think that's where
getting the support from different communities. I would encourage you as
you talk to your colleagues and other local city councils, if they haven't
taken similar action, encourage them to do it. Truly it's the breadth and
depth of the concern that she's able to demonstrate that is going to be
critical in her being able to make the case that this is real and not just an
isolated complaint or two.

Mayor Holman: Fair enough. Thank you very much. Before we bid you
adieu this evening, we do have two members of the public who care to
speak to you this evening. The two speakers are Herb Borock and Omar
Chatty. You will each have three minutes. The yellow light will not come
on; I'll time you by my phone here.

Herb Borock: Supervisor Simitian, Mayor Holman, Council Members, good
evening. Supervisor Simitian (crosstalk).

Mr. Borock: Great. You had mentioned and Council Member DuBois had
mentioned Bus Rapid Transit as a possibility in the transportation funding
measure. You had also mentioned housing. I believe it's possible from a
VTA standpoint that they see a linkage between the two in the sense that, I
believe, there is State money available. I think it's cap and trade funds
through Sustainable Communities money where Bus Rapid Transit would be
one of the things that would—criteria that would give a higher weighting for
people applying for those funds. While the VTA may not want to put housing
directly into a transportation measure, they may be motivated to put Bus
Rapid Transit in funds for this end of the county for those who feel it would
be worthwhile to redevelop and intensify development of parcels along the
route on El Camino for housing. There's some Council Members who feel it's
better to place that housing next to train stations rather than along El
                                                                        Page 23 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
