                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: When I grew up, we had 19 percent unemployment
when I was a kid.

Mayor Holman: I don't need to speak to it, because I think it is—the word
"moderate" becomes "manage." I seconded that amendment. Are there
any lights to speak to the amendment to change the word "moderate" to
"manage"?

Council Member Wolbach: I think both of us (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Do you not both want to speak to that one-word change?

Council Member Wolbach: Yep.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I actually agree with Vice Mayor Schmid. I don't
want to spend a lot of time here with one-word motions. I think we're pretty
close to the end, and we should let Staff go home. The idea of a managed
economy—I don't like the word "manage." Again, "moderate" is about the
pace of growth. I think it's a different message. When I had written the
original amendment, I was really thinking about the jobs/housing imbalance.
Council Member Wolbach was speaking; I just want to let him know that
that's kind of where this idea came from.         We have this very high
jobs/housing ratio. I thought just talking about moderating the pace of
growth was a good way to be there without being too abrupt or anything. I
don't know if the City really manages job growth. At the end of the day, I
guess either word is fine. It makes me think of a managed economy.

Council Member Filseth: You know me. I'm a diehard tea party-er.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, did you want to speak to this
one-word change?

Council Member Wolbach: After hearing Council Member DuBois speak, it
really could go either way. I'll support that amendment.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That amendment passes on a 3-
2 vote with Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Member DuBois voting no with
Council Members—that's right. We do need five votes.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Not for an amendment.

Mayor Holman: For an amendment, City Attorney, do we need five votes for
an amendment? That was a 3-2 vote on an amendment. We need five
votes for an amendment, do we not?
                                                                      Page 79 of 86
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/9/15
