                          TRANSCRIPT
name called, if you would please move to the front pew so that you're ready
to come forward and speak, that would be most helpful. Also, if anyone else
needs to speak to this item, turn your card in now. I will not be accepting
cards after the first speaker completes speaking. With that, Andrew Gottlieb
to be followed by Vita Goborova. I apologize if I'm butchering that last
name. I apologize. Thank you. Andrew.

Andrew Gottlieb: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I am a resident of
Downtown Palo Alto; I live on Emerson Street. I'm not anti-development by
any stretch. I like to see progressive development of the neighborhood.
When I see something like this, it's gone a little bit far. I believe the
developer's playing a bit of a shell game here. I think what they've done is
they've taken some of the serious comments that have been publicly made,
and they haven't listened. They just clearly haven't listened. They've taken
the mass, and they've just moved it to a different spot. Now we're looking
at pretty much the same project, not without the developers taking into
account really the concerns of the Council and the ARB and what the
neighbors have to say. I'm not sure these folks are even neighbors in
Downtown, so they actually won't be even impacted. When you walk down
Kipling Street, you can just feel what will happen to that street given the
nature of the project. If that's a well-integrated development, as this
gentleman said, then we have a big problem in Palo Alto. Thank you for
your time and good night.

Mayor Holman: For those who aren't familiar with speaking, when the
yellow light goes on, that means you have a minute left, just so everybody
knows. Vita Goborova to be followed by Stephen Levy. Again, apologies
about the last name.

Vita Borbunova: Hello. I'm a 15-years resident of Downtown Palo Alto, and
I'm speaking very much in support of appeal and very much against this
project. Honestly speaking, I am pretty much convinced that owners and
architect never actually expected you to approve this project as they
submitted it as they just give you the plans of the biggest and cheapest they
could get into the City without being locked out of the City. That's what it is,
and it's a huge (inaudible) that we're still discussing four-story high project
when I clearly remember, for example, Karen Holman mentioning removing
one or even two stories from this project. Somehow it was left as a possible
(inaudible). I also think that they're omitting a lot of detail from the
submitted plans. For example, the building across the street from the
proposed building shown as high as this building. In reality, the roof would
be this high. It's kind of omitting it. Here's how the building mass would
look like on the photograph. I just take the ruler and did it. Here on the
back looking from the Kipling, how it would look on the back. If you can see
                                                                            Page 10 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
