                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I think we have to just work with the Chair on the schedule.
There's a range of things that Policy and Services. I actually think that a lot
of this Motion actually isn't going to require us to do a lot of prep work in
advance, because it's a lot of discussion that the Committee's going to have
and may end up sort of saying never mind on some of these things. It's a
venue for an additional, deeper discussion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, did you have a comment?

Council Member Wolbach: This doesn't preclude Staff from making some
changes which they were planning to make anyway.

Mayor Holman: Without Council direction, it surely does.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not clear that it does.

Mr. Keene: There's nothing in this existing Motion that speaks to the other
recommendations in the Staff Report, so right now it's the direction from the
Council.

Mayor Holman: Such as eliminating the—wherever it went—eliminating the
very small businesses and such. That's direction tonight to Staff.

Council Member Wolbach: Right. The dropping of collection of—you know
what? That's fine.

Mr. Keene: If I just might clarify. I mean, if there are matters that are
within our administrative purview or our job responsibilities related to this,
we would not stop doing those as it relates to this initiative.

Mayor Holman: Correct. It's just that—thank you for the clarification. It's
just a policy difference. Stopping collecting parking data, that's a policy, not
an implementation.

Male: Let's vote.

Mayor Holman: Sorry, but I will read the Motion for those who don't see this
on the screen or are not watching on TV. Council Member DuBois moved,
seconded by Council Member Kniss, to (a) Staff to define an enforcement
ordinance with proposed mechanisms for citation and overdue bill collection,
exempt very small businesses, very small nonprofits and religious
organizations with no ancillary business onsite.       Policy and Services
Committee should discuss changes to the registration survey and meet in a
timely manner in order to ensure suggested changes will be ready by
renewal date in Year 2. (b) Continue to enhance reporting capabilities,
improve user functionality, data quality and user experience and return to
                                                                         Page 41 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
