                         TRANSCRIPT
representatives on this corridor, and they need to stand up and insist on the
right process and the right amount of time to begin to figure out what are
the right solutions. The EIR should not be an 18-month EIR. They should
agree to fully recommit themselves to Context Sensitive Solutions as the
process, and that they should commit to full transparency. Right now the
High Speed Rail Authority has been going down the same trap of believing
that they can succeed by withholding whatever information they have to a
great extent from the public and from the cities that are affected. We need
to insist otherwise. It really is misguided on their behalf. It's sort of this
ramming it forward and lack of transparency is the very way that this will
blow up again. Then they'll be calling people NIMBYs and whatever name-
calling they want to do, because they are not embracing a constructive
process that is designed toward problem solving and really coming up with
best solutions. I would like to just add one other thing along the lines of
what Council Member DuBois was talking about. We really should be
thinking in terms of a 50 to 100-year timeframe. I was recently thinking
about in the 1930s in Palo Alto, which was then North Palo Alto, we
constructed three major interchanges, and in 1960 a fourth one. We have
the Embarcadero underpass. We have the University Avenue underpass.
We have a trench of El Camino Real that goes under University Avenue.
This was done in the Great Depression without the resources that we have in
Silicon Valley today. Our business leaders and other political leaders in this
region have taken a mindset that we can't possibly do it right. Yet, in that
era we could. Eighty years later, we're still deriving the benefits of those
investments.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, may I just ask a follow-up question of Council
Member Burt on his comments? What I heard were two things. One, as it
relates to the City pursuing its own circulation study, but asking us to do so
within the Context Sensitive Solutions approach. A separate issue, though,
related to CSS and the High Speed Rail EIR and this conversation on
engaging Caltrain on our behalf on that. Correct?

Council Member Burt: Correct. The third part is to insist that the timeframe
to accomplish the EIR and CSS be driven not by whatever timeframe they're
interjecting without telling anyone why. Instead, it be driven by what's the
right amount of time necessary to do the process correctly.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I agree we can't rely on VTA or Caltrain to lead on
this. (inaudible) VTA of Santa Clara County only. I think Caltrain would
need to be involved, but they aren't impacted the way the cities are. I think
we'd have to form kind of a new multicity trench organization that would

                                                                         Page 28 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
