                          TRANSCRIPT
cannot find housing for their adult children here in Palo Alto where their kids
grew up and went to school and have networks of support. What we've
found as State and Federal affordable housing dollars have changed
dramatically in the past five years that without City leadership to create high
density affordable housing that's transit oriented, our population is simply
left out of any kind of housing. As you have this opportunity to revisit your
land use plan and plan for a City that all of the folks I've heard tonight, they
want a City that's inclusive of everyone. That's the vision. Please remember
to include people with developmental disabilities; they're an important part
of your community. They're living at home with aging parents with no real,
viable opportunity for affordable housing unless you step up and plan for it
to happen. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Arthur Keller to be followed by Joe
Hirsch.

Arthur Keller: Thank you. Even though I'm Co-Chair of the CAC, I'm
speaking on my own opinion. Firstly, land use is not just about housing;
although, most of the discussion tonight has seemed to focusing on housing.
Let me make a few remarks about housing first. First of all, housing near
Caltrain is for people who work in other cities, because you wouldn't take
Caltrain if you work here, if you live here. Housing should be near services,
and think about transit as just another service. When considering housing,
don't worsen the quality of life for everyone. Consider school capacity,
neighborhood park to resident ratio and other services. After all, we can
build two-story school buildings, but not two-story playing fields. Housing
impact fees for schools are inadequate and limited by State law. We also
need to consider how much office space to add. Think about feedback loops
where we address the impacts of office space, like traffic and parking, and
then we allow increased office space and then we address impacts, and so
on. We should limit office space until the impacts are addressed. As we
address those impacts, we can increase it. We also need to update L-8 to
address Citywide growth, not just growth in a handful of areas. After all, the
commercial areas have expanded beyond the areas in L-8. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Joe Hirsch to be followed by Eric Rosenblum.

Joe Hirsch: Thank you, Madam Mayor. I apologize, first of all, if my
comments are a bit disjointed. Some have already been made; I will
reiterate them. I moved here in 1974 and for many, many years, I
characterized the area as paradise, as someone else mentioned earlier this
evening. I now think of it in terms of paradise lost. The quality of life is
degrading. I hate to say this again, but Arastradero Road is absolutely
terrible. Traffic throughout the community is terrible. I had dinner with

                                                                         Page 48 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
