                             MINUTES
   6. The Municipal Code’s definition of retail services and the other uses
      cited above shall be continued;

   7. The ordinance will be effective for an initial 45 days with an option to
      extend if the urgency continues. Staff is also directed to prepare a
      traditional ordinance for consideration by the Planning and
      Transportation Commission and the City Council as a “backstop” to
      extend the interim measures until existing retail protections can be
      reviewed and revised as needed; and

   8. Nothing in the ordinance shall alter requirements of site-specific
      Planned Community Zoning Ordinances or adopted conditions of
      approval. Also, nothing in the ordinance shall affect the need for a
      Conditional Use Permit for certain allowed uses where such
      requirements currently exist; although, use permit requirements and
      affected uses could be adjusted in the permanent ordinance that
      follows.

Council Member Scharff believed an urgency ordinance was important,
because the City was losing retail. The City's Ordinances incorrectly zoned
for retail use. One of the best ways to protect long-term businesses was to
provide more retail spaces. He would like the Council to focus soon on retail
boundaries for California Avenue and Downtown and then El Camino Real.
An urgency ordinance was the first step in protecting retail and vibrancy.
The Council should create opportunities for retail business to exist.

Council Member Burt felt a great deal of the loss of retail resulted from the
City allowing other uses that commanded higher rents.           Much of the
Downtown periphery would be office uses without ground-floor retail
requirements in that area. He asked if Conditional Use Permits in retail
zones would be allowed under the interim ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman noted Number 8 of the Motion was not artfully stated. The
Council could clarify whether it would like to allow permitted uses to
continue or only ground-floor retail uses.

Council Member Burt asked if Ms. Gitelman meant whether the Council
would allow additional conditional uses under the interim ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman answered yes. Perhaps the Council would clarify whether it
would allow uses permitted by Conditional Use Permits to continue.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that conditional uses for ground floor retail areas
are not permitted in retail districts during the interim ordinance.

04/06/2015                                                             117- 185
