                            MINUTES
Residents in the Old Palo Alto part of Bryant Street did not want greenback
sharrows. Staff had removed them from the project.

Vice Mayor Schmid liked the ten-step plan for projects. While some people
did not want road markings, they did make people aware of bicyclists.
Integration of the Plan with the infrastructure program would provide the
Plan with a long-term funding source. The Staff Report stated numbers
were increasing, but there were no numbers. Staff would obtain counts with
the use of new technology. It would be nice to have a sense of the impact
bike projects made. He did not find many pedestrian features in the Plan,
and questioned whether elements should reflect the needs of walkers and
joggers. The map contained a great deal of information. Perhaps maps
could be segregated by completed projects, projects in progress, and future
projects.

Council Member DuBois encouraged Staff to be sensitive to context when
placing sharrows or markings in neighborhoods. He inquired about the
process for determining the number and location of signs.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated the process varied by corridor. Concept Plan Lines
did not state where every sign would be placed. In the design phase, Staff
would consolidate signs and place them in highly visible areas.

Council Member DuBois requested the current status of the Matadero Creek
Project.

Mr. Rodriguez reported the CAC application deadline was the prior week.
The Planning Director would review recommended applications in the next
few weeks. In February, Staff would begin meeting with the CAC to educate
them on projects and background. He hoped the CAC would assist Staff with
sharing presentations for and shaping information with the community.

Council Member DuBois commented that the City needed to balance the
needs of cars with bikes; some residents held the perception that Staff was
worsening traffic on purpose. He could not locate Middlefield on the bike
lane map, and asked if it was part of the Plan. It would be more logical to
keep bikes on Ross Road and Bryant Street rather than Middlefield Road.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that Staff was closing gaps and extending bike lanes
in the corridor and planned to extend bike lanes to Mountain View. Staff did
their best to balance the needs of vehicles with bikes and considered all
perspectives in plans.




01/20/2015                                                           216- 333
