                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Exactly, which I thought was funny. We have had
the discussion about that block. If you go there, there's a big sign that says
it's going through design review. What I’m looking for is how do I direct
Staff to focus on that and make sure that that's the biggest new building
that's going to be built in the California Avenue district. How do we make
sure that's included?

Ms. Gitelman: Any Ordinance that we bring forward with the boundaries
you've suggested is going to have to address this pipeline issue. If that's
one of your principle objectives, your direction to proceed as quickly as
possible on a relatively straightforward Ordinance would achieve your result.
Any Ordinance is going to have to address the pipeline. You want us to get
back to you as quickly as possible.

Council Member Scharff: Do I need to add anything?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't believe that you do. To the extent that you can make
the direction to us a little simpler, so we can get back to you sooner, that
would help.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to add that we prioritize ensuring that any,
if I could just do whatever the next one is, "p," "q," "r." I'll try this. That
Staff prioritize getting an Ordinance in place to ensure that any new
developments on Cambridge Avenue are included in having a ground-floor
retail requirement.

Mayor Holman: Question, Council Member Scharff.           Do you want to be
specific to Cambridge Avenue?

Council Member Scharff: My concern is this.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. Didn't you also mention one on Park?

Council Member Scharff: On Park Boulevard. I'd be fine with putting that as
well. If that slips through and falls through the crack, I don't view it as a
disaster. I do view that if we are trying to turn Cambridge into a second
vital retail district and we blow this, we then have very little hope of pulling
that off on Cambridge. I'm worried that if I give too much direction, include
too much area, Staff won't be able to pull it off in a short timeframe. That's
my only concern, how to make it effective.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, "j" addresses this if we just say
"prioritize." "J" does what your "r" does. It does.

Council Member Scharff: You'd say prioritize Cambridge Avenue?

                                                                         Page 94 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
