                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: That would be a review, meaning that it would be
compatible with the Kipling district.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct the Historic
Resources Board to readdress siting, scale and massing within the Kipling
District.

Council Member Wolbach: The Substitute Motion addresses the two key
concerns that I had. It also now incorporates having another body look at
the question of size, scale and mass. As I explained before, I'm not
particularly concerned with that, but I think it's appropriate to ask the
question about what that means in the context of the historical buildings
around it. Council Member DuBois, though we disagree about which of these
Motions we like better, I agree that the context is very important. We have
differences of opinion about whether this project to our own judgment is
appropriate for the neighborhood, for the context for that corner.         I
definitely agree that the context is important. I appreciate Vice Mayor
Schmid's Amendment to have that studied by the HRB, assuming that that's
not too far outside the purview of the HRB. The way that we can justify this
is that it's just providing a little bit more guidance to the HRB about why
we're sending it to them.

Council Member Burt: First let me speak to this last Amendment. Council
Member Scharff had said that the main Motion was too ambiguous. Now the
sentence has been added that is exceedingly ambiguous as to the authority
of the HRB. They can't review and determine or make a determination that
a project must be adjusted in its scale and mass and siting. That's not their
purview. It's also much more vague than the main Motion. It's really
designed to get the five votes and convincing colleagues that somehow their
issues will be addressed. The other thing is what process would occur.
Council Member Scharff had said he was worried about this thing coming
back to Council. This is set up for something that some vague direction to
HRB that they don't have purview over, that if they did say they didn't like
the project, it would somehow muddle its way back to the Council in some
undefined way. For all those reasons, that last Amendment is misguided as
far as trying to address the very things that several of us were talking about.
Second, I just want to say that there's been talk about following the rules.
This hearing is part of our rule process. I agree with Council Member DuBois
that we've had inadequate adherence to our site and design and context-
based rules. As far as Council Member Berman's statement about the TDRs,
we've asked Staff and it's been clear that having a TDR Program and
continuing to have a TDR Program doesn't mean that anybody can buy
whatever amount of TDRs they want and they have an automatic right to
                                                                       Page 81 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
