                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioned, are those particular uses within the industrial zone. Actually at
this point, we haven't even paid attention to whether it's in the industrial
zone or not. What we've done is we've canvassed and we've inventoried
and we've looked at all the hazardous materials inventory forms that have
been submitted to the City regardless of where they're located, regardless of
whichever zone they actually occur in. What we've identified as this Tier 2
are those uses that exceed Tier 3 as those uses that exceed the Title 19
CalARP thresholds. As far as we know right now, there are no businesses
that exceed these thresholds based on the inventory forms that we've
reviewed to date. As far as we understand, CPI was the last such business.
When they reduced their quantities of certain chemicals, they fell below the
Title 19 thresholds. Right now, there are no businesses that would comprise
this third tier. Of interest is that the way the Code currently is written in
18.23.100, any such use that exceeds these Title 19 thresholds would be
prohibited within 300 feet of any residential use or any residential zone, and
a conditional use permit would be required for any other similar type use
beyond that 300-foot distance from a residential area. In terms of noticing,
when a business exceeds the Title 19 thresholds, they're required as part of
the regulations to prepare something called a Risk Management Plan. The
Risk Management Plan evaluates offsite consequences from different
accidental release scenarios. That Risk Management Plan is expected to be
available and provided to the Palo Alto Fire Department, and a notice is
supposed to go out to those affected residences that would be within what
they call the zone of effect or the area of potential concern within that Risk
Management Plan. Those are the two existing tiers. Tier 1, pretty much
everything. Tier 3, those that exceed the CalARP thresholds. What's new?
What we are introducing is a new middle tier or Tier 2. What we are looking
at is something that, per the Council's direction, combines the quantities and
the types of hazardous materials onsite. We were looking at those inventory
forms again and trying to identify and isolate the types of chemicals that
produced the kind of health risk, the health concern or health effect, that are
currently of concern within Palo Alto such as those presented by the plating
shops. What we identified are a series of facilities that involve or have toxic
or highly toxic chemicals. We've also identified a series of chemicals that
are referred to as extremely hazardous substances. If we are then using
those as the types of hazardous materials, then the corollary is sort of what
quantities are we concerned about. Given that we already have a Tier 1
which makes mention of CUPA thresholds and the fact that we have a Tier 3
that mentions the CalARP thresholds, we're essentially looking for quantities
that fall between those two bookends, if you will. The other thing that we
were trying to introduce with this—not trying to, we did introduce with the
second tier a similar noticing procedure and a similar reporting requirement
to what you find already presented in Tier 1 and Tier 3. What we were
trying to do was establish noticing and reporting provisions that respected
                                                                            Page 43 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
