                         TRANSCRIPT
250. It doesn't exist there.    I'm going to be okay with the existing "i,"
because of that qualifier.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I can understand this along parts of California Avenue,
but the big extension we've been talking about is on Cambridge. To try and
get a historical sense on Cambridge is tough. This doesn't qualify by saying
on California Avenue. I have a hard time seeing the relevance to Cambridge
which is the key point we're trying to address.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the Motion. Voting on the Amendment, yes. That
Amendment passes on a 5-3 vote with Mayor Holman, Council Member Burt
and DuBois voting no and Council Member Kniss not participating.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-3 Burt, DuBois, Holman no, Kniss absent

Council Member Burt: I know it's late, but we can't get stuff wrong. Under
"b," it says limiting formula retail. My understanding was that the intention
was to do that on Cal. Ave., and it doesn't state that.

Mayor Holman: I had not identified on Cal. Ave. only.

Council Member Burt:     Your intention was not Cal. Ave. only on limiting
formula retail?

Mayor Holman: That's correct, because we don't know what percentage or
what kind or what defines formula retail yet.

Council Member Burt: Under the theme of incremental steps, I would say
limiting it on Cal. Ave. at this time would be a good solid step. We could
always consider expanding that later. If that's not acceptable as a friendly
Amendment, I'll offer it as an Amendment.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: In the interest of moving this along, I will accept it. That
also indicates that we'll have an Interim Ordinance coming forward, I hope.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part B, “on
California Avenue.”

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can clarify. There's no need to change
the Motion, but I wanted to clarify.        There was some discussion, an
agreement I think on the idea of using a conditional use permit as the way
to limit formula retail and potentially focusing the definition on eating and
drinking. We will march in that direction unless we hear otherwise.
                                                                       Page 98 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
