                             MINUTES
not to affect the children. Residents' home should be valued at their true
value.

Rosa Maria Garcia was at risk of being homeless based on the compensation
the owner was offering residents. Homes similar to hers ranged in price
from $180,000 to $250,000. She could not remain in Palo Alto because of
high rental rates. She requested the Council reject closure of the park or
demand the owner pay market rate for homes. She wanted her youngest
son to have the same opportunities as her older children had by graduating
from Palo Alto schools.

Hector Martinez did not want to leave Palo Alto schools or lose the
opportunities and good education offered by Palo Alto schools.

Junior Nicolas Martinez loved his home in the park and his school. If he
moved, he would not receive an education from Palo Alto schools and would
not see many of his friends.

Angel Martinez did not want to be homeless, because he would not see many
of his friends.

Nicolas Martinez advised that the main focus for his family was for his
children to remain in Palo Alto schools. They would have to begin their
studies anew at new schools. Buena Vista was an ideal place to raise
children.

Karen Camacho shared stories of the support offered by teachers in Palo Alto
schools. Because of the affordable housing in Buena Vista, her family
benefited from the excellent education offered by Palo Alto schools.

John Barton, Community Working Group Board President, asked how much
was it worth for Council Members to lose their homes and jobs, remove their
children from one of the best school districts in the nation, and leave their
family and friends. The community had a moral responsibility to move
beyond the strict requirements of the law and to do what was right.

Candace Gonzalez, Housing Trust Silicon Valley Board Member, reported the
average sale price of a single-family home in Palo Alto was more than $2.8
million in 2014. The average fair market rent of a three-bedroom apartment
in Palo Alto was more than $4,000 per month. Hundreds of families were on
waiting lists for affordable housing. Affordable housing was at a crisis level
in the community.

Paul George, Peninsula Peace and Justice Center Director, referred to the
Municipal Code regarding requirements for a relocation plan and comparable

04/13/2015                                                             117- 209
