                          TRANSCRIPT
that otherwise people wouldn't have had in delving much deeper. I thought
you brought a lot to the Commission. I'm sorry that you'll be leaving.

Mayor Holman:       I'd like to add my voice of appreciation for your
commitment.      Seven years is a long time to serve on any Board or
Commission. Your public services has been stellar. Really appreciate your
dedication. It's heavy lifting that UAC does, and it takes a lot of intellect and
a lot of energy to participate for such a long period of time. Really
appreciate your effort in that regard.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to adopt the Resolutions of Appreciation for John Melton and Asher
Waldfogel.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

3.    Community Partnership Presentation - Palo Alto Mediation Program.

Minka van der Zwaag, Manager Human Services: Good evening, Council
Members. My name is Minka van der Zwaag with the Office of Human
Services. It's my pleasure to introduce the volunteers and staff for the Palo
Alto Mediation Program (PAMP). This is a group that I work with a lot in
Human Services, as does the Human Relations Commission who hears
quarterly reports on the services that they provide. They're going to give a
little introduction to what they do. I invite Diane Maddis, their co-chair for
this year, to come up, and she'll invite the others of the group up as those
times come in the presentation. Diane, welcome.

Diane Maddis, Palo Alto Mediation Program Co-Chair: Thank you, Minka.
Good evening. As Minka said, I'm Diane Maddis. I'm the Co-Chair of the
Palo Alto Mediation Group. I'm here with some of my Co-Mediators as well
as Paul Hebert from Project Sentinel, our administrative arm. We usually
work with the Human Relations Commission, but our HRC Liaison Mehdi
Alhassani encouraged us to come to Council as there's a number of new
members on Council this year. He thought it would be a good opportunity to
introduce ourselves or reintroduce ourselves and to tell you about the
services we provide in the community. Currently PAMP has 22 volunteer
Mediators who all live or work in Palo Alto. We've been in existence since
1971 in different forms. While most of us were not there at the beginning,
many of the mediators have been with the organization for over ten years.
One of our mediators just this week, Karen Michael, was recognized by the
National Association for Community Mediation and was selected as the 2015
Fourth Quarter Outstanding Volunteer. We're really excited about that.
Mediation services are offered to people who live or work or own property in
Palo Alto. Many of our Mediators volunteer as facilitators in community
                                                                           Page 9 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
