                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid believed Stevenson House was an important element in
the City's dedication to low-income senior housing. The item allowed the
public to comment on the project. He looked forward to the Council
discussion on April 20, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

18.   City Council Direction Regarding:    (1) Parameters of an Interim
      Ordinance to Prohibit Conversion of Ground Floor Retail and Services
      to Other Uses, and (2) Subsequent Steps to Establish Zoning
      Regulations to Preserve and Promote Active Ground Floor Uses in the
      City's Commercial Areas.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
the issue was first raised on March 2, 2015 in the Council's discussion of
metering the pace of office development. The Council raised the concept of
an urgency ordinance to cease temporarily the conversion of retail space to
office use.    Staff sought Council direction regarding parameters of an
urgency ordinance and subsequent steps to examine and rectify zoning
provisions.      Data from the Congestion Management Plan (CMP)
demonstrated a net loss of approximately 70,000 square feet of retail from
2008 to 2015. Mr. Bob Moss provided data regarding retail space in the El
Camino Real Corridor since 1992. Mr. Moss' data indicated a 6 percent
decrease in retail use, a 3 percent decrease in automotive use, and an
increase of approximately 1 percent in restaurant use along the El Camino
Real Corridor. City Ordinances contained a number of ground-floor retail
protections. An urgency or interim ordinance was a short-term measure
intended to be effective while longer-term solutions were developed. It
required specific findings and a supermajority vote. It did not have to be
reviewed by the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC). It could be
effective for a period as short as 45 days, with an option to extend it. Staff
identified eight parameters on which they sought Council input. Staff sought
Council direction to create an urgency ordinance that would prohibit existing
retail uses in all commercial zones in the City from converting to office use
or other uses not defined as retail.       Staff suggested extending those
protections to eating and drinking uses, personal services, hotels, theaters,
and travel agencies. Staff sought Council input regarding the prohibition
applying to uses operating as of March 2, 2015 and for which no
discretionary application involving a change of use had been submitted.
Staff believed an urgency ordinance should establish an appeal to the
Council in cases of financial hardships or if an applicant showed the facility
was unsuited for successful retail use. An ordinance should state existing
retail services and other protected uses could be removed and replaced as
long as they were reduced only by the minimum of square footage necessary

04/06/2015                                                             117- 174
