                         TRANSCRIPT
and necessities like supermarkets. It would be kind of against the ethic of
sustainable development. Also, it would be directly harmful to the wetlands
that would be right in these people's front yards. Reasons to care about that
are, as we've seen—Louisiana is probably the prime example—healthy
wetlands can provide a buffer against a rising sea level. When you don't
have them, catastrophe can result.        Furthermore, we already use the
Baylands for recreation, exercise, contemplation, all these things that are
vital to the function of a City that prides itself on its intellectual life. Of
course, the biodiversity there is important in its own right. Even if you can't
be convinced that nature matters for its own sake, as we've said, the human
benefit of recreation and so forth would be harmed. I mean, the additional
development, I would see it as causing habitat loss. We'd create barriers
and isolating and weakening animal populations out there. Animals that
follow the people, the rats, mice, feral pets, dogs and cats, they'll eat the
eggs and young birds and destroy the ecological web that we need out there
to keep a strong ecology. The conclusion is pretty simple, I think. Increase
the density of development near the transportation corridors, but leave the
land to the east of the highway undeveloped. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our next speaker is Anne Hare, to be followed
by Stephen Levy.

Anne Hare: Thank you, Mayor, Council Members, everybody. I'm here as
the mother of a young adult with developmental disability and also some
substantial autism issues. He was born at Stanford Hospital in 1986. At
that time, there were approximately 3,000 individuals with substantial
autism. Today in the state of California, there are close to 70,000. This is a
truly burgeoning number, and I am here actually because I feel so strongly
about to every extent possible keeping this population in our community.
He's been an incredible gift to our family and, I think, to his peers. I was
very encouraged to see everyone here from special ed. It gives me an
opportunity to thank them for all that they did for him. He was lucky
enough to enter a lottery and is in a new development in Mountain View.
This is also LEED certified green housing, 26 units, studios. He lives with a
24/7 care support service person in that studio, but I'm so grateful to have
him as close by as he is. I know that, although we've housed those 26
individuals, there are more than 100, I believe, on the waiting list to get in
here. I want to live in a community where my son is included. It was really
great for me to hear from the other speakers about this multiunit housing
and such. I think it's an ideal way to include them and to really allow them
to interact with their community. To the extent possible, I'd like to continue
to include them within Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Stephen Levy to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.
                                                                        Page 43 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
