                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I would move the Staff recommendation on page
10 of the packet, which is evaluate applications subject to the annual limit.
It's packet page 912. Evaluate applications subject to the annual limit using
the following criteria: their intensity of use; their ability to avoid or address
potential impacts on traffic and parking; the quality of their design including
their attention to human scale where the buildings meet the street, their
compatibility with surroundings and their overall architectural quality; their
environmental quality; and the monetary or nonmonetary value of public
benefits offered.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Holman:      Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council
Member Kniss.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to evaluate applications subject to the annual limit using the following
criteria:

A.    Their intensity of use; and

B.    Their ability to avoid or address potential impacts on traffic and
      parking; and

C.    The quality of their design, including their attention to human scale
      where the building(s) meet the street, their compatibility with
      surroundings, and their overall architectural quality; and

D.    Their environmental quality; and

The monetary and/or non-monetary value of public benefits offered.Council
Member Scharff: I believe this is almost word for word of what was included
in our original motion when we talked about criteria.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that clarification. This is only the Staff
recommendation because it's what you asked us to put in here.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to say it was the Staff, but I wanted to
remind everyone this is what we unanimously voted on. We had a long
discussion about these different criteria the last time we dealt with this. I
supported them then, and I support them now.

Council Member Kniss: If you're looking at that page, let me ask Council
Member Scharff. I don't think as an alternative, but we could consider an
addition that says "our intent is to give priority to mixed use projects
providing sufficient housing such that job increases would not worsen the
                                                                         Page 78 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
