                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: Let me just add to what I was saying. We don't think it's an
issue. Julie has done a great job of reaching out. We've explained this time
period of roughly six months, and we just hadn't ...

Ms. Weiss: (inaudible)

Mr. Bobel: Almost six months. From the time reached out, even more so.
We just don't think it's an issue. If it was, we'd use our enforcement
discretion to give a little more time for particular contracts or particular
businesses.

Council Member Scharff: With the discretion of the Mayor, I'd actually like
to ask the restaurant association person a question. Do you mind coming up
to the microphone? You made some claims that there was some restaurants
or businesses in Palo Alto that had inventory issues or had contracts that
went on. Do you have particular businesses that have reached out to you in
Palo Alto or is this just a general concern that happens in other cities?

Ms. Lynam: Jessica Lynam with the California Restaurant Association.
Thank you, Council Member. Yes, I have had some of my members—I
cannot give you their name per our association policy—but yes. To the point
it wasn't this ordinance won't affect restaurants. That's what was alluded to
me in a meeting with Staff.        Yet, the new language is expansive to
restaurants, which is why I'm here tonight. Thank you.

Ms. Weiss: I don't recall us meeting. I recall perhaps having a conversation
over the phone. This does already apply to restaurants and has for four or
five years now. As far as phasing out the use of it, when I asked at least the
new stores that would be part of our ordinance, which include Walgreens
and CVS, the answer was if you can give us a month or two, that'd be great.
We're giving them longer than that.

Council Member Scharff:     I'd like to then just move the modified Staff
recommendation.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to support the proposed Ordinance amending Palo Alto Municipal
Code Chapter 5.30, “Plastic Foam and Non-recyclable Food Service Container
and Packing Items”, and direct Staff to return to Council on the Consent
Calendar as soon as practical for adoption of the Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your Motion?


                                                                           Page 60 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
