                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, speak to your second.

Council Member Filseth: I agree with the intent of that. I'd like to see it in
writing before we ...

Mayor Holman: I think it is in writing in front of you.

Council Member Filseth: We have the exact language with the (crosstalk)

Mayor Holman:     This is Council Member DuBois' amendment verbatim in
front of you.

Council Member Filseth: I accept that.

 Mayor Holman: I have a friendly amendment—I shouldn't say that. I have
an amendment to offer. On the next to last line, "neighborhoods are
protected from," delete the word "increased" because there is going to be
traffic and there may be some increase. It doesn't have a particular impact.
I would suggest—let me rethink that. Council Member Wolbach, you had
your light on. Council Member Wolbach, you had a comment.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually there was something that I wasn't sure
exactly how to phrase it or whether it should be listed in the Vision
Statement or the goals or in direction to CAC to work on policies and
programs. I'm just going to share that with you guys. Let me know if you
think it could be incorporated into this as maybe a friendly amendment or it
should be separate. That would be to "promote business development and
business community partnerships to significantly mitigate impacts of job
growth, including but not limited to traffic, parking and housing demand."

Mayor Holman: Are you offering that as an amendment to the amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: I guess for now I'm offering it as food for thought
and thoughts on whether we should incorporate that into this amendment or
as a separate one, in addition or instead of.

Council Member DuBois: We're being a little loose because there's five of
us. I would suggest you maybe think about that under the compatibility
goal.

Council Member Filseth: Which goal is that?

Council Member DuBois: That's B-1.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll hold my amendment for now.

                                                                        Page 68 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
