                            MINUTES
Richard Brand, Citizens Advisory Committee Member, urged the Council to
support the Agenda Item. The City should control FTTP rather than turn it
over to a third party. The City had the expertise and a bid to proceed with
FTTP and wireless.

Bob Moss recalled a 1997-1998 cost estimate for supplying FTTP. He
estimated the current cost would be $15-$16 million. FTTP would provide
faster service, allow people to work from home and to communicate more
effectively and efficiently. FTTP could be operated as part of the Utilities
Department.

Herb Borock questioned the product to be made available in May. The
Council should find a way to obtain the type of network it wanted. The City
either had or could raise funds to pay for a Citywide FTTP network.

Mike Francois advised that San Francisco was installing fiber. Copper was
faster to repair than fiber; however, fiber could carry much more traffic.

Council Member Filseth believed that fiber infrastructure was a natural
monopoly and a public good. Probably the City should own the fiber. He
requested Staff discuss the potential for technology to change before the
City could pay for building a fiber network.

Mr. Fleming agreed that timing was the critical question. The primary
question was whether the City's network would be competitive with
Comcast, AT&T and other providers in the market. There were different
models to build networks. The retail and wholesale models were fraught
with problems. One of the key objectives of the study was to determine the
best way to approach a community broadband project. The study would
identify advantages and disadvantages of each model. The ability to take a
significant market share from Comcast or AT&T was risky.

Council Member Filseth asked if there was any chance of the City having to
replace the network in the next 15 years.

Mr. Fleming subscribed to the characterization of fiber as future proof.   It
was the optimum technology.

Council Member Filseth asked if Mr. Fleming felt the biggest risk was the
business model.

Mr. Fleming answered yes.




02/02/2015                                                           116- 440
