                              MINUTES
Council Member Kniss asked if the County of Santa Clara (County) would
fund City improvements in the County's jurisdiction.

Mr. Rodriguez commented that the County was easy to work with.

Council Member Burt recalled Mr. Rodriguez's comment that Staff needed to
engage the community regarding time-of-day restrictions in the Churchill
Avenue Project. He inquired whether the City could reduce the width of a
parking strip as an alternative to a time-of-day restriction on parking.

Mr. Rodriguez reported that was a policy decision.

Council Member Burt encouraged Staff to consider that as an alternative for
the north side of Churchill Avenue as the bike lane was narrow. During the
commute hour along Churchill Avenue, vehicles often pulled into and blocked
the bike lane to receive traffic citations. That was a dangerous situation for
bicyclists. He suggested moving curbs back to create bike lanes. He
inquired about the importance of greenback sharrows versus white sharrows
on Maybell Avenue and whether that issue would be part of community
outreach.

Mr. Rodriguez was not recommending greenback sharrows.

Council Member Burt found strategic signage to be valuable. Signage
proliferation was bordering on pollution. Overall the projects were exciting.

Penny Ellson suggested sharrows be placed along Maybell Avenue from
Thain Way to Donald Drive. The shared-use path also needed sharrows in
both directions. Student cyclists exiting the Palo Alto High School driveway
turned left onto the existing multiuse trail which placed them on the wrong
side of the road at the Alma Street intersection. She liked the Castilleja
Avenue intersection striping as it would encourage bicyclists to properly exit
the driveway.

Robert Neff remarked that the proposed treatments on Churchill Avenue
were appropriate for bicyclists leaving Palo Alto High School. The City
should work with PAUSD to redesign the driveway. The proposal was a
better way for bicyclists to move along El Camino Way towards Gunn High
School.

Bob Moss believed adding a bike lane or sharrows to El Camino Way would
make it difficult to share the street with vehicles. Vehicles would find it
difficult to pass bicyclists with the requisite 3 feet of clearance along Maybell
Avenue. He suggested Staff conduct traffic counts of bikes, pedestrians, and



01/20/2015                                                               216- 347
