                          TRANSCRIPT
surrounding community if the break room did become office. I'm going to
recommend that you require the building to actually be fully parked, not fully
parked but we call it fully parked that you've heard. They would need 98
spaces, not 92 spaces. Also, I was looking at the building today, and the
parking lot was rather full even though much of the building is vacant right
now. This notion that these parking lots aren't going to be used because
there's transit nearby and everybody bikes now and walks, it doesn't seem
to be working right now for the building. I don't think you can rely upon
that in the future either. Thanks very much.

Judith Fields: Good evening. My name is Judith Fields, and I have lived in
Palo Alto Central since the beginning, some 20-something years. I do not
dispute the right of the developer to develop his property, but I do dispute
his right to get the maximum valuation on the proposed building at harm to
the neighbors. I'm big on safety, and right now we have a very unsafe
intersection. First, you sit up real tall because you want to be as tall as you
can, and you inch out into the street. You have no sight lines neither to the
right nor to the left. Seeing vehicles is hard, but seeing bicycles is almost
impossible. You inch out into the street, and by the time you get out far
enough, you've already been through the bike lane. It's a bad intersection.
It was there before the proposed project, but it's going to be worse once we
have additional traffic.     Someone mentioned there's no traffic calming
devices. The potential of all these extra people coming and going, making
right and left turns with no guidance is going to be pretty hard. I suggest
further study on Park, because right now it's neither safe for pedestrians,
bicycles or vehicles. I noticed on the plan tonight that there's a bulb in front
of the proposed building. That should certainly help with sight lines. The
entrance on Grant is the source of many issues from parking and congestion.
I request that this project not be approved unless the parking on Park, that
that be an entrance. Right now there is no community benefit for the
neighborhood. Please do not approve this project as designed. Thank you
much.

Ms. Young: Thank you, Council Members. As many of the speakers tonight
have mentioned, no one's disputing the property owner's right to develop
the project. There are some specific things that they have challenged. We
have people here who can answer questions that you might have around
that. The biggest issue that I'm hearing is resistance to change. It's true.
The community members who live in the vicinity have had an existing
condition for a number of years. They may not share the same vision for
the development of the area that the Comprehensive Plan does or that other
parts of the community do. We have been working in good faith with both
the City and—you may not feel like it—we have had a number of
conversations with Peter, with Jared, with Terry, with Judith on different
                                                                         Page 64 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
