                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Can I just ask? I don't disagree with you. I'm just
trying to think through the unintended consequences on the fly. That's what
makes me nervous. I know, for instance, that there's daycare centers in
residential neighborhoods. I've actually dropped my kids off when they were
really young. I remember that. I know there's a couple of residential
houses that do it. We need to exclude those. How can you tell people they
can't turn their house back to a house, if they've been using it as a daycare?
Or that they can then put another retail use there? An automotive service
use.

Mayor Holman: They wouldn't be able to do that, because the zoning
wouldn't allow it.

Ms. Gitelman: We're checking, but it sounds like there's a distinction
between family daycare, a small operation in a house, and a daycare center,
which would be in a commercial district. We're checking.

Council Member Scharff: Then I might not have an issue.

Council Member Berman: I just want to say I might support this, pretty
much solely because I know how big a problem it is for daycare in the
community and the fact that we're losing this. I'm getting very nervous that
this is going to lead to a floodgate of other things that I'm not going to
support. This is meant to be a retail protection Ordinance in discussion. We
just need not to allow ourselves to open up the floodgate to all sorts of other
uses.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman. Apropos of the earlier comment, I think the
Council means to say daycare center, which is the definition in the Code that
would apply in commercial districts.

Mayor Holman: The language in the Staff Report is daycare facilities. You
want daycare center.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT FO THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment, “facilities” with
“centers.”
Council Member Wolbach: Something I asked about earlier and just want
clarification because of something Greg Scharff just said. If somebody turns
their house into a daycare facility, would they then be able to convert it back
to being a house? They would not be converting it to office space. The
original point of all of this was to prevent conversions of retails and services,
etc., to offices. I just wanted clarity about that before I vote in favor of this.


                                                                            Page 46 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
