                              MINUTES
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:06 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Filseth, Holman, Kniss arrived at 7:14 P.M.,
             Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:      DuBois

Study Session

1.    Cost of Services Update and Draft User Fee Cost Recovery Level Policy
      Discussion.

Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director, reported Staff
began working with the Finance Committee in 2013 on a Cost of Services
Study.     The Study was comprised of two components:                identifying
alternative service delivery options for City-provided services and charging
fees to recover the costs for providing services. Staff continued to review
various services and, where appropriate, provided recommendations for
alternative service delivery models. During the past few years, the City had
outsourced parks maintenance, golf course maintenance, custodial services,
and street sweeping services. Due to fluctuating workloads, the City had
employed hybrid models to address the timely provision of services. Staff
had not systematically analyzed all services provided to the public;
therefore, as part of the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Proposed Budget, Staff would
request funds for consultant services to assist with the effort. One outcome
of the Study was identification of potential public-private partnerships and
outsourcing opportunities. Annually, the City Council approved charges for
services and fees when it adopted the Municipal Fee Schedule as part of the
Budget. Currently, the City was recovering some portion of fee-related
services. To ensure a balanced revenue portfolio, Staff sought Council input
regarding appropriate cost recovery levels. The Staff Report provided the
cost recovery level for fee groups, except most Development Services fees
and Planning and Community Environment fees. The Planning Department
had engaged a consultant to study department fees and hoped to conclude
the study within the fiscal year. For fees studied, the cost recovery level
varied quite a bit. The draft policy sought to ensure consistent recovery of
costs for similar fees and the level of cost recovery for fee-related activities.
Community versus private benefit primarily addressed inspection fees and
permits that protected the property owner and the community. Service
recipients versus community benefit addressed regulatory permits.
Consistency with City goals and policies provided direction to Staff to reduce
fees. Elasticity of demand for services allowed Staff to increase or decrease
fees based on demand. Availability of services from the private sector


04/06/2015                                                               117- 159
