                         TRANSCRIPT
I've been to seminars at Stanford. I've been to the Longevity Institute. I
know they have these wonderful design seminars, and I think last year the
design winner invented a spoon that somebody can use so their hand will
not tremble when they eat.      I think we're only limited really by our
imagination in this area. We have incredible resources. We need to partner
up. There are ways to take care of these problems. We can do all of this.
We can have group housing. We can have units. We just have to visualize
what it is we want and how we want to live together to move forward.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Andrew Brackenberry to be followed
by, it looks like Marcello Golfieri.

Andrew Brackenberry: Hello. Let' see. I want to thank you for allowing us
to speak tonight. I'm a member of the community only by the grace of my
parents, who still live in Palo Alto. I am staying with them. It's the only
way I can afford to actually live here. I work in Palo Alto actually; I make a
decent salary. I guess I maybe mistakenly thought as a kid it would be a
goal to be able to live in my hometown. That's just not possible; and I've
come to accept that. My parents will probably be leaving the community in
the not too distant future. I graduated from Paly in '95, so I grew up in this
City in the '80s and '90s. I'd say it was pretty pleasant. It was a time when
neighbors would talk to each other. People would greet each other in the
streets, talk for a few minutes. Kids would play basketball, throw the
football back and forth. I hardly see that at all anymore. People obeyed the
traffic signals; they stopped at stop signs. I don't really see that happening
too much anymore. Let's see. Houses did not sit empty at the time.
Houses usually had parents and children in them.              In my parents'
community, there were actually a number of houses that only had high
school children living in them, which was mind-blowing to me. I don't quite
know how that happens. Anyhow, I'm close with ten friends of mine, all
graduated from Palo Alto High School. Everyone of us went to a great
college, great graduate schools. Not one of the ten of us can live in this
City. I don't even know if they would want to, those of them with kids, just
because of the situation with the schools as well. When I was growing up
here, we didn't have crossing guards or guards, I should say, at the train
tracks all along Alma. That was not necessary at all. I guess—yeah, I'm
disappointed, I should say. I think the City has changed a lot. I don't even
really recognize it that much anymore. I probably won't be able to live here,
but I just thought I'd come and share what I see happening. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.        The next speaker is Marcello Golfieri,
followed by William McCray.


                                                                       Page 44 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
