                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Can I look to Staff on this just for a moment please? This
might be helpful. If it comes to us as an information report though, but
we're going to revisit the goals, shouldn't it all come to us as an action item
together? I'm looking to Staff for some guidance on that.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I was thinking. (crosstalk)

Mr. Reichental: Could you ask it one more time?         I'm not sure I could
understand that.

Mayor Holman: Pardon me, Jonathan?

Mr. Reichental:   Could you ask it one more time?        I don't know that I
understood it.

Mayor Holman: There's more information that needs to be or that Council
Members are asking for. The question was how it should come to Council.
It seemed to me that—trying to get us all on the same page here—it seemed
to me that it should come to the Council as part of an action item that would
include "A" in the motion.      When this comes back in February—City
Attorney?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: City Attorney Molly Stump. Thank you, Mayor
Holman. There's no specific requirement that the Council receive or accept a
consultant's report of this type. They're frequently created and provided to
the City Manager. It probably does make sense, if you're looking for
additional information, to have it come back to Council if Council wants to
revisit goals and maybe receive some input as to what's happened in the
latter part of the year, in the fourth quarter, and take a look at a broad set
of issues. It probably does make sense for it to come back at that time. I
would also note this is a small point, but it would be very unusual. I think
the Council perhaps might want to adjust the language a little bit. With
respect to a Citizen Advisory Committee, the Council doesn't typically
delegate final acceptance, authority to a group like that. I think what's
really intended by the motion is to have a group of citizens commenting on
the revision, but to have the City Manager advising the Council and the
Council to make a final decision on accepting the report.

Mayor Holman: Going back to your potential amendment, Council Member
Scharff. Would you care to provide language for Council Member DuBois?



                                                                        Page 52 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
