                          TRANSCRIPT

which is really a bit of a counterweight to San Jose tonight. You will have
time, and I'm sure we'll be having ongoing discussions with the Council in
September, October, November or whatever, as the move towards a tax
measure is put forward. While you may get into those discussions tonight, I
don't think you have to feel you've got to arrive at those, particularly if we're
dealing with clock management. You'll have other opportunities for that.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: There was a little bit of discussion about the third part of
the recommendation could possibly be moved forward, if need be, if the first
two take a long time.

Shannon McEntee: It didn't occur to me to wear a costume. Maybe next
time. Mayor Holman and Council Members, I want to start by just saying
thank you for the many ways you serve the City. You are civic heroes. I'm
here today to urge you to help preserve the quality of life in Palo Alto. How
can you help preserve the quality of life in Palo Alto? I'm going to ask you to
consider some bold, brave ways that you can do that. It'll probably mean
taking some heat, but I hope you have your ears open. I know that change
is really hard. First, I want to urge you to embrace the Bus Rapid Transit.
None of our traffic, parking, noise and pollution issues are going away until
we introduce major changes, and they're going to be hard. BRT is one such
major change. Controversial, yes. Where it's been adopted in other cities, it
has worked magic. Many residents can only imagine disastrous results. Will
it be hard at first? Probably. We have to start somewhere and get people
out of their cars. Just like getting rid of plastic bags and charging for paper
bags, many people complained, but they adjusted once the changes were in
place. When buses are fast, reliable, frequent and comfortable, you can bet
that people will love them. I'd love to hop on the BRT and go to Castro
Street to see TheatreWorks or go to San Jose for dinner or a museum. My
only option now is to drive, and that's pathetic. Caltrain, I would love to
take Caltrain or a BRT all the way to San Francisco, but at night the train
only goes once every hour, and the last train out of the city is around
midnight. That makes getting home late at night really too tricky. I drive
for 30-plus minutes to Millbrae and park there. We need to have frequent
Caltrain service and both earlier and later every day, and not just for me but
also for our workers.       Such improvements would serve workers and
residents who want to travel the corridor rapidly. Airport service. We used
to have the 7F bus, later rebranded to be the KX line. While it took a little
more time than driving, it was cheap and it worked just fine stopping at
every terminal at the airport. Then San Mateo dropped it in January 2014.
Palo Alto needs to get regular transportation organized for the airports, on
                                                                         Page 52 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
