                         TRANSCRIPT
I brought extra copies of anyone needs them—as well as on the screen is 68
percent support, 27 percent opposition, 5 percent no opinion. It's the view
of the Leadership Group—if I can freeze frame for a moment here—if we're
going to collectively do anything together in November 2016, let's go big or
not do anything. If you like acronyms as much as I do, BIG, "B" is for bold
and that's a 30-year 1/2 cent funding measure.            The "I" is for both
intermodal and inclusive.         There isn't one type of transportation
improvement that is going to be comprehensive for the diverse valley and
land use patterns we have. Intermodal means yes, great improvements on
Caltrain, finishing BART, having bus improvements for low income, seniors
and disabled, working on all eight county expressways, key highway
interchanges that impact north county and your job centers to a great
degree as well as street maintenance/pothole repair.             A system of
improvements to meet these system-wide needs. "G," geographic balance.
We need traffic relief throughout the county, not one portion of the county.
Whenever we test a ballot measure, we test the component parts. My mom
used to tell me that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. If any
component part of a measure tests under the threshold of two-thirds in a
democracy, that tells you that hardworking private citizens voting with their
wallets aren't going to reach into those wallets if there is a weak link in the
chain. The good news on this slide and the next slide is that nothing in that
package is under that two-thirds threshold. The most important/popular
with residents, whose tax dollars these are, always is street maintenance
and pothole repair. I know I'm not telling you anything you don't hear
directly from your citizens, but it's always nice to see it in more than
anecdotal information. The second page. As you can see, when your
weakest link is 73 percent favorable, it's a good list. Our pollster, Jim
Moore, always asks this key question which is the affordability question.
Can you even afford to increase your taxes? In this strong economy, this
number has been consistent; 73 percent feel they could afford a 1/2 cent
sales tax increase for these transportation improvements. What's nice is
there's very little leakage too. 68 percent would vote for this package out of
the 73 percent that could afford it. We only lose 5 percent between
affordability and yes, that investment. $35,000 later, that is the May 23-31
survey. Mayor and Council, you were so gracious to invite me out on a
Tuesday night. I'm honored to be here again and happy to answer any
questions that you might have.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, I have three members of the public who'd
care to speak to this item. Would you care to hear from them now? Okay.
We have five. You'll have three minutes each. Our first speaker is
Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Richard Brand.


                                                                        Page 67 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
