                          TRASNCRIPT
$30,000 on the fencing, it's no longer a safety issue. It struck me that the
issue is simply do we want to spend $51,000 and open this up to the public
and use it, see it, know it's there, have a sense that they've gotten some
benefit out of the 7.7 acres or is it not worth spending the $51,000 because
we're going to probably do something different. The first question is, if we
spend the $51,000, is it likely that any of that fencing would be reused by
the time five years from now or six years or ten years we get to deciding
what to do.

Mr. de Geus: It's possible. Without having the study done and knowing
what impacts it's going to have in terms of options on the site, it's hard to
say. I think some of the perimeter fencing would remain. It depends what
we do with the future of Acterra. It's unknown, Council Member Scharff.
Your bigger question is why don't we recommend opening it. My view is it
isn't a good use of funds. We've got 1,400 acres at Foothills Park, and we've
got 15 miles of trails, a great lake and picnic areas and camping spaces.
This 7.7 acres and opening it up without a real plan for that location with a
simple ...

Council Member Scharff: You seem to have a plan. The plan is to have a
loop trail with two benches, so the public can go use it.

Mr. de Geus: That's very minimal.

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, it's very minimal. I agree. I wouldn't say
you don't have a plan.

Mr. de Geus: It's a short-term plan, and I don't think it adds much value to
the park. If we were to plan a park, that's not how we would do it. We
wouldn't put in a loop trail like that and simply slap it together.

Council Member Scharff: Do you think there's any value to the public being
able to actually have access while people think about what they want the
site to do? I mean, it's one thing to think about it in abstract. It's another
thing, as we discuss it for five to ten years, to be able to walk through it and
see it. Do you think there's any value to that?

Mr. de Geus: That's a good question. I think there's probably some value in
that if we can do it safely and if it's for that reason. Maybe that can be done
differently, though, with tours at certain times to get access to it, if that's
the purpose to think about future use of the park as opposed to just it being
open and having people wander around 24/7.

Council Member Burt: I support the Staff recommendation. I do think that
once we have the hydrology study, that's the appropriate time to look at
                                                                         Page 52 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
