                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Holman:       Seeing no hands, all those in favor.  That passes
unanimously with seven of us present. Council Members Berman and Burt
not present. We'll be going into Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Burt absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:03 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:17 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Council Members and members of the public, we have
returned from Closed Session. There is no reportable action.

Special Orders of the Day
2.   Recognition and Acknowledgement of Palo Alto Firefighters for Their
     Response to Numerous Wildland Fires in California During the 2015
     Fire Season.

Mayor Holman: Our second item on the agenda this evening is Recognition
and acknowledgement of Palo Alto firefighters for their response to
numerous wildland fires in California during the 2015 fire season. Chief
Nickel, you have some comments to make.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: I do. Good evening. Eric Nickel, Fire Chief. I have
some brief comments, because I think this is the most Fire Department
heavy agenda that I've seen in years. I'll be here all night, just like you. I
would like to start on a note of thanks, and thanking the Council for taking
time out of your very busy agenda to acknowledge the work of the men and
women of the Palo Alto Fire Department. Today is an especially important
day. Today is the 24th anniversary of the Oakland Hills fire. If you recall
back in 1991, at this time of the evening several thousand homes had
already burned, and several thousand firefighters were up on the front lines.
Thankfully this season has not been that kind of structural loss, but this has
been a very big, very dangerous wildland fire season. Again, thank you so
much for taking time out to acknowledge our fire fighters. I would like to
turn it over to our operations chief, Deputy Chief Catherine Capriles who will
introduce the individual crews and the fires that they were assigned to.

Catherine Capriles, Deputy Fire Chief:      Good evening.     Deputy Chief
Catherine Capriles. Mayor, Council. This summer has been extremely busy
with fires burning up and down the state. They've ranged from smaller fires
of less than 1,000 acres to as large as 76,000 acres. As a part of the State
                                                                         Page 2 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
