                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt inquired whether automated services was included in
that number.

Ms. Bolger replied no.

Council Member Burt felt it would be good to track the economic benefit to
both the City and the consumer as well as trend elements. He inquired
whether the environmental benefits of shrinking data centers referred to
both the transition to cloud use and more efficient centers.

Mr. Reichental answered yes.

Council Member Burt was pleased to see an organization take a new
direction and move with it.

Vice Mayor Schmid noticed that the Council received substantial input from a
greater variety of people on every issue. Interactions between the public
and the Council were increasingly detailed and thoughtful.

Council Member Wolbach noted the current Three-Year IT Strategy would
expire in June 2015, and inquired about the process to ensure the next
strategy was in place before then.

Mr. Keene expressed no concern with respect to IT Staff completing the next
three-year strategy.

Mr. Reichental explained that future goals were not determined at the
current time; however, IT Staff would continue some initiatives because they
were not finished. Other areas discovered in the past 2 1/2 years would be
slated for work.

Council Member Wolbach encouraged Staff to consider whether it was best
to have many applications or to unify applications.         He had received
comments and requests for a one-stop shop for information. He hoped City
management Staff would consider making relevant documents and
presentations for public meetings available for the public.

Mr. Keene recalled the City's dismal situation when he joined the City in
2008. The Development Services Center's vendor for applications stated the
City was far above its other clients in receptivity to innovation. The City had
received two other recognitions in the past month.

Council Member Berman believed IT improvements allowed Staff to provide
higher quality service to residents more efficiently and quickly.


                                                                          Page 4 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
