                         TRANSCRIPT
E.   Resolution Adopting a Refuse Rate Increase of 9.0 Percent and
     Amending Utility Rate Schedule R-1; and

F.   Resolution Amending Salary Schedules for the Management,
     Professional, and Confidential Unit, the Utilities Managers of Palo Alto
     Professional Association, and the Service Employees International
     Union:

     1.    Amended Salary Schedule for the Management, Professional,
           and Confidential Unit; and

     2.    Amended Salary Schedule for the Utilities Managers of Palo Alto
           Professional Association; and

     3.    Amended Salary Schedule          for   the   Service     Employees
           International Union; and

G.   Refer to the Finance Committee a discussion of changes to the Public
     Art Ordinance to simplify the calculation of the Public Art Fee and a
     discussion of usage and replacement of pool vehicles.

Mayor Holman: We can vote on that, and then we can amend it as we go
along. That passes unanimously with Council Member Filseth absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Mr. Rossmann: Mayor Holman, may I speak to one issue regarding the
AEDs, which we forgot to mention before? The proposal by the community
group brought forward proposes to add AEDs into utility trucks. We may
have to work with our employee groups to see whether there's any issues
regarding them being required to deploy AEDs when they get a call.

Mayor Holman: I think we understand that.

Mr. Keene: You understand this, yeah.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to make a Motion to direct Staff and the
Finance Committee to come back to Council in six months with an update on
the Animal Shelter to evaluate progress to determine if additional
alternatives are required.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to direct Staff and the Finance Committee to return in six months
with an update on the Animal Shelter.

Council Member Scharff: I'll accept that.
                                                                         Page 72 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
