                         TRANSCRIPT
is we've always honored our commitments to the public. It seems to me
that we're moving forward on all of these to do that here. I think that's
really important. It's important that we do all of these and we get them
done. I recognize that there are some challenges. My recollection of the
Infrastructure Committee is a little different. It wasn't that we didn't sit
around and say there's going to be no price escalation. In fact, I recall
asking that question directly at the time. What I heard is that TOT revenue
and other revenues to the City are likely to increase at roughly the same
pace as construction costs. We will get more—yes, costs will go up, but we'll
also get more revenue, and it'll probably all work out at the time. In fact,
we had an argument about this with the Council, frankly, and in
Infrastructure Committee. I said, "I'd like to see more of a cushion there, so
I want a 15 percent TOT tax." We finally settled on a 14 percent TOT tax. I
just wanted the Council to realize that this wasn't a discussion where we said
we don't recognize that costs are going up. People were very cognizant of
that fact. There was a Council decision to go with a 14 percent TOT rather
than a 15 percent TOT. That would have been that 15-20 percent cushion
we talked about. We did talk about how there would be more revenue, and
that we would use that more revenue to offset escalating costs. That was
sort of the thought there. We also talked about obviously that new hotels
would go towards funding this. There was some thought at the time we
weren't going to put it in there, that Ming's would come online, but that went
away. We are getting the Clement Hotel. I was a little unclear on Lalo's
point. I always assumed that the money from the Clement Hotel goes
toward the Infrastructure Plan. Are you telling me no?

Mr. Perez: You're correct.

Council Member Scharff: I am correct.

Mr. Perez: To you point about Ming's, that is now slated to be an ...

Council Member Scharff: An auto dealer.

Mr. Perez: Correct.

Council Member Scharff: Hopefully we'll get some money from the auto
dealer which will increase the City's sales tax.

Mr. Perez: That's something that you could give us direction on too, if you
want that dedicated to infrastructure or whatever purpose you want to.

Council Member Scharff: Frankly, for instance, if that San Antonio hotel was
to move forward, they're estimating $3.6 million. That would give you, at
$14 million, another $40 million roughly.
                                                                        Page 18 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
