                          TRANSCRIPT
the year. Maybe that would be unacceptable, and that's the limit, and then
give the architects the flexibility to meet your limit. If you'd like, if you have
a concrete suggestion that you want to make, maybe you can step back the
upper levels. If that's what's causing the problem, the third level, then
maybe you could say a 10-foot further step back on just the third level.
Maybe that would solve the bulk of the problem. I would like you guys to
define the limit, is what I’m asking. I'd like to move on from this shading
issue to parking.      The applicant has proposed two different parking
alternatives. The first one is fully parked according to—I don't know exactly
what the square footage per employee is, but it's an outdated estimate from
what I've heard. You guys would know this better than I would, but I think
it should be considered. These are the parking stalls at the entrance. We
have a concern that at the entrance and exit there's not very much room for
a car to come in. If one car is waiting for this spot, first of all they're not
going to be able to be next to this wall, because they're not going to be able
to make this greater-than-90-degree turn to fit into this parking space with
these walls and cases around it. They're going to have to be way out here
toward the middle in order to make this. They're going to be blocking both
lanes for one to two minutes, which is what's estimated to park in each of
these stalls. There's been a concern from the community that there's going
to be a queuing effect when somebody is trying to park near this entryway.
Cars will be queuing on Grant Avenue. If there's just two cars waiting here,
then soon cars will be backing up onto Park. There was a study done, and I
believe the traffic analyst is here tonight that did the study. The conclusion
of the study was that this is a remote possibility. It's not likely to occur.
There were some significant problems with the study. First of all, they used
the incorrect number of arrivals during the peak morning hour of traffic. The
study used this number, which is the net new vehicle trips compared to the
existing building. The total number of arrivals during the a.m. peak hour is
projected to be 55, which is much larger and will result in many more cars
arriving close together. The queuing problem will be much worse with that
higher number. Secondly, anybody who lives or spends any time in this
area knows that cars come into the area in waves off of Oregon Expressway
or El Camino, because of the lights that are nearby. I went out one morning
just for kicks, observed for an hour cars coming specifically into the
Courthouse, which is right across the street. There were 39 arrivals during
this period. I have a histogram showing what would be expected with
random arrivals. This larger number is what I actually observed. There are
many more cars coming at very short intervals, in less than a minute. I
wanted you to know that some of the assumptions made for this study were
incorrect. If we're going to go with this first parking option, we need to have
this resolved. I would recommend the second parking option which is
reduced, but then we have spill out onto the area streets which again is
unacceptable for the residents and businesses nearby. In conclusion, we do
                                                                          Page 53 of 103
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/1/15
