                          TRANSCRIPT
counsel in understanding where we are on this. I was struck by Council
Member Wolbach's comment that, I'm not ready to shut down our Gas Utility
but I might get there. I hope I didn't misquote you; that's what I roughly
heard you say. There's a big transition between where we are now and—as
we move away from natural gas if we go in that direction—if we're 20
percent above PG&E, 30 percent, are people going to start saying, "We want
gas. We want to disband the Palo Alto Gas Utility and go with PG&E." Right
now it's very aspirational, very half-baked unless what we're talking about is
on the margins moving people very slowly towards changing their heaters
for electric ones, efficient ones. If that's what we're talking about, that's
great. If we're talking about something more radical, we haven't thought
this through yet. Not to mention that we might be able to get there and
think it through, but right now we're being very aspirational. These are
serious and extremely complex and difficult issues. I'm really glad we have
the UAC to vet these for us.

Council Member Burt: Since that's such an important topic and we've gone
a little deeper on that, I don't view it as either aspirational nor an immediate
aggressive plan. It's neither. We're beginning a deliberate process. We're
at the early stages of a deliberate process. At that front end, the transition
will be slow, and that's probably a good thing because at that frontend we
don't yet have the visibility toward solving all of those critical and
complicated elements to it. Just because we don't have those solutions in
sight doesn't mean that they aren't going to be emerging as we move this
ball forward. Just five years ago, conventional wisdom was that we were
going to have a very hard time getting to 33 percent renewables, because of
all the trend lines on renewable costs going up. We've seen the technology
changes. We have nations like Germany that are ahead of the curve on
renewable adoption from where we are, and they're pushing the envelope
right now on smart grid systems, on storage and on distributed generation
as being real fundamental legs of being able to move further in that
direction. We will doubtless identify even more barriers as we get further
along. I've become less conservative over time in thinking that we have to
have identified our solutions before we start moving down a path. The
changes in technology in this arena have been so radical and are on the
horizon going to address these problems. We may be somewhat at the
forefront of this. I think we will help identify and solve those problems. I'm
not supportive of capricious actions that are, therefore, bragging rights, but
I am supportive of an aggressive program that will push us into being
leaders on solving those remaining problems.

Chair Foster: Council Members, thank you very much for all your feedback.
It really has been very, very helpful. I think it's going to provide excellent
guidance for us in the year ahead. Let me just make a couple of comments

04/20/2015                                                              117- 281
