                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It does extend, like, halfway down the block on the
side streets towards Sherman?

Mr. Lait: Sherman or Cambridge?

Council Member DuBois: The other direction, Sherman.

Mr. Lait: Looks like it goes back a depth or two parcels.

Council Member DuBois: I think I brought it up before. If any of my
colleagues are interested, I'm wondering if we should make all of Birch, Ash
and El Camino part of the district out to Sherman. It kind of depends on
what we do with PF zones as well because I think those are parking lots,
except for when you get down to—I mean if this is north/south—south of
Ash Street. Quick question for legal, maybe you Jonathan. On Section 6,
there's a clause about intentional destruction or demolition. I just wondered
why that word intentional was there. I mean, it doesn't happen. If there
was an earthquake, what would happen? Could they rebuild as is?

Mr. Lait: Our Code has some provisions about, I think, acts of God or
something like that, which is distinguished from an intentional demolition.

Council Member DuBois: They could rebuild the existing footprint. If they
expand the envelope, it would fall under this ordinance?

Mr. Lait: Yeah.

Council Member DuBois: One of the speakers was talking about Cambridge
and saying that organic retail will not grow there. I think that's kind of the
point of this ordinance. It's not organic; it's mandating. I don't know how
else you would do it. It seems like that'd be the only way to have it change.
Last comment is I am concerned about whether we should exclude these
zones or not, particularly the PTOD. From what I've heard so far, I'm not
convinced that we should exclude it. I'm curious what everybody else
thinks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: The more I hear this conversation continue, the
more concerned I get about this expansion onto Cambridge Avenue and
what the practical impacts are and how this is going to play. Let me just
make sure I understand this correctly.      Due to our current parking
requirements, it's pretty much—I mean it's practically impossible for any
restaurant use or any sit-down food establishment to set up shop on


                                                                       Page 56 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
