                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:       Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to replace in the Motion, “exploring the option of excluding
tipped employees” with “potential exemptions to the Ordinance.”

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, do you care to speak any further
to your amendment?

Council Member Berman: Yeah. As Council Member Wolbach, Council
Member DuBois and I have mentioned, we have heard from other elements
of the community, maybe not right before the second reading of something
we already passed unanimously, but we did at Policy and Services and I
think we did at Council. That's why we made the deliberate motion that we
did initially, because we were recognizing that there might be some
industries including tipped employees and others, people who work in re-
entry programs, who get out of prison and need opportunities, other
different classifications. We should have a more robust discussion about
those industries and determine whether or not they should also be increased
to a possible $15 limit or anything above that. That was the intent of the
original motion. I thought it was pretty responsible as was. I think all of
those industries and classifications deserve a discussion at Policy and
Services and would encourage us to have that discussion as soon as Staff is
ready to come back with more information that we asked for.

Mayor Holman:    Council Member Wolbach, do you need to speak to your
second?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. I guess the question is what makes this
particular concern, of all the concerns that we've heard, more urgent.
Without getting too much into depth, the idea of exempting tipped
employees, everybody who might be eligible for a share of tips, is a huge
segment, a huge segment of service workers and would sufficiently
undermine the ordinance as to destroy its purpose. Frankly, I don't see why
this is any more urgent or significant than the others that we had said that
we would address.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member DuBois, did you want to speak to the
amendment?

Council Member DuBois: No.

Council Member Kniss: I'm Council Member DuBois, I think.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss. These lights are all ...



                                                                     Page 62 of 113
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/19/15
