                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stinger: When I was role playing, I thought, "I wonder what they'll ask
about this?" That was the question that I knew would come, and I knew I
wouldn't have a good answer for. I guess my indirect answer is the way I
would approach a problem in industry or in a third-world country is to do the
situation analysis, walk the walk, and start to identify areas that are well
served, areas where there are high needs, and start to prioritize, bring
together groups in the community as they've done with the senior issue, and
then bring some recommendations to Staff and to Council, and hope that we
can move forward either with a coalition of nonprofits. That is the way we
started daycare in Palo Alto; addressing a need, putting together a nonprofit.
The City helped get it started, kick started it, and now it's independent.
We're not City funded as much.

Council Member DuBois: I saw your comment about your mother, and so,
yes, the one question I was going to ask about senior services. Two quick
ones. When you say childcare, is that the Palo Alto Child Care?

Ms. Stinger: Palo Alto Child Care Community.

Council Member DuBois: You were involved in that at the beginning?

Ms. Stinger: I was, yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Do you have ideas on programs for, say, teens or
youth that the HRC should be involved in?

Ms. Stinger: I guess I would have to research that more, because my bias is
theatre and poetry. I just don't think there's enough outlets for literary arts
in Palo Alto. I mean there is the Children's Theatre. Both of my girls were
involved in that for a long time. They do a great job. Beyond that, there's a
need for some more avant garde or abstract theater. I would love to see
Mitchell Park Community Center be a place where teens could try some
different sorts of less mainstream activities.

Mayor Holman: We're out of time, but if you'd care to make a couple of
closing statements, please feel free.

Ms. Stinger: The question I was hoping you would ask was why I wanted to
be at the HRC. I will answer that as quickly as I can. I certainly want to
give something back. My experience on the Library Advisory Commission
was that I got more out of it than I put into it. Drilling down on a particular
issue, the experience of drilling down, the learning that went with that, the
involvement in City affairs, the satisfaction of taking my mother to College
Terrace, of walking by Mitchell Park now and seeing something that I was
involved in was immensely gratifying. Process wise, that's really important
                                                                         Page 7 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
