                           TRANSCRIPT

that we're going to have this opportunity again in ten years to have a ballot
measure or whatever. This ask that we're proposing to you is bigger than a
ballot measure. It's bigger than individual cities. We need to have an
integrated city. We need to have integrated programs that combine all of
this. If we don't have this ask or where we have this system, we don't know
how to fill it in. All we're doing is filling this ask for potholes or this, but we
need to go above, we need to go to what's next. If they put a transit lane
in, then what's next once that's clogged? We need to know about when it
happens, if we take the Dumbarton Bridge and integrate that into a system,
that alleviates traffic. My residents, your residents, all complain about the
traffic that are coming down 85. They take off 85, and they take off 280,
and they go down Foothill Expressway, and they turn down Page Mill, and
they turn down all your auxiliary streets, because they can't get down 85.
It's too busy. We need to go above it. I hope you appreciate all that's being
asked right now. I think we can accomplish a great deal. Please authorize
the Mayor to sign it. I'll be out of here before the light comes up. I like this.
I don't know if we can use it, but I like it. Thank you so much.

Bruce McHenry: Good evening. I'm pleased to be back in California. I was
away for about 20 years. I used to live up on top of Skyline, where we
certainly didn't use Caltrain. I started studying innovative transportation
about 15 years ago with Professor Jerry Schneider, Professor Emeritus at the
University of Washington, who should be brought in to consult on anything
in this space about disruptive change. Particularly, I was studying with a
group of entrepreneurs who were looking at guideway-based systems which
are very infrastructure intensive, but allow things like offline stations. In the
last 200 years of train development, we still haven't seen a single system
anywhere in the world of heavy rail that's got offline stations. BART doesn't
have it. Caltrain certainly doesn't have it. It's absolutely remarkable. My
expertise since 2006 or so has been an evangelist for making vehicles that
mechanically couple to each other and form trains on the roads and then
also eventually in the subway tracks and on the rails as a dual-mode type
vehicle. Although this is a long-term plan, there are short-term aspects like
the creation of BRT lanes that also do HOT on the El Caminos. These will be
a tremendous incentive to get people to start to use those empty seats that
we see riding around. 1.2 passengers per vehicle is the average. There's a
lot of empty capacity running around. In fact, ridesharing alone could
double very quickly the number of passengers per vehicle and halve the
number of vehicles on the road. Road trains actually then increase the
factor by about five. In fact, existing roads have got a capacity ten times
larger than we're using.       Any plan that looks out and thinks about
submerging the Caltrain tracks without thinking about what if we could
                                                                           Page 59 of 136
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 8/17/15
