                          TRANSCRIPT
better to get those middle and late adopters in. Education and adoption. I
challenge all of you to get into an Electric Vehicles (EV) as soon as possible.
I want to talk about water, but I also want to talk about the good news in
getting out of those cars and the technology. The total cost of ownership for
those electric vehicles right now is cheaper than a conventional vehicle.
Water and energy, we want to talk about economics, because that's
important.    There are more people employed in the solar industry in
California than are employed by PG&E, SoCal Edison and San Diego Gas and
Electric. Our three major utilities in the State employ fewer people than the
solar industry does now. Where has that blossomed in the last five years?
Water. This is the City's water use right here for residences. Residences
use roughly half the water out of Gil's report. Thank you.

Steve Raney: Good evening, Council. Let's definitely go for the moon shot.
I wanted to ask if Council has an opinion about adding some kind of initiative
on housing.      For example, low impact housing micro units.          Taking
something that can make some waves, that can really scale where there's a
lot less driving per capita in those new homes and a lot fewer cars. They
could also have a very green building design as well, such as the Patrick
Kennedy micro units up there. Potentially you could follow Stanford West's
green housing preference to reduce commuting, build that in as well. Take a
parcel like 27 University, everybody bikes to Stanford for their job and then
they spend their money in Downtown and they don't have much need to
drive. It's affordable by design. Thank you for your consideration.

Timothy Gray: Good evening. Tim Gray. I wanted to make sure that we
keep a global look at the greenhouse gas and this whole topic. Oftentimes,
people get into thinking that we're going to reduce the gas here. Maybe that
doesn't tie in with what happens in China or the rest of the world. If we can
take more of a global look. For example, if each of us would just, I'm not
sure what the statistics are, reduce our meat consumption by 50 percent,
it's the equivalent of having every single resident in Palo Alto switch from a
Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV) to a Prius.        That would be a tremendous
accomplishment. Just a little conversation with the community about other
impacts besides the micro projects that we would want to showcase. I'll just
leave it at that for the sake of time. Take a bigger look at the issue and let's
not get into something that we do right here to produce pride in being
green. For example, look at the cost of batteries in electric cars. Let's go
back to the manufacturing of the savings as well as what happens right here
in Palo Alto.

Wynn Grcich: Hi. I was at the Earth Day Festival in San Francisco on 22nd
and Mission on Saturday. I was protesting the chem trails. There's going to
be a huge global march this Saturday on it. This is something when you're

04/20/2015                                                              117- 309
