                          TRANSCRIPT

emails. All my months on Council, it's been the item I've gotten the most
emails on. I do think we need to adjust. One of the PTC Commissioners
sent in a letter that made a great point that Council directed a set of criteria
to try to achieve that balance. We had a lot of criteria. We had two
discussions I think here at Council. We were definitely concerned about
striking a balance. Unfortunately I don't think that happened. A near
majority of any one group on the CAC is not good. I think the balance of the
neighborhoods wasn't achieved. Just a quick comment on blogging, because
it was an interesting point. I think if eight or nine people out of seventeen
are from one group, there's a sensitivity to blogging because it's likely that
other members of that group are going to see it. I think that's very different
than an elected official blogging to a broad constituency. It seems more
similar to me emailing the other Council Members. I think it does make
sense to have a little sensitivity to that. In regards to the CAC, I would
support an accelerated process for Council to directly appoint five more
members specifically focused on neighborhoods south of Oregon
Expressway, with a focus on neighborhood association involvement though it
be open to anyone to apply. I'd like to see a process where maybe it comes
back to Council in two weeks, and we could vote and get people seated as
quickly as possible. If other Council Members have ideas on removing
members that might have conflicts, I'd be interested in hearing that. In
terms of the schedule, I believe we do need to extend the schedule. There's
some meetings where I think two Elements are being addressed, a second
round on one Element, a first round on a second. I think that might be too
much. I would just emphasize I think it should be quality-based scheduling,
not time-based. If you don't complete an Element, it should continue at the
next meeting. There needs to be some time for deliberation and discussion.
I'm not sure that's there in that schedule. I'd like Staff to propose an
extended timeline. In terms of process, I have several thoughts. I think we
should clearly start with the current Comp Plan just for simplicity and clarity
for everybody involved. We should note redlines, additions and deletions
that pull from the PTC version. Rather than kind of leave it open which
version we're going to use for each Element, I just think for simplicity let's
just pick one and go forward as a starting point. I think we need a method
to prioritize and cut programs. Hillary, I think the process you have is
particularly additive. If you could back with some ideas on other processes
that the group could use, that would actually maybe force tradeoffs or have
the exercise of trying to cut down the number of programs, that would be
useful. It would be useful for Council to understand what's a reasonable
number that can be accomplished in the timeframe of the Comp Plan; also, I
guess what has strong and weak support from the CAC. I would also

                                                                        Page 114 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
