                          TRANSCRIPT
replace. We have water pipes we have to upgrade all the time. By allowing
such a massive increase in building on University Avenue, I essentially have
to subsidize those guys, because right now they consume a certain through-
put of water. They consume a certain amount of electricity. They produce a
certain amount of noise and traffic congestion. If you triple or quadruple the
size, we're talking about overtaxing. I don't think it's the right way for me
to subsidize. I'm a venture capitalist; I don't want to subsidize those guys
on University Avenue frankly. To respond to the Eiffel Tower, love this
building, but if you look at the history of Palo Alto, PayPal, Facebook,
Google, Palantir Technologies, they all got started in Palo Alto, and it
happened before the initiative to expand and create a lot of office buildings.
They were sitting on the small houses along University Avenue and they
were doing extremely well. Frankly, since the office buildings started
popping up, I don't see any building or companies increasing in Palo Alto.
They're all old companies started ten years ago. I don't know why. I'm not
saying there is a causality, but there is a clear correlation. Since the
expansion of traffic, since expansion of those buildings, I don't see any new
multibillion dollar startups getting started and sitting and being residents of
Downtown Palo Alto.

Vita Gorbunoca: Good evening. I'm also Downtown resident for 15 years. I
live three blocks from this project. Honestly speaking, I'm pretty impressed
with this architectural firm. If I ever decide to move out of state, grow cold
heart to Palo Alto, sever all my ties with my neighbors, I will definitely turn
to them to get the best bang for the buck for my money. Until then, I still
love Palo Alto, so I have to speak against this project. I walk by this site
every day. I'm very much concerned about the impact this project is getting
on this Downtown area. We all know it is an office boom in Palo Alto and
every dog kennel is converted to office buildings. Fortunately dog kennel
could be converted back to the dog kennel after the boom is done.
Whatever is built right now with stock who is building for the next decades,
several decades, probably century. They build them good. Let's get the
design question out of the way. Let's stop pretending and calling it a
breakthrough marvel of engineering or modern design. It looks like my
father's factory which I saw 40 years ago back in Soviet Union. Let's stop
calling it modern. It's outdated. When we get that out of the way, let's
focus on the context-based design criteria. They say beauty is in the eyes of
the beholder, but I notice I'm consciously every time I have to go to this
area on University Avenue, I take Kipling Street. I don't take Cowper Street.
I prefer not to take Waverley Avenue. I will take Kipling Street. No, actually
not just something which I can't quantify, and I can't point it out. This new
building claims to be pedestrian and bicycle friendly. I think not. It's one of
the most unfriendly buildings in existence. Instead of widening sidewalks,
the sidewalks will actually be narrower. All the indentation with all the
                                                                       Page 42 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
