                          TRANSCRIPT
Measure A and Measure B—that's the 2008 and 2000 tax measures—have
gone to BART to San Jose which is basically a service from Alameda County
to the downtown San Jose. We all know we need alternative transportation.
I'm the first to stand up for that. There's rail projects and a lot of things
that we need. I think we really need to stand up—I know a lot of you feel
this way—for we need some funding in the north county because we've been
shorted in the past time. I ask you to ask Mr. Guardino some serious
questions. I know that he was here last year and did not answer the
questions that were asked of him at that time. I would only ask that you
ask questions and also that you invite VTA to come and talk in response to
your letter. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Next we have David Coale to be followed by
Omar Chatty.

David Coale: Hello Mayor and City Council. My name is David Coale. I've
been following transportation for a long time. I'm very interested in this. I
know one should not use idioms, but in this case I think it is very fitting.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. The Leadership
Group is back for a third time trying to sell us yet another transportation tax
measure. I think the priorities that you have come up with for the VTA
projects are very good, with improving Caltrain first followed by bike and
pedestrian projects. The discussion around the cost-effective transportation
solutions is also very important, and I appreciate that. I like the letter that
you signed onto with the other nine north county cities asking for an
integrated transportation plan. This plan should include TDM instead of
expensive expressways; increase active transportation, bike and ped; a
better integrated bus system; and ideally should include affordable housing
near transit centers. This would be a much better plan and is far better than
the popularity contest that the Silicon Valley Leadership Group runs for its
polling which is less than transparent. Since Measure A 15 years ago, over
80 percent, as was previously noted, of our transportation tax dollars have
gone to BART. This does not serve us well. In the meantime, Caltrain which
is the main rail system in the county is over capacity and underfunded and is
in serious need of updating. The leadership group has promised upgrades to
Caltrain in the past and then diverted funding to BART. That's what
happened with the Dumbarton rail connection to the East Bay and the delay
of electrification. I do not trust the Silicon Valley Leadership Group again to
promise funding for Caltrain as you have requested. Paraphrasing Jay
Inslee, the governor of Washington state, he said we are the first generation
to feel the effects of climate change and we are the last ones that can do
anything about it. With this 30-year tax measure and the other measures
put in place, as was noted by the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, we must
address climate change in these issues. They have been left out. Please
                                                                        Page 69 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
