                           TRANSCRIPT

Council act on referring it if they feel comfortable with it. Just a couple of
points going through. I was very impressed with the health fair reaching out
to the community, offering some very valuable information, resources, ideas
and getting a nice response from the community. I can see this as an
annual event of embedding itself in the community, of my concerns this year
are different than they were two or three years ago. In the fair, there's a
source of information, of references, of referrals that I can use, I can catch
up with. I think the health fair, if I had to set a priority, is certainly one that
jumps out. The other base notion that comes across is information. The
health fair is one source of information, but I think you talked of other ways,
websites and other ways of doing trials with employees, with businesses, but
using that as an information base that can be distributed through the
community in a variety of formats. I think using information is a good
underlying goal to have. I like the comments that were made about design.
It could have a big impact as we think through zoning, building, how we
think about a healthy community, not just walking and biking, but actually
living and gathering places and meeting places. Things like that are a part
of the design of our community.            One element that seemed to be
underemphasized when you think about a healthy city, most people in the
community can take care of themselves with good information, but the most
vulnerable are with us. Housing, mental health, abuse, issues like that, that
it seems as a healthy community that certainly should be one of our
priorities whether it be a budget priority or to just make sure on the
calendar, in our Comp Plan is a referral to those who are most vulnerable in
our community. Look forward to continuing the good work and next year's
health fair.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, colleagues, for your comments and to Vice
Mayor's last comments. Under healthy culture, Number 5 says improve
access—these are striving to.       I appreciate Council Member Scharff's
comments in that regard. Improve access and awareness to mental health
support and education. Number 6 says seek solutions, promote awareness
and compassion for the unhoused. One thing that has sort of been alluded
to in a number of comments by colleagues this evening is under health
environment, Number 7, incorporate people-friendly design into buildings
and spaces such as human-scale, tree-shaded pedestrian passageways,
gathering places that demonstrate favorable impacts on resident and
employee health and quality of life. I think that one is a bold statement. It
is something that we strive for in our Comprehensive Plan and in our Zoning
Code. I think having the guidance of that one here would be really integral.
The Resolution doesn't try to accomplish everything, but it does try to fill
some gaps in what we currently do. I think, Council Member Scharff to
                                                                            Page 71 of 80
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 10/26/15
