                          TRANSCRIPT
developer Joseph Eichler decided to gamble in Palo Alto. A keen eye for the
marketplace, he deftly connected a younger generation recently unburdened
by war with the economical construction of his homes. As successful as he
was, the modern style he had his architects produce had its detractors. His
houses were only a small minority of the homes buyers were purchasing at
the time. If you think that tonight's submittal rises to the level of these
examples and their impacts on the City, I argue that it does not. As out of
sync as the Bank of America building was at its time, the power and
diversity of University Avenue appears to nearly have absorbed it today. I
recently led an architectural tour down University Avenue and was
personally surprised to find some Palo Altans in my group find reasons to
praise it. Certainly, this submittal being discussed this evening has none of
the handicaps of that building. Does this submittal raise the issue of how we
should deal with parking and traffic or how the City should manage the
conflicts between the neighborhood and commercial use? You bet it does.
Should this submittal take the fall and criticism for those issues? It should
not. Do not judge the submittal on its style. The only style consistency in
this part of town is its diversity which is what should be celebrated. Style
cannot be measured, and its impact can only be evaluated over time. Only
the property owner has true fiat over the project style by either picking the
architect of their choice or demanding their architect perform as they like, as
Leland Stanford did in 1888 when he hired the eminent Frederick Law
Olmsted to design his campus but, upon seeing Olmsted's modern solution
that spread the campus out across the Foothills, he threw it out and
demanded it be redesigned. The Architectural Review Board is to be
commended for supporting this submittal. It duly evaluated the submittal
against the legal requirements and the compatibility criteria of its own and,
more importantly, provided the forum for the City to hear the higher level
issues it needs to grapple with. With the exception of very specific historic
or other unique circumstances, style is not legislated in this country nor
should it be.

Douglas Smith: Mayor Holman, Council Members, good evening. The
compatibility violations of this design I believe to be the same as in the
appeals that I filed in 2013. I'd refer here to the Municipal Code Section on
how to achieve compatibility goals, which incidentally are independent of
architectural style. There are eight, and I will refer to the first six. Siting,
scale, massing and materials. The siting and massing of this building are
about 50 percent larger than the other six buildings on University Avenue
combined. The design is 100 feet wide. The others average 20 and are
about half its height. Second, the rhythmic pattern of the street established
by the general width of the buildings and the space between them. The
proposed design totally dominates both the University Avenue and Kipling
Street block with its width and bulk. Third, the pattern of rooflines and
                                                                        Page 36 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
