                          TRANSCRIPT
the funds through an accounting process, we're doing it more through a
budgeting process now. This Budget document, the Capital one, increased
by 50 percent, not in pages though only by 200 pages, but increased by 50
percent extra projects which we are showing to you now, projects which are
in flight, projects which are currently handled by Staff and many which they
hope to close out this next fiscal year. Going through this quickly,the major
change is carrying forward funds, which we're doing differently. You'll see
this in the Capital Budget. We added a Fund Overview section for you. If
you look at the Water Fund, we don't show you the project pages, but we
have a description on what's happening in this Capital program. We made
changes to the project pages in the design and format. Let me look at one
specific section here, the Electric Fund. You will see in the Capital Budget
document a fund summary narrative where Staff brought together the major
issues they're facing in that fund. You will see a description of the major
projects, what their major accomplishments are, and their major next
initiatives. A financial summary which brings all the projects together and
rolls them up in one big table on the source side, revenues as well as
expenditures. Lastly, a little tidbit for you, infrastructure inventory whether
it's how many gas mains we have, how many vehicles we have, what types
of vehicles, just interesting information to lighten up your day as you're
going through the Budget document. If you look at the project information,
there are several things we did there. We added in initial project start date,
which you see here. The revised project start date, in case it changed. You
will have a much better sense of we funded it initially this year. That's when
we want it to start; however, we had two issues. These are described in
significant changes. Every year we'll keep track of those and you can look
back at what happened to those projects. The same thing happens with the
revised project completion date, the initial one and the revised one. Lastly,
the financial information. There's several things you see new. We're
actually showing you the entire cost of a project, whether it's past costs
which we've done before, the Budget from this fiscal year. Are we going to
spend this money, that's the estimated 2015 Budget. If we don't, we will
ask you to carry it forward. Then we're looking at how it's going to spend in
the new plan. Sometimes the projects are so large they go beyond the five-
year plan, and we show an estimate of that cost as well. You'll see in the
total project cost what this entire project is potentially going to cost the City.
It's a plan and every year, as you know, it will get refined. The other thing
which is still a work in progress for us is the Operating Budget impact
statement. What's really important is the linkage between Capital and
Operating. We make decisions about the capital side. We see this today
with the Mitchell Park Library. On the operating side you will see this year
additional funds we are requesting for the green roof, for extra cleaning of
the floors, they're wooden floors, little tidbits you see on the operating side.
The plan is if we do Capital budgeting really well, as you get closer to the
                                                                              Page 7 of 60
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                  Trasncript: 04/27/2015
