                          TRANSCRIPT
      Residences, Schools, Day Care Centers, Convalescent Homes and
      Similar Uses in Office, Research and Manufacturing Districts and
      Making Related Changes to Municipal Code Provisions Related to Non-
      Conforming Uses, as Well as a Draft Ordinance Regarding Amortization
      of Uses at Communications & Power Industries, LLC (CPI), 607-811
      Hansen Way.

Mayor Holman: We now go to our first action item which is review and
direction regarding a draft ordinance regulating hazardous material users
and sensitive receptors such as residences, schools, daycare centers,
convalescent homes and similar uses in office, research and manufacturing
districts and making related changes to Municipal Code provisions related to
non-conforming uses as well as a draft ordinance regarding amortization of
uses at Communications and Power Industries LLC or CPI at 607-811 Hansen
Way. Before we have the Staff presentation, Council Member Berman, did
you have a comment you'd care to make?

Council Member Berman: Yes. Thank you very much. Just out of a kind of
abundance of caution and transparency, I just wanted to flag something for
the community and make a disclosure. One would have a conflict of interest
if one either personally or their spouse or dependent children—City Attorney,
correct me if I misstate this—if their earned income would be affected at all
by a decision they'd make on the City Council. I don't have a spouse or
dependent children, so that's not the case here and it's not the case for me
personally. I do have a mom who is a realtor in town, and she has a listing
on Chimalus. In my understanding and confirmation with the City Attorney,
this is not a conflict, so I'm not conflicting myself out of this issue. I just
wanted to flag it for the community and folks involved.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Does Staff have a presentation?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman and Council Members.           I'm Hillary Gitelman, the
Planning Director. I'm joined by Rod Young of our consulting firm AECOM.
We're going to collaborate on the presentation this evening. First, I wanted
to thank the others who have contributed to this agenda item including Joe
Afong at the Fire Department, other City Staff in a variety of different
departments. This evening, we're going to start with a review of the City
Council's direction on this issue about a year ago. Then proceed with the
rest of this outline. Some background information on CPI, a summary of the
current Code provisions that relate to hazardous materials users, a summary
of the proposed zoning revisions, and then a discussion of next steps. It's
important to emphasize that we're not this evening asking for the Council to
adopt an ordinance or ordinances. We've brought you two ordinances for

                                                                            Page 40 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
