                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Amy Christel.

Amy Christel: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity to speak to Council
tonight. I also wanted to thank Council and Staff for their past support this
year in addressing the aviation noise over this community.               I really
appreciate the work that you've done thus far and look forward to the study
being implemented in the near future. I'm here today on a different topic
which is related. I would like to have the Council pay closer attention to the
future of Palo Alto Airport now that we own it. I was curious about how the
draft Comprehensive Plan was addressing the future of Palo Alto Airport, and
I was somewhat shocked and dismayed to learn that the wording of the
Transportation Element pretty much reflects the views of pilots in the
aviation community with very little concern for the view of citizens and the
rest of us here in Palo Alto. It's interesting to me that the Comprehensive
Plan often talks about sustainability issues, carbon footprint, livability of this
community. All of those things are impacted by Palo Alto Airport and, yet in
the vision statement for transportation, traffic is addressed but not aircraft
traffic out of our own Airport. I think that's a glaring omission. There's
another interesting aspect to aircraft noise that I've discovered as I tried to
complain to Palo Alto Airport. That is that (a) we don't have a way to
measure it. We don't have noise monitors here in Palo Alto, and I don't
know why. The airport noise webpage that Staff kindly set up for the Palo
Alto website has no mention of Palo Alto Airport. This is a glaring omission
again. We cannot go to that web page and find a link to Palo Alto Airport to
register a complaint about low-flying general aviation aircraft. All of us are
being impacted by those aircraft every day. We placed a noise monitor in
our backyard for a week and analyzed the data and discovered that 30
percent of aircraft noise events over our backyard are not due to commercial
aircraft, but to general aviation aircraft. That's prop planes, turbo props and
helicopters. Most egregiously, the seven top noisiest aircraft were general
aviation, not giant jets. We had 292 significant noise events in one day,
292; 88 of those were general aviation and a good portion of those were
from Palo Alto Airport. I'll be back next week. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming and for returning. Our next speaker
is Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel: I was here last week about dewatering. Council Member Burt
asked me about the basement square footage and asked me about lot sizes.
I put together this handout that you're being given now to the best of my
ability based on the information that I could find at a couple of different
websites including Zillow. There's two asterisks by 736 Garland because the
3,545 square foot basement may actually not be occurring. I'm in the
process of speaking with the Planner assigned to that. The other thing is I
                                                                          Page 12 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/2/15
