                          TRANSCRIPT
lens that we ought to be looking at problems with and the things that are
really important to us. Our work is involved with matters of place, with the
need for and the reality of community. When we're looking at the needs of
our community or we're thinking about issues or problems, you want to have
a Staff that has a perspective of stewardship; one that feels a responsibility
for the past but also for the future; and that we'll do all of that through the
highest ideals of public service, in service ultimately though to civics and the
participation of citizens in their community, working with you as their chosen
elected representatives to accomplish these other things and to ensure we
have a great place so we have a lively and vibrant community. We're
stewards and protectors of what those who came before us have provided,
and we're thinking about the future for those who come afterwards. It's sort
of in that context when we do the work and when we think back about what
we do. I'm going to do a little aberration here. On Saturday, I went for a
long run that took me down to—I did 11 miles. Council Member Scharff and
I were talking about 11-mile distances recently in a different context. I ran
from my house down to the Baylands and did about four miles in the
Baylands. Even though I know what we're doing there, I kind of went off
some of the paths I usually run on when I'm down there. I was struck by
how much progress has been made at the Baylands. That took what
portions of it which just a few short years ago were a big dump, landfilling
operation with open windrows with a kind of funky recycling center that was
just kind of chaos and trucks and everything clanging around. If you go out
there now—I was carrying my iPhone so I just took a few pictures over a 10
or 15-minute period. Most of the parts of this are looking at either the
edges or actual vantage points up on the old landfill to see what has
happened out there. What sort of struck me is how many people in our
town are unfamiliar with already what has happened there in the Baylands.
When we talk about what we do today, I'm only going to highlight some of
what has been happening in our City over the past years and certainly over
this year. Even though we're going to be hitting highlights of what we've
done, there will be all sorts of hidden success stories that we aren't calling
out. I don't know. In the course of that run and then sort of seeing these
pictures—too bad, this little one you can't see in the corner. It's actually a
great shot of a guy on his bicycle on that edge in the lower left-hand corner,
sort of looking out, figuring out where he was going to go next. I was sort
of with a kind of spirit of mindfulness about our community and your work
and our Staff's work and the need to pay more attention to that. Anyway,
the National Citizen Survey, we don't have the current data, but it's always
worth, again, putting things back in perspective. This is a plug-in that the
Auditor's Staff used this past year, last year, on the 2014 survey to kind of
populate the survey as a whole with the kinds of issues or concerns most
mentioned by our residents in the response to that survey. More often than
not when we're in the Council chambers, you wouldn't know that 95 percent
                                                                          Page 3 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
