                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Wolbach: That's the suggestion.

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: You would need a separate second. I am not hearing one or
seeing one.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion at the end of Part B, “primarily traffic and
safety concerns; cities have until the end of 2018 to submit applications.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: Do you have anything else? We'll revert to the original. Yes,
thank you, David. Council Member Wolbach, do you have anything else?

Council Member Wolbach: I'll leave it to my colleagues to consider other ways
we can make sure that, whether it's in this motion or in future direction from
Council or from Staff, that we're very clear that we don't want those who
control the money after this ballot measure hopefully passes hopefully with
extra funding for Caltrain grade separations, we want to make sure that those
in control of the money don't just for any reason give it to cities who might
already have their plans done in November 2016 which would leave us empty-
handed.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth and then Council Member Burt.

Council Member Filseth: I just wanted to ask the City Manager's advice on
whether there ought to be a timeframe component explicit in this, because
things are moving here.

Mr. Keene: I think our reaction right now is it's not clear to me what advantage
it really provides us right now. We will certainly be back before the Council in a
regular fashion or on an as-needed basis if things start to shift when we get it
down. I just sort of hate at the end of a four-hour period to be—I understand
and appreciate the intent, but I just think a little more reflection would be good
for us right now. That's my sense.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I've been thinking about essentially the point that
Council Member Scharff raised on we need to be the advocates for grade
separations. We have seen no indication that Caltrain places a priority on that.
I'll point out that Caltrain in their advocacy, they didn't put in equal grade
                                                                            Page 66 of 70
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/13/15
