                          TRASNCRIPT
that test different amounts of growth on the housing and population side and
on the job side. When we have the Draft EIR with the impact analysis that
goes along with these broad planning scenarios, it should allow the Council
to make an informed decision about which of those growth scenarios you
would like to adopt and incorporate into the goals, policies and programs of
the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The planned EIR will come to the Council ...

Ms. Gitelman: January.

Vice Mayor Schmid: ... in January, three months after we have land use
discussion, transportation discussion, community services discussion. How
can we adequately deal with those issues without some base assumption?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. I completely understand the question. This is
unfortunately a necessity in most planning efforts, that you have to get
underway with a discussion of policy parameters, objectives, priorities, goals
while the technical analysis is underway. There'll be an opportunity when
the technical analysis is complete to allow it to come into the discussion and
inform any conclusions that are made.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could we get a working issue out since we're discussing
an interim limit of 50,000 and we're talking about a 15-year horizon? Can
we multiply 50 by 15 and say that's an interim target, interim assumption?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Vice Mayor Schmid, we really can't do a back of
the envelope. That 50 is only office space. It's one portion of the jobs that
we're going to see over the next few years. We probably will have years in
the 15-year cycle where we don't see 50,000. We really should do this
right. I apologize that it just takes a long time to do these kind of technical
analyses. We will get that information to you so you can make informed
decisions. I think it's still useful to have the kind of policy-level discussion
we're having this evening and are going to have on October 5th and
November 2nd. It sets the stage. It means that we're kind of ready and
waiting for the information. When we have that information on the different
scenarios, we can make informed choices that will easily fit back into our
policy structure.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm worried that we're making informed choices based
upon this pervasive assumption that Plan Bay Area is giving us a guideline to
work from. Each of our consultants seems to accept that as a basic
assumption. At some point, we have to say, "Let's look at it. Let's talk
about it. Let's vote on it."

                                                                         Page 97 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
