                          TRANSCRIPT
cities including our own. Our dispatch center is a 24-hour operation serving
residents days, nights, weekends and holidays. A resident is always able to
get a hold of a City employee with no voicemail tree when they call us. Here
are some calls Mark personally handled in recent days: a motor home fire,
an elderly resident who had stopped breathing, a woman who went into
labor at 40 weeks of pregnancy, vehicle accidents, bicycle accidents, a
woman stuck in an elevator, citizens concerned about traffic at their local
schools, an intoxicated man trying to break down the door of an occupied
resident's home and more. Mark provides quality public services as do all
the other dispatchers to all the residents and employees that utilize the
dispatch center. When you are asleep at 4:00 a.m., Mark and his colleagues
are at work in the dispatch center keeping the community safe. Their
experience and knowledge of the City is invaluable, especially when he is
training the next generation of City employees. For all our jobs, institutional
knowledge is key. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We do discourage emotive comments of any
sort, positive or negative, so that it's kind of an even playing field for
everyone. Thank you for coming. Our next speaker is Joseph Duran.
Again, if speakers could come to the front row, that would be helpful. The
next speaker is Mark Chase, but it sounds like he is not present. Is that
correct? Then our next speaker will be Diane Meyers, after Joseph Duran.
Welcome, Joseph.

Joseph Duran: Thank you. Thank you for this time for letting me share a
little bit about my department. My name is Joe Duran, that's what I go by.
I work for Public Works Facilities. We are a team of 13, one manager, two
leads, six mechanics, two painters, one carpenter and an electrician. We are
all journeyman level in our trades. Palo Alto has over 130 buildings, 1.6
million square feet and 900 maintained pieces of equipment. The median
building age is 50 years. Palo Alto has some older buildings, but we also
have some new buildings. One of my favorite buildings is Mitchell Park
Library and Community Center. This is a LEED Platinum Certified building.
It boasts a living roof. It has solar panels, solar water heaters. It has a
night sky system. The night sky system sprays water at night allowing the
cool air to pre-chill water for the chiller which actually adds energy efficiency
to the chiller, makes it work less. Rinconada is another building that has
been upgraded recently. It has three geofields that help efficiently heat and
cool the entire building. It works really efficiently actually. Palo Alto also
offers electric car chargers. Our electrician has supplied electricity to these
stations. He also maintains them. He's also been retrofitting old light
systems with new LED energy efficient systems. I'm really nervous right
now. Our carpenter has renovated and constructed new office space. He's
made patio shade for Rinconada Pool. When you come into Palo Alto, one of
                                                                              Page 26 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
