                          TRANSCRIPT
Study Session
3.    Potential List of Topics for the Study Session With Assembly Member
      Rich Gordon.

Mayor Holman: With that colleagues, we go to Item Number 3 which is a
Study Session with Assemblyman Rich Gordon. Rich, if you'd join us up
here. Welcome. It's a great honor always to have you here, a privilege to
have you here for our annual joint meeting. I know you'll have some
comments to kick off our discussion.

Rich Gordon, Assembly Member: Thank you very much, Madam Mayor. The
Council sent through the Clerk 13 issues for us to discuss. Looking at your
agenda, I don't want to keep you that late. What I thought I would do is
comment on four of the items that you sent, and then happy to take
questions, comments on others, even if they're not on the list. Let me just
start and comment that our legislative season runs from January through
September.       This was the first year of a two-year cycle.        Legislation
continues into next year if it has not been acted on by this point. At the
beginning of January, some 2,300 pieces of legislation were introduced in
Sacramento; 941 of those ended up on the Governor's desk. He signed 808.
For better or for worse, we have 808 new laws coming into effect over the
next year. I think some key ones in particular as it would relate to local
jurisdictions. There was a whole package of legislation passed around
medical marijuana which would allow for greater ability of local jurisdictions
to deal with dispensaries. There will now be a State registry, a consumer
department assigned to the State level to deal with medical marijuana.
There's a compromise package supported by the League of Cities and Police
Chiefs that, I think, moves us in a direction that we probably needed to
move in for a long time, to put some parameters around this activity. The
two other bills that were signed into law, that have an impact on local
jurisdictions. There is a piece of legislation related to electric vehicle
charging stations that requires local cities to expedite processing for those or
least to develop the criteria for expediting the processing. There also has
been a change to the timelines for the approval of wireless stations in local
jurisdictions, which reduces the amount of time that a local jurisdiction has if
there's a problem with wireless. Those are three I wanted to highlight that,
I think, had an impact on local jurisdictions. I would say that, I think,
you've heard a lot in the press about the major issues that we dealt with in
the Legislature this year including the end of life and childhood vaccinations.
There are three major things that we didn't do, that are still on our plate.
One is that we have a Special Session that's still open on transportation,
that is looking for a way to find a funding vehicle to help us fix both our
deteriorating roads and to improve our public transit systems. That Special
Session is still open. In order to raise funds, we have to provide some kind
                                                                          Page 6 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
