                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Council Member, it's 5 million per year per grade crossing up to
$15 million for one grade crossing. If you do two grade crossings as one
project, you can actually access up to 20 million. The 80 percent is—there's
80 percent Section 190 and then the 20 percent needs to be local match,
and 10 percent of that local match needs to come from the railroad that
owns the corridor. In the case of San Mateo County, the C/CAG actually
routes the sales tax revenue—the TA routes the sales tax revenue through
Caltrain, and that comprises the 10 percent local match that's provided by
Caltrain.

Council Member Wolbach: Do you mind if I ask just a quick follow-up?
Thank you. I guess I'm still not clear, because $15 million I don't think
usually equals 80 percent. Again, maybe I'm just ...

Mr. Mello: There was a recently constructed project in San Bruno that
accessed Section 190 funding. They received, I believe, 10 million in
Section 190. The total project cost was 160 million, so they cobbled
together funding from MTC, the regional sales tax and several other sources.
Section 190 by no means would cover a large majority of a project of this
scale.

Council Member Wolbach: The allocation is not coming from the Section—
that 80 percent allocation is not coming from Section 190. That explains my
confusion.

Mr. Mello: It's 80 percent up to $5 million per year.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying that for me. Yeah, I
think that that's it for my questions for right now. Thank you very much.
By the way, welcome to the gauntlet.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid and then other Council Members.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a couple of comments and thoughts. The three
elements we're looking at tonight are so intertwined it's hard to separate
them, one from another. Let me just make some simple points and talk
about the context. We talked about Context Sensitive Solutions, and one of
the players there has to be Palo Alto. Presumably what we say is helping
define what the Palo Alto context is as we approach this decision. The
Census Bureau has just come out with a new study of ratio of commuters to
residents in the job market. Palo Alto comes in fourth in the country of all
cities over 50,000 with the highest ratio.        Right above Palo Alto is
Manhattan. Right below Palo Alto is Washington, DC. There are no other
California cities on the list of top 20, not San Francisco, not Santa Clara.
Note that Palo Alto has some unique geography. You go to the east, there's
                                                                       Page 17 of 70
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/13/15
