                          TRANSCRIPT
Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. I think we're all agreed
on what we don't want. There seems to be general agreement that we don't
want San Jose hogging all the county transportation money. Maybe we
should look at it a different way. Maybe we should look at it from what we
do want. The problem that we have is congestion and parking. If we could
get transportation from, say, satellite parking lots, that would solve a couple
of problems. It would solve the—it would not solve, but it would mitigate
the congestion and it would mitigate the parking problem. For instance, if
we could encourage East Palo Alto to put in a few nice big parking garages,
which they could get a lot of money from, the transportation would be an
essential factor that there be very good shuttles from these parking lots up
Embarcadero and up University. I think perhaps what we need—I mean if
you think that's a good idea. Perhaps what we need is a kind of mirror
image EIR. We have people do the EIR so as to give you good reasons why
you don't want to do some building or some something because it's going to
increase the parts per million of particulates by 80 percent or whatever
reason. If we did a reverse EIR in all the projects, thinking in terms of
transportation, how would this be improved or made possible or mitigated if
we had good transportation? I'm thinking for instance in the senior center.
Karen just a minute ago spoke of how useful it would be if there were some
activity on the ground floor of dense, low-income housing or dense senior
housing. That could be made possible very well by transportation, for
instance, to a senior nutrition center. Childcare. If every project asked
itself how might transportation figure in, then we would come up with
something positive to give to the Silicon Leadership and the San Jose and
the County Supervisors about what we could use in the way of
transportation. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Richard Brand to be followed by David Coale.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members, Staff, audience. My name
is Richard Brand. I'm a Palo Alto resident and alternative transportation
advocate.      I'm here fundamentally to ask why is Mr. Guardino—a
representative of a special interest group and he's representing his slides to
be of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. In short he's a lobbyist—granted
valuable Council time. You wrote a wonderful letter with the ten other cities
to the VTA, and you requested a different kind of thought and projects. I
guess I asked the question where's the VTA. The VTA ought to be here
responding, not hearing some of the kind of things that I feel are just a
lobbying position. It was a wonderful report that was pursued and acquired
by our County Supervisor Joe Simitian, created by the Santa Clara County
Roads and Airports Department, that showed the numbers, the revenue and
the percentages of funds that have been spent. As we saw—I went through
that very thoroughly with Joe. We saw that 80 percent of the funding for
                                                                        Page 68 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
