                           TRANSCRIPT
system that protects and conserves Palo Alto's natural resources and
provides a source of beauty and enjoyment for Palo Alto residents. I would
like to propose that we add language that includes—it says "protects and
conserves Palo Alto's open space, natural and urban habitats and protect our
ecosystems and natural resources." Add that wording into Goal N-1. Again,
we're adding—if you look at the proposed PTC goals, you're picking up
natural and urban habitat and protect our ecosystems and natural resources.
Insert that language into existing Goal N-1. It's not otherwise mentioned in
a goal. I'll offer that as an amendment.

Council Member DuBois: If I understand your ...

Mayor Holman: I'm hoping that you would accept that as an amendment.
I'm sorry. Council Member DuBois, do you accept that as an amendment.

Council Member DuBois: I guess with the caveat to kind of wordsmith it so
it flows. The idea is that you want to get the idea of the habitats and the
ecosystem into this goal?

Mayor Holman: Yes. I'm not trying to wordsmith it. I'm just trying to pick
up the language that's in the PTC proposed goal.

Council Member DuBois: That's acceptable.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, acceptable?

Council Member Wolbach: I also accept that friendly amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and add language to Goal
N-1 (Open Space) that includes Protects and Conserves Palo Alto Open
Space, Natural and Urban Habits and protects our Ecosystems and Natural
Resources.”

Mayor Holman: Thank you both very much. A question for Staff on Goal N-
3, a thriving urban forest that provides ecological, economic and aesthetic
benefits for Palo Alto. The ecological, is that assumed to include habitat? Is
it the ecology of the forest itself or is it the ecology that includes the habitat?
Should we add the word habitat?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I think ecological is a broad
enough term that it includes both the forest itself and the habitat values that
it encompasses. Other ecological benefits like carbon sequestration and
other things.


                                                                            Page 55 of 86
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 12/9/15
