                             TRANSCRIPT
explore that with the same degree of certainty as some of these other things
immediately.

Council Member Scharff:     That doesn't seem like something that's an
either/or. I mean, we can add that in later, it seems.

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. Personally, I'm not viewing hardly any of these as
either/or, but different people have different perspectives on that. We'll just
to try bring them all back, and you can discuss as many of them as you
would like to.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad to ask lots of questions, but I'm wondering
if maybe Council Member Burt would like to get a motion out that we could
speak to.

Council Member Burt: I would like to move that first we adopt a resolution,
Attachment A, that certifies the FEIR. Second, that we adopt a resolution,
Attachment B as modified before us here.           Third, that we approve
Recommendation Number 3. I'm going to modify what's at our places. It
reads "direct Staff to develop funding options for the project and for other
water recycling alternatives and return to Council with specific
recommendations on funding applications prior to being submitted."

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.        Adopt a Resolution that certifies the Final Environmental Impact
          Report for the proposed Recycled Water Distribution Project; and

B.        Adopt a Resolution accepting a Modification to the City’s Long Range
          Facilities Plan for the Regional Wastewater Quality Control Plant which
          includes the Recycled Water Project with the following modifications:

     i.        Section 1, end of the second sentence add, “Subject to further
               Council action to consider and approve funding applications,
               financing, design and construction”; and




                                                                         Page 119 of 130
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/28/15
