                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: You could put in a new barbershop. If fact, you'd have to put in a
new personal service, retail or restaurant. You could not replace that with
an office per se.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: A couple or three things. The PTOD is an application that
an owner would apply for, to be redundant, and it requires ground-floor
retail. If we eliminate, though, or exempt it from this ordinance, that means
that the conditional uses and the formula businesses don't apply to PTOD
properties. Correct?

Mr. Lait: The way the ordinance is drafted, even if we did extend that green
hatching to the PTOD, formula retail could be established in that location
because we're only looking at formula retail on Cambridge, excuse me, on
California Avenue. Formula retail is not restricted in the proposed ordinance
on Cambridge or any of the other areas. It would only be restricted in the
purple area. What exists—I'm looking at the ordinance and maybe there's a
way to share this somehow. What the ordinance says is that when this
property, 420 Cambridge, got rezoned to PTOD, it states that—I'm just
reading verbatim—subject to the following limitations, the development shall
be a mixed-use project comprising ground-floor retail, personal service or
green design and sales uses with residential uses on the upper floors.

Mayor Holman: I don't have the PTOD ordinance in front of me. I meant to
look at this up and didn't get around to it. I don't have a map of PTOD, and
I don't have—that's what's happened for that specific PTOD zoning. What
I'm talking about is the PTOD ordinance itself. Does it require ground-floor
retail? I believe it does because it's—Council Member Burt was involved in
this too—pedestrian transit oriented. Does the PTOD ordinance require
ground-floor retail? Not that one project.

Mr. Lait: Let me check that. There may be—when you're establishing a
PTOD zone, I think there's some standard. You can impose some standards
to achieve that. I want to double check that in the Code.

Mayor Holman: That would be good. The PTOD overlay, I can't remember
exactly if it creeps onto California Avenue or not. That's the other thing that
I have a question about. Why would we not apply it to the PF? Here's the
reason I ask this. Those are all, I think, parking lots, City-owned parking
lots. If we were to develop those parking lots for whatever purpose,
wouldn't we want to do something at the ground level that would support
retail that hopefully is going to be introduced across the street? Why
wouldn't we apply it to ourselves?

                                                                        Page 51 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
