                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: It's just my concern is the creation of work for
Staff getting in the way of ongoing negotiations (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: They're going to talk about it. It's already in there
as a policy.

Mayor Holman: Hillary, is this creating any more work than what's already
on the table?

Council Member Wolbach: Or conflict in debate with the School District.

Mayor Holman: It's fine to leave it in. Okay.

Council Member Wolbach:       Then I'll pull back my amendment and just
scratch it.

Mayor Holman: We have a motion ready to vote on. That is to—this is
regarding the Community Services Element—direct Staff to update the
existing vision statement with minor revisions for City Council review and
adopt the following organization of goals: C-1, efficient service and delivery
which is the current goal; C-2, customer service which is the current goal;
C-3, maintaining parks and public facilities, which is the PTC proposed C-3;
C-4, planning for the future, PTC's C-4; and C-5, health and well being,
which is the Planning and Transportation Commission's C-1 adding improve
quality, quantity and affordability of social services inclusive of all
community members particularly children, youth, seniors, the unhoused, and
people with disabilities; and "F" which is update Policy C-28 based on the
Staff feedback and the Park and Recreation Master Plan process; and "G,"
direct the CAC to discuss the planning and development of Cubberley
community Center; and "H," direct Staff to return to Council for more
substantive discussion of narratives supporting goals; "I," incorporate
reference to the Urban Forest Master Plan in a policy; and "J," Staff will
address tensions between customer service and public service. With that,
vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0
Mayor Holman: Congratulations, Council, on that unanimous motion. It is
10:33. We have the other sections of this to address. As was mentioned
earlier by City Manager, we can push the Land Use and Community Design
Element forward to—I'm looking for the date.

Ms. Gitelman: We had originally planned on November 2nd, but there's
potentially an opportunity to move it to October 26.


                                                                       Page 90 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
