                          TRANSCRIPT
Department needs and that 2012 programming square footage. He helped
develop that. We would contract with him to help us in this site assessment
work. We'd start by revalidating the 2012 program square footage numbers
to see if there's any adjustments needed due to changes that may have
occurred since then. For each of the sites, Michael Ross would create test fit
and massing diagrams that would lay out how the program we have for both
the Public Safety Building and the needed parking could fit on those sites
and what approximately the building massing might look like to be able to
accomplish that at the sites. The study would also include weighing a
number of pros and cons for the sites, including issues like impacts on the
project budget; how long it might take to complete a Public Safety Building
for each of the sites and the differences between those; whether the
particular site has impacts on operational efficiencies for the Police
Department; whether there's potential for future growth that could be
needed; the accessibility of the site to the public; and ability of the site to be
appropriately secure. Those are some of the key ones that we pointed out
here. Our thought was we would go through this exercise, then we would
take the information that was developed and go through some public
outreach steps to get community input. We'd complete a technical report
and bring that back to the Council. Our goal would be to complete that
report and have a site selection hopefully in the late summer of this year.
That is the presentation.

Mr. Keene: Thank you Brad and team for that work. If I might add, when
we were working on the Council agenda, the original plan suggestion was to
bring an award of a contract to the Council for Michael Ross to do more in-
depth analysis of these three sites. In our discussions, we felt for a number
of reasons we needed to have a Study Session before that decision was
made. One, it's been a while since we've been before the Council. We have
new Council Members who have not been involved as in-depth as prior
Council Members. This would provide ground for a better briefing on this
subject. Secondly, as Brad indicated, if there were other potential sites that
for whatever the reason the Council knew about or wanted to be sure we
looked at before we made the decision to go into things further, to do that.
Third, even though we've been on a track to do the recommendations on
three, it's quite possible that there could be enough difficulties with one or
more of these sites that you might decide not to go into a further analysis on
those. Let's not waste the time or the money; let's focus on the one or so
that we think have a lot of advantages or more advantages. Along those
lines, I'd like to speak to one of the proposals. This has nothing to do with
the process we would have to go through. In my own view, out of the three
that we have, even though as acknowledged they all have challenges, the
Sherman Avenue site has more upside to it and less downside than the other
two, when we talk about some of the pros and cons in the others as it
                                                                           Page 25 of 63
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/6/15
