                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That concludes the presentation? Excellent, thank you.
Thank you very much for the revision to Number 3. That was one of my
concerns as I think you know.

Council Member Burt: I have some both questions and comments. First,
Phil, thanks for those clarifications. You addressed many of my concerns.
In all honesty, I don't understand the characterization that the Staff Report
is just focusing on the EIR certification. The other two aspects, even given
that Number 3 has been modified in a significant way by the at-places
memo, and the content of the Staff Report were pointed really, I think, in a
different direction. First, I want to address something that seems to be an
error in the report. On the second paragraph, page 2 of the report, packet
page 72, it talks about the UAC review and said that the UAC recommended
the Council certify the EIR comma, adopt the resolution modifying the City's
Long Range Plan and direct Staff to proceed with the filing. When I went to
the Minutes of the UAC report, it was specifically reminded to the
Commission that the Staff is only requesting that the UAC recommend the
Council certify the EIR at this time and no other discussion. I noted that
Vice Chair Cook reminded Commissioners of that and refrained from asking
other technical and financial issues around the project, because they were
only certifying the EIR and not addressing the other issues. I'll just leave
that as a comment and a concern of an apparent contradiction between the
Staff Report and what actually went before the UAC. I read the other
Minutes of the UAC, and some of the Commissioners waded in on some of
the other issues, but we're kind of reproached not to. Second, when we look
at Recommendation Number 2, it refers to the resolution in Attachment B,
which is packet page 165. If you look at Section 1 up at the top of page
165, the language appears to go much further than just certifying the EIR.
It now includes the planned improvements described in the EIR within the
City's Recycled Water Project. It directs the City Manager and City Staff to
proceed with development of the Recycled Water Project. That's different
from what, I think, was described to us. That is a full steam ahead section.
I'm presently not comfortable with giving that as the official direction in a
resolution given all the things that you described about both the whole set
and range of technical alternatives for recycling that we may be pursuing,
which may or may not even include this in the future. We're talking about
spending tens of millions of dollars on capital projects and, at this point in
time, we don't know and we don't have the information, Staff doesn't have
the information, and I know this from our discussions. We as policy makers
don't have the information to know which direction we'll ultimately go.
We're a ways away from that. The joint committee with the Water District
Board and Council Member DuBois and myself, the Water District has funded
$3 million in their budget this year to pursue recycling water alternatives.

                                                                      Page 111 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
