                          TRANSCRIPT
program. Here's a potential schedule that could be used to move towards
that end. We would start working with the blue ribbon committee as soon
as we get authorization, and we'd work towards a mail-by-ballot measure
sometime in the fall of 2016. On this schedule, it lists November 3rd as
when ballots would be due back. When we met with the Finance Committee,
they expressed some concern about that. This date is certainly subject to
change. They were concerned about the proximity of this date with the
general election that will occur in the same timeframe. In addition to that
point, when we met with the Finance Committee who actually did not make
a formal recommendation to Council but voted to bring this topic forward to
the full Council for discussion, they also thought it was important that the
Council discuss the relative pros and cons of appointing this blue ribbon
committee either by the Council or the City Manager. It's up for discussion.
They wanted a discussion of the criteria for selection of the committee
members and were interested in achieving diversity in interests, talents and
geographical locations of those members. They also wanted the opportunity
to review the Master Plan which identifies our future capital needs and to
discuss criteria for project selection and inclusion in the ballot measure.
With that, I'll turn it to the Council for discussion and questions.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. We have a card from the Chair of the
Storm Drain Committee, Hal Mickelson. Thank you for waiting through the
evening.

Hal Mickelson: My pleasure. Mayor and Council Members, I am Hal
Mickelson, a member of the Storm Drain Oversight Committee. I'm a
resident of the Green Meadow neighborhood, and I'm speaking as an
individual property owner and resident. Infrastructure is not pizzazzy.
You're not likely to get a room full of people waving attractively made signs
saying we demand more support for the storm drain infrastructure needs of
our City. You'll get a full Council chamber if we have a disaster. You've
been hearing tonight about how hard the City Staff works to foreclose the
possibility of such a disaster. In order to make sure that the storm drain
system continues to meet the City needs, we have to be able to keep on
spending at the level of the $12.63 assessment that is going to sunset in
2017 unless this Council chooses to do something about it. This City needs
to think and act to maintain and enhance appropriate funding for reliable
storm drain systems. The projects that have been implemented since the
2005 decision, I think, are familiar to this Council. You've seen detail on all
of them. As a member of the Storm Drain Oversight Committee, I've had
the pleasure of seeing Staff go through these line-by-line and describe what
we've been able to accomplish for the City. The projects made possible by
the 2005 decision and the present level of funding have been thoughtfully
designed and have been effective for the City. I would urge this Council
                                                                       Page 95 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
