                            MINUTES
  b. Include a conditional use permit requiring occupants and users of the
     building to park in the garage. If occupants and users do not comply
     with the conditional use permit, the City will initiate a Residential
     Parking Permit program for the neighborhood.

Council Member Filseth advised that the size of the building resulted in a
very small incremental cost of the three units. He inquired whether the
Council should review the incremental cost of the three units over the
existing building as opposed to evenly allocating the costs of the whole
building.

Council Member DuBois replied yes.

Council Member Filseth asked if State law contained any requirements for
the method of calculation.

Ms. Silver reported State law provided little guidance regarding
methodology. She suggested Mr. Kawahara indicate whether he understood
the request and whether it was possible.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, advised that a court would consider the
reasonableness of any methodology used. Consultants should have an
opportunity to explore and comment on reasonableness.

Council Member DuBois appreciated the Applicant's project and outreach to
neighbors. The Council was being asked to review the MND, Site and Design
Review, two Design Exceptions, and the request for off-menu concessions.
He found issues in traffic, parking, and the economic model. The traffic
report was three years old and did not consider multiple projects on Park
Boulevard. With respect to parking, the City was using old numbers;
therefore, more people than projected could use the building. He could not
accept that the three concessions would not cover the cost of the BMR units.
If the Council accepted the methodology, then zoning would have no
meaning. The analysis utilized a pro rata approach for building cost and
allocated the entire cost of the underground garage to the BMR units. The
resulting construction cost was $630 per square foot which was utilized for
the affordable housing. A local realty company suggested that cost was
high. A five-story building in San Francisco with underground parking had a
cost of $338 per square foot. A fine-grained approach was needed. He
wanted a method that shielded the City from individual construction costs
and the potential for loading the cost of luxury items onto BMR units. He
believed the requested incentives exceeded requirements based on written
and financial evidence. The Council should commission a model that did not
assign the pro rata cost of the entire building to the BMR units.

                                                                      Page 25 of 39
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 1/26/2015
