                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Cameron: A couple of things to note. Between Foothill and the easterly
entrance to Old Page Mill, we would want to improve that trail, that shared
use path, to widen it to make it easy for bi-directional bike travel. That
would provide a much better connection to Old Page Mill Road for people
going west or even going east, either way. At the other end, we're looking
at signalizing that and creating a frontage road for Gerth and Christopher
Lane and all those folks coming out of there that get trapped because it's
almost impossible for them to make a left turn onto Page Mill to go where
they want. By doing that and directing them all to that signal, it also
provides a signal that can be used by bicyclists wanting to turn on and off
Old Page Mill Road, unless they want to use the multiuse path that continues
along the north side.

Council Member DuBois:      You're going to have those two lights relatively
close to each other.

Ms. Cameron: They would be closely coordinated. We would advocate with
Caltrans that, even though they're in the right-of-way, the County operate
those lights. We have done that with Caltrans in other locations where they
let us operate the lights. We pretty much have state of the art traffic signal
management. We're confident that with the volumes that you're looking at
in terms of making turns we could do a job good of coordinating those
signals.

Council Member DuBois: As long as they're synchronized, it would be fine.
Grade separation with Foothill also makes a lot of sense. You're connecting
two expressways. Those are the places where we should be improving
vehicle traffic. I don't subscribe to the idea that we make traffic so bad that
people get out of their cars. This is about existing conditions. You're not
telling us you're building a bunch of excess capacity for the future. It's
something we need to fix.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for your study and consideration of this and the
improvements you're proposing. Did you consider just one lane addition? If
you look at the existing conditions, it's the A.M. peak that's so much worse
than the P.M. peak. Why a two-lane addition as opposed to a one-lane
addition that would deal with the primary impacts?

Ms. Cameron: We looked at that as a phasing strategy for the eastbound
direction, but make sure that it's built in such a way that doesn't preclude
adding a lane in the westbound. You're right, the travel is more spread out
during the P.M. peak, but it does have problems. We are concerned about
future growth. We did look at that, and that can be considered further


                                                                         Page 25 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
