                          TRANSCRIPT
could be generated over a 30-year life of a 1/2-cent sales tax. There have
been continued discussions of some more specificity, although certainly at
this point really perhaps at best giving an indication of what VTA Staff has
been thinking in order to start putting together recommendations or
proposals for broader feedback. As noted here on this slide, a current
discussion of total Caltrain funding in the range of 750 million to 1 billion as
a revenue allocation from a countywide sales tax. Once again, I would note
that that's really not reflecting any policy direction other than again VTA
Staff looking to get some feedback on this among a number of other
potential allocations that could be generated by the sales tax. Next slide.
Actually perhaps before moving off of VTA, I would note that I believe at
places you received a copy of the letter that was transmitted by the ten
cities to VTA from the North County and West Valley in order to reflect a
desire and expression of the importance of continued comprehensive
planning to be part of the funding program as it goes forward. Finally, the
last piece of data we wanted to provide to the Council for your consideration
is some math behind the potential for local funding. Here noted simply for
the purpose of calculation that in general terms that for every $1 million of
annual revenue, whatever the source of an annual ongoing revenue was
identified for a 30-year period, that there's approximately 14 million that
could be generated in net bond proceeds for the purpose of upfront funding
of a capital project. As a result, again simply to reflect some math and to
give the Council a sense of order of magnitude, Staff took a look at a 30-
year 1/2-cent locally within the City would generate between $12 and $13
million annually. Again, extrapolating that out, generate roughly $179
million in bond revenue that could be available for capital projects. Final
slide, simply back where we started. To recap items and topics in particular
that Staff thought might be helpful to identify areas for Council direction.
First, on the City's response and participation on the High Speed Rail
environmental process. Second, some of the key next steps that we see as
important to position the City in being able to seek funding for grade
separation as well as have continued evaluation of options and better sense
of the implications of grade separation projects. Finally, the options related
to the VTA sales tax, both a legislative advocacy position as well as options
that could be considered locally within the City. That concludes our Staff
briefing. Turn it back to the City Manager.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Ed and Josh and Richard, for that. If I could just
make a couple of follow up points. First of all, we've been scampering to
respond to both the re-emergence of High Speed Rail and then the
implications or the need to be thinking about cobbling together funding. As
you can tell by the Staff Report, we actually put a lot of real estate into the
Staff Report related to the Section 190 process and the Section 130 process.
Our own assessment at this point, after having really spoken to Caltrain and
                                                                           Page 8 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
