                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: There is already quite a bit of built-out space in that area, so
there's not a lot of capacity. One of the interesting things looking at this
historic data going back to 2001 is we saw increases in office and R&D
square footage in Downtown, California Avenue and Stanford Research, but
we saw decreases in some of these other areas where the shift was away
from office/R&D to other uses.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm just wondering if we might see a reverse shift both
there and east of 101.

Ms. Gitelman: Good question. That could be one of the impacts we see.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Of leaving those areas out of any discussion tonight.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to follow up on some of the specific area
plans. Let's see. We have several designations. We have coordinated area
plans; we have specific plans, master plans, precise plans and concept
plans. Can you briefly run down the differences in these plans?

Ms. Gitelman: The term specific plan is in State law, and we don't have any
specific plans. What we have is the coordinated area plan, which is our local
version of a specific plan. That plan covers the SOFA area. The only plans
that we've been talking about in the near term are these concept plans
which are like area plans. They're almost like policy documents that are
intended to be incorporated in the Comprehensive Plan.          Many of us
anticipate that the Comprehensive Plan Update will call for additional site-
specific planning, specific plans or concept area plans, as a next step in a
more specific planning process. So far, we only have the one in SOFA. We
are talking about potentially another one at the Fry's site.

Council Member Scharff: If I understood that correctly, when we talk about
a coordinated area plan, which is the term we use for our planning, that's
what we're talking about doing at the Fry's site.

Ms. Gitelman: A specific plan, yeah.

Council Member Scharff: We mean a specific plan. That tells you exactly
what you can build and what you can't. It's very precise. Whereas, a
concept area plan is much more vague and much more like a Comprehensive
Plan and a zoning document.

Ms. Gitelman:   Much more like a Comprehensive Plan, a policy document,
yes.



                                                                       Page 42 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
