                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Goldstein: We've written quite a few of them. We're going to use the
best practices that we've found in other places and apply some of them
here. Some of the approaches that we're going to take here will be unique
to Palo Alto, for sure.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: Thanks for all the work that's being done here. I
wanted to focus on the topics that you list down at the bottom of packet
page 6, page 2 of your report, and just add my support for a number of
them. The first one is supporting teens. I know that we've had a lot of teen
art events. Seeing this within the context of this report was causing me to
ask where we might be able to expand that and maybe there are things
going on that we simply need to be informed about. I certainly embrace it.
Another one is caring for the environment and basically that's, in my mind,
expressing our environmental value structure in our art. The enlivening
neighborhoods. We don't tend to have so many opportunities to place art
within neighborhoods. We may want to look more creatively at where that
might exist. One thought that touches both the kids and the neighborhoods
is school sites as being potential locations for public art. We've tended to do
our thing and they do their thing. Maybe there's a way to cross those over.
Art as a focused central gathering place, I think we've done pretty good
things there. As this process kind of forces us to step back and really look at
what opportunities are there, maybe this is a function you've already done,
when you've looked at the mapping of the existing public art is just like
when we look at where don't we have neighborhood parks that we're
supposed to have; where don't we have public art in the community, and
just geographically. That doesn't mean it makes it easy to find sites where
it's missing. Part of the reason it may not be there is there aren't great
sites, but it could mean that we work that much harder to try to find sites
there. Another one was capturing history. Given the comparatively rich
history of Palo Alto for a California city and for a city our size, we really don't
have a great deal of our art that expresses and celebrates our history. By
that I don't mean a bunch of classical-like statues of founding fathers.
Nevertheless, we have this incredible history here. We have hopefully the
Palo Alto History Museum and all of the thing that they've been looking at on
what is significant in history in Palo Alto. I don't know whether there's been
any collaboration between the History Museum and our Public Art Plan to
look at where we might take things that they were and are intending to
recognize within the History Museum and push them out to the community.
Those are just my thoughts. Thank you for your work. What's the process


                                                                            Page 7 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/5/15
