                          TRANSCRIPT
our potable water for drinking purposes and then have the potable recycled
water for toilet flushing, cooling towers or landscape irrigation. Obviously
it's a drought-proof supply. We have a very good flow of water coming into
our wastewater treatment plant that we treat every single day. We have
very good, high quality water that we are producing. The thing that we're
also looking at is this opportunity to reduce our discharges going out into the
Bay, specifically nutrients. That's something that we are going to be facing
in the future on nutrient reduction. We'll also be coming to you in the future
on that.

Mr. Bobel: I'm going to butt in again. Thank you, Karin. Just underscore
that last point, and remind everybody that we're not making a decision
today on whether to definitely do this project or not. We're only making a
decision to certify the EIR. When we come back to you for a project
decision, it's going to be a multi-objective analysis that we're going to have
to ask you to participate in. I just want to underscore that last objective
there, which might become the cheapest way to meet our nutrient
requirement in the Bay is to have a more aggressive recycled water
program.      Why?     Because if you're recycling the water primarily for
irrigation, then you're using those nutrients. Actually it's sort of a win-win,
right. The ground is using those nutrients. We found at the plant we never
had to add fertilizer. We've been using it for our own landscaping, we've
been using the recycled water for three decades and we've never added
fertilizer, because there's plenty of fertilizer in the water. It's kind of a win-
win. What the regulatory agencies want out of it is to reduce our or not at
least grow our nutrient discharge to the Bay. I need to underscore that for
you so that we're going to come back. There's going to be costs, but there's
going to be other benefits. There's going to be the benefit of nutrient
reduction. We'll come back to you and explain what the other options are
for nutrient reduction, and they're not cheap. The other way to get rid of
nutrients is to treat them at the plant, and that's extremely expensive, tens
of millions of dollars. That was one thing that I wanted to mention. We get
into the issues of what are the issues associated with this project. Karin
went over the sort of benefits. We're all familiar with those. Many of you
have started to explore other things that we could be doing besides a
pipeline system to the upper ends of our service area. We're exploring those
also. I wanted to make sure that everyone knew that. Councilman Burt and
DuBois know that, because they're on—in fact Councilman Burt chairs a new
committee that the Water District set up to work on this issue of the future
uses of our treated water. We're exploring a number of things which
probably are not mutually exclusive, but we're not sure yet whether is it an
either/or or is it that we're going to be using water in a number of different
ways. My own personal feeling is it's probably not an either/or. We're

                                                                         Page 107 of 130
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/28/15
