                          TRANSCRIPT
Cambridge. I think it's going to be a bit of a slow process, so I think we
have some time to get this right. I do think we have to look at—I'm glad
you're coming back with modifying, not modifying but with looking at the
depth of the retail. I think that's the important thing. I also think I'd like us
to come back relatively quickly in terms of looking at the parking
requirements and understanding that. I was going to ask Staff how long—I
mean, what's a reasonable amount of time to come back to Council and say,
"These are the parking requirements for these different uses. This is why it
is and these are the studies we've done"? Is it 180 days?

Mr. Lait: I could tell you what the parking requirements are for the different
uses. Is the question what ought to be the parking requirements for this
particular set of uses in this neighborhood? We would need to likely hire a
consultant who has an expertise in parking to do some analysis of the
existing uses out there, do some surveys of how the lots are being used,
survey the ...

Council Member Scharff: What kind of language would you want from
Council to give you the direction to go ahead and start that process?

Mr. Lait: I think the Council gave us the direction in the last set of motions.

Council Member Scharff: To already do that?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. I think the only challenge that we have is how do we
balance that with the other projects that we're working on. We do have
Staff that's working on some other efforts that require time. If this is a
priority project, then I think there probably needs to be conversation about
what on our work plan gets adjusted.

Council Member Scharff: I guess, I think it should be done within a year.
By then people are going to start possibly having—need new retailers for
stuff on California Avenue. I don't think it has to be done tomorrow. I think
whoever said—it's probably the same 30 days from now. If two years go by,
I think it could impact the area. I mean, is it ...

Mr. Lait:   A year doesn't cause me huge concern.        I think we can
accommodate with then. Well before then, I think we can come back to the
Council with a brief scope to outline what that would involve from a
consultant perspective.

Council Member Scharff: You're saying—I guess the question is do I need to
put this in the motion at all or are you ...



                                                                         Page 65 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
