                             MINUTES
Ms. Stump responded counsel for the parties. Staff suggested the Council
allow a very short prehearing statement from the lawyers.

Council Member Berman inquired about the reason for limiting statements to
three pages.

Ms. Stump advised that three was chosen simply to keep the statements
brief. The Council could revise the number of pages.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change Appeal Procedures, Section 2.f.
sentence Number 3- “not to exceed 3 pages” to “not to exceed 10 pages”.

Council Member Scharff felt the prehearing statements would provide the
summary requested by Council Member Kniss. He inquired whether the
Motion needed to include a statement that the Council denied the Park
owner's request to dismiss the Association appeal.

Ms. Stump answered yes. A denial of the Park owner's request would be
reflected in any final written findings and decision adopted by the Council.

Council Member Scharff asked if the Motion should direct Staff to identify an
initial appeal hearing date in April.

Ms. Stump believed it was included in the Motion. Staff should have some
flexibility in scheduling the hearing with respect to competing Agenda Items.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City Attorney preferred to hold
the hearing in March rather than April.

Ms. Stump indicated scheduling the hearing in April was reasonable given
the length of the record. The Council should discipline itself not to continue
the hearing past April. Timeliness was a standard of fairness to all parties.

Council Member Scharff asked when the Council would receive the record.
The prehearing statements were due 14 days prior to the hearing date.
Perhaps the 14 days should be changed to allow the Council more time to
review the record.

Ms. Stump advised that Staff would provide the record to the Council within
the next two weeks except for the prehearing statements. The Council could
request the parties submit prehearing statements three weeks in advance of
the hearing rather than two weeks.




01/12/2015                                                             116- 321
