                          TRANSCRIPT
that, because you're splitting water. We're going to be okay. I wanted to
ask you on the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP), somewhere
in the report it says you're bringing it in the spring of 2015. Any sense of
when that is?

Mr. Friend: I'm working with the City Manager on dates, but we expect it
would be one of your last meetings before you go on recess.

Council Member Scharff: In terms of water, there does seem to be large
opportunities in terms of water these days. That is something that is
achievable. We can show tangible results in fairly short order. I would be
supportive of spending some resources on looking at that. Thanks a lot for
the report. I'm looking forward to what you come up with in the S/CAP.

Mayor Holman: A number of comments here. I'll go through them pretty
quickly. Air travel, a comment was made that that's outside of Palo Alto. It
really isn't, because we generate a lot of that air travel here. We come and
go ourselves and we have people that come to our community to visit on
business or pleasure or whatever. I don't know how best you can capture
that, but it really is partly Palo Alto too. It's local as well as regional. Do
you have any idea about how you'd capture that?

Mr. Friend: Capturing it precisely, no. Capturing it approximately, we're
starting to work with a research outfit at UC, Berkeley that uses census data
and economic analysis to impute estimated greenhouse gas emissions. We'll
get a better estimate from that hybrid input/output analysis for those of you
who care to dig into that. Getting a precise measure of it is hard, just as
getting a precise measure of transportation is hard.         This is modeled
estimates. That's why we call these reductions an estimate; we don't know
exactly who drives how much at this point. We're using regional models to
estimate what those mixes are here. We're not going to get precise on
these numbers. I would encourage you to keep in mind that any of the
greenhouse gas estimates are probably plus or minus 10 percent. Maybe
plus or minus 20 percent accurate is about as good as anybody does. The
more important question is what do we want to do about that. Do we want
to in effect take responsibility for air travel emissions that this community
generates? If so, then we need to start thinking about this is a realm where
we don't have control over the technology, we do have a conversation in the
community about the personal choices about how we travel.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. I was thinking, reading this, that for a couple of
years or so at least, I don't remember the name of the book anymore, but
there were other models. I could go online and calculate your own carbon
impact, your own carbon footprint. We don't promote that or even mention


04/20/2015                                                             117- 304
