                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 6-14, 16-18 PASSED: 8-0 Burt
absent

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 15 PASSED:                       7-0 Kniss not
participating, Burt absent

Action Items
19.   Adoption of an Ordinance 5355 Entitled, “Ordinance of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Adding Chapter 4.62 to Title 4 (Business Licenses
      and Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Adopt a Citywide
      Minimum Wage for Palo Alto Employees (FIRST READING: August 24,
      2015, PASSED 9-0).”

Mayor Holman: We move to Item Number 19 as the first item under Action.
Council Member Scharff, since you were the first to move to pull this item,
would you care to speak?

Council Member Scharff: I would. First of all, I want to thank the restaurant
people for coming out tonight. First of all, I want to say that I want us to
pass this ordinance tonight in its exact form, the way it is. I hope we'll do
that tonight. I think that we had a long discussion about that. We didn't
have the input from the restaurant groups. I think that's a little bit on you
guys out there. You weren't here; the restaurants weren't before us,
weren't talking about it. I hope you'll engage in the process in the future.
To that end, what I'd like to see us do is to direct Policy and Services to
have a discussion as soon as possible about this, which would give you all an
opportunity to come forward and speak to Policy and Services, have them
understand your concerns, have them review it. Then come back to Council
with the issue of whether or not we should amend this ordinance which will
be in effect by then, frankly, and then you can talk about how it's affected
your business, if there is an effect, if there's not an effect. At which point,
the Council can then consider whether or not we should have an amendment
to the ordinance to exclude tipped employees. To that extent, I'd like to
make the motion that we approve the ordinance as written and that we
direct the Policy and Services have a discussion as soon as possible about
whether we should amend the ordinance to exclude tipped employees and
provide a recommendation to Council.

Council Member Kniss: Second.
MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded Council Member Kniss
to adopt the Ordinance and direct the Policy and Services Committee to
discuss exploring the option of excluding tipped employees as soon as
possible.

                                                                       Page 56 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
