                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I think that would be under "B(ii)" which is that
Scenario 1.

Council Member Burt: Okay.

Mayor Holman: It sounds like that's agreeable. Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Just evaluate.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part B, Subsection (ii)(b),
“expanding wireless to retail areas in North and South Palo Alto.”

Council Member Burt: Council Member Wolbach mentioned the Downtown
and Cal. Ave., and those are our—Cal. Ave.'s not our second largest retail
area, actually Stanford Shopping Center is. We have other retail areas
throughout the City that we really need to embrace having that service, in
the neighborhood shopping centers, in the south El Camino area, so that we
really are not just thinking kind of Downtown and Cal. Ave. centric. That's
all I have.

Council Member Scharff: I'm a little uncomfortable with Council adopting a
goal of creating a ubiquitous fiber network in Palo Alto reaching all
residences with City ownership at this point. That might be our goal in
February depending on what other providers provide. It might be a goal
depending on—I mean, I think it depends somewhat on what kind of
partnerships we can do. I'm not sure how prescriptive it is to have a goal to
do that when there may be other partnerships that work equally well
depending on what information they come back with. I mean, if we're going
to have three people in this market, I'm not sure we're going to vote to build
out a fiber network in Palo Alto. I mean, I'm not sure that makes sense. I'd
rather us revisit this goal issue in February, frankly, when we have more
information and get more information, so we have a sense of where we want
to go. I don't know how you feel about maybe saying Council will come back
and look at what the goal should be. I think we could have a whole meeting
on goals frankly in February on this and figure that issue out. I think it's
premature to set that goal now. I'd ask you if you would just sort of say
let's come back and do a goal session early next year, where we look at this
issue again, we can have more information and we work towards that.

Mayor Holman: Can you offer language for an amendment?

                                                                       Page 50 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
