                             MINUTES
Mr. Keene would report more specifically regarding a return date after the
meeting. Without analysis, the Council wanted Staff to consider alternatives
and implications. If the Council utilized the Motion to direct Staff to prepare
an Interim Ordinance, there would be many factors. Over the next week or
two, Staff would provide the Council a definitive schedule.

Council Member Berman could not imagine the Council would reach any
definitive conclusions regarding issues prior to the Summit. He would be
surprised if the Council adopted an Ordinance prior to the Council Break. He
inquired about delays to other initiatives while Staff worked on these issues.

Mr. Keene was sure the Council would not provide new directives for other
initiatives.

Mayor Holman noted the Motion directed Staff to provide information for
interim measures.

Council Member Berman stated the goal was to have an Ordinance that
instituted a cap. To draft that Ordinance, the Council would have to discuss
all issues.

Mayor Holman advised the Council not to expect to know every impact of
every single consideration before adopting an Ordinance.

Council Member Berman understood an interim cap would inform the
Comprehensive Plan; therefore, the Council would need some results. He
was not opposed to some provisions of the Motion; but he did not believe
those measures would reduce the amount of traffic and alleviate the lack of
parking.

Vice Mayor Schmid recalled that PlaceWorks would review fiscal impacts of
Comprehensive Plan scenarios. He asked if they would consider this as a
focal point in their work.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the contract with PlaceWorks was for a fiscal
analysis of the Comprehensive Plan Update. The Motion concerned an
Interim Ordinance that would precede the Comprehensive Plan Update and
would not be included in the Comprehensive Plan.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the description indicated PlaceWorks would review
alternatives identified for the Comprehensive Plan; yet, no alternatives had
been identified for the Comprehensive Plan. The Motion provided a concrete
alternative. He asked what PlaceWorks would review.




03/23/2015                                                             117- 141
