                          TRANSCRIPT

because of the construction over there. It seems to be working pretty well,
so I'm wondering if that's something that we could look at longer term
instead of kind of reopening that crosswalk. The last question is about the
NACTO Guidelines which we're adopting later tonight. It seems like a lot of
those are urban environments. I'm wondering how they get applied in
suburban areas of the City. I know like on the Bryant Street boulevard in
Old Palo Alto, I think we decided not to paint as many green sharrows. Parts
of the guidelines say they're mandatory, but in our ordinance, it says we're
going to determine the best solution. I'm just wondering how we weigh
those things out. That's it.

Mr. Mello: First question was are we going to collect car data with the
Downtown circulation study. The answer is yes. I think there's going to be
some key decision points where we have to look at where we prioritize the
use of the roadway, specific streets Downtown. Having the motor vehicle
data is going to be a very key point of data that we need to make those
decisions.

Council Member DuBois: Also, the idea of like looking for continuous data
sources rather than measuring at certain points in time.

Mr. Mello: The new bike and ped counters that are being installed around
the different schools will be a continuous stream of data. The new traffic
signal system will count motor vehicle volumes at all of the intersections on
a continuing basis as well as bicyclists and pedestrians that are actuating the
signals. The clearing house that I'd like to investigate would attempt to
consolidate all of that continuous data and make it usable for City Staff and
the general public when we get to key decision points. In regard to
sharrows and green pavement markings, we're going to be much more
deliberative about that moving forward. I don't think on local streets the
likelihood of those being appropriate is fairly slim. I think we're going to
look more at collector streets and arterials and high-conflict zones, at right-
turn lanes where bicyclists and motor vehicles are mixing. Those are the
kind of areas where you want to have enhanced pavement markings and use
green pavement markings. The bike bridge, this is the Adobe Creek/101
bike bridge. If you look at the map that's on the slide there—do we have a
laser pointer?

Council Member DuBois: I don't think anything connects to it.

Mr. Mello:     Both the San Antonio enhanced bikeway and the
Louis/Montrose/Cubberley Bike Boulevard Projects that were funded through
                                                                         Page 15 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
