                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Open space and habitat, isn't that already a
subset of Natural Resources Conservation? Isn't that a logical subset?

Mayor Holman: Not necessarily.

Council Member Berman: My frustration right now is I feel like the Chair has
been very impatient with others and cited the Council for wordsmithing. I
feel like this is that. It's pretty clear that it would fall under that, and I don't
think it's a necessary addition to theM.

Council Member Scharff: My concern is similar in that we're being very
prescriptive about who's on this. Before we were looking at roughly 20
people, 17, 3 ex officio. We're going to have some with affordable housing,
natural resources, community health, environmental sustainability, real
estate, transportation and mobility, architecture and urban design and
business and economics. We could break each of these down into a
separate skill set. I could make some Amendments, and I may do that. I'm
thinking about it as we do this. What we're doing is being way too
prescriptive, and that's why I said no.

Mayor Holman: Probably there are a lot of people who could satisfy
expertise in the three things, Natural Resources Conservation, open space
and habitat, but not necessarily some who's talking about Natural Resources
Conservation would have open space and habitat expertise. That's why I
wanted to add that.

Mr. Keene: That's at the higher level of detail than you've broken it down in
the other ones. You're not asking for a particular kind of real estate
experience. I don't want to be held accountable for who we would select.
We catch the drift of the conversation without it having to get spelled out. It
just creates conflict amongst the Council.

Mayor Holman: We've gone into quite a bit of detail in several of these.
This is the one addition I've proposed on any of this. The Amendment on
the floor is to expand Natural Resources Conversation category to include
expertise in open space and habitat. Vote on the board please. That passes
on a 5-3 vote. Council Members Berman, Scharff and Wolbach voting no.
Council Member Kniss not participating.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-3 Berman, Scharff, Wolbach no, Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: Vote on the main Motion. That passes unanimously on an
8-0 vote with Council Member Kniss not participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent
                                                                            Page 122 of 123
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/18/2015
