                         TRANSCRIPT
with a fee that's been in the budget related to the single-story overlay. The
second one expands this and understandably. It could be a big discussion
about all sorts of conservation and preservation and different zoning
changes. One, it could be quite complex. Two, the question is whether it's
adequately noticed at this point for this piece of work. Lastly, going back to
this time issue, Lalo and I were just talking. Maybe the best thing is to not
refer this to a Committee and have it come back to the Council, maybe
you're January 29th meeting to give us a little more time.

Mayor Holman: I think you mean June 29th, right?

Mr. Keene: June 29th, excuse me. Is one way that the whole Council gets to
be engaged and you have the potential to take action rather than
sequencing stuff anyway to a Committee and then having to get it back to
the Council. Just a thought.

Council Member DuBois: That's a good idea. Can I amend my own Motion?
Instead of bring it back to Finance, bring it back to Council. Was it June
29th?

Mayor Holman: June 29.

Council Member DuBois: If the description on the second part is overly
broad, I would be open to proposed language to narrow that.

Ms. Stump: This is a sound approach to simply direct Staff to place an item
back on your agenda, so that it can be noticed. No policy discussion on this
question has been noticed for this evening, so it is appropriate to focus on
the fee issue which is a part of your budget. You can take action on that
tonight. To bring back the topic, noticed broadly enough to allow a policy
discussion and then various ideas can be explored by the Council with proper
notice to the public at that point.

Council Member DuBois: Does it have to be noticed to come to Council first
to get referred to Policy and Services?

Ms. Stump: It would be fine for you as a Council to refer it to Policy and
Services as a topic. I would encourage not a lot of direction about the
substantive content. Again no policy discussion's been noticed for this
evening.

Council Member DuBois: Yes, that's what I’m suggesting. Could this be
narrowed to say "direct Policy and Services to evaluate the SSO Ordinance?"

Council Member Burt: That's different.

                                                                        Page 53 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
