                         TRANSCRIPT
follow-up committees. I thought there was going to be a series of open
committees where people could say, "I want to talk about transportation or
natural resources," and there'd be a focus committee on that. Then you had
a structure where each month after the break there would be a Council
meeting and a committee meeting going on, so there'd be interactions
between those committees. Did I get that right?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question, Vice Mayor Schmid. What we
were trying to show is that there would be community meetings; we called
them working sessions, scheduled in advance on each of these topics. It
wouldn't be that there would be a committee created for each one.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Right. It was an open committee, so anyone could go
to a topic of their interest.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid: There might be several meetings of a committee on a
single topic?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. Some elements or topics are going to take
multiple meetings. Some are maybe going to be faster than others.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It seems this is going in a different direction, where we
end up with a single committee that is not open in the sense that anyone
can join it and participate. The interaction with the Council, would you still
schedule monthly meetings? How would the Council interact in the process?

Ms. Gitelman:        The structure that we showed had the Council acting
independently on issues that ultimately provide guidance to the committee.
The Council was talking about some of the big issues and ideas that need to
be fed into the committee's work or the community working group's work. I
don't see that that would change, and we would still have this challenge of
regular check-ins, finding a way to walk back and forth between the two
parallel activities.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm much attracted to your earlier idea of using the
Summit as a recruiting tool for a large pool of people who are free to follow
up in areas of interest to them with the continual interaction of the Council.
I see getting a committee of stakeholders as narrowing that. Stakeholders
are good when you have a technical, focused topic. On something as
important as the Comp Plan, I would think that is too much of a narrowing.
I'd probably vote against it.



                                                                         Page 50 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
