                          TRANSCRIPT
fact that this only references excluding tipped employees, because we
discussed in the initial motion that it would be a more robust discussion
about different industries that might be affected. I also think that we heard
from Staff when we discussed this last time, that this is something that they
need to do research to be able to come back to us with information so that
we can actually have a knowledgeable, deliberate conversation about it. I
want to make sure that we don't short circuit that. This isn't something that
is simple. Exempting a classification of workers isn't something that doesn't
have possible legal ramifications. There's a reason that no other city in
California has done it. I'm not saying I'm opposed to it. I agreed earlier
that we need to have a conversation about it, and I think we do. But we
need to give Staff the time necessary to do the research necessary so that
we can have an informed conversation about it. That was what the initial
motion said. I was very comfortable with that motion. This is now the third
conversation that I'm having as a Council Member on this, and it's the
second for the full Council, so I'm very comfortable with the initial motion as
was passed unanimously earlier.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speaking to the amendment.

Council Member Kniss: Speaking to the amendment, I'm going to vote
against the amendment because, I think, this amendment really discusses
timing. The other amendment, I think, discusses that there will be the
possibility of discussing that. It doesn't talk about when. As City Manager
Keene said, this would put some urgency into it. Otherwise, it may go on for
some period of time.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights associated with the amendment ...
It's kind of hard to ...

Council Member Kniss: You know what? It's thrown off probably because I
moved.

Mayor Holman: It is. Is that your light, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, to the amendment.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, to the amendment. First one point for the
public. Policy and Services is a subset of Council Members; that's four
Council Members. In case that wasn't clear. I have the same concern on
the amendment, in that earlier we were talking about considering more
broad categories of exemption. I think this is very narrow. I agree with
Council Member Kniss that this is about timing. That's one thing. I think
                                                                       Page 59 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
