                         TRANSCRIPT
point I would like to make is just that I think the 2,000 limit should be
viewed as a goal not as a cap. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Russ Cohen, followed by
Lydia Callaghan.

Russ Cohen: Honorable members of the Council, Russ Cohen, Executive
Director of the Palo Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association. I
have recently outlined concerns regarding the expansion of the RPP Zone
and the possible capping of employee permits in a letter you have before
you. There are very specific concerns and observations listed in my letter I
will not repeat here. In short, while I was not a member of the stakeholders
group, I did attend almost every meeting of the stakeholders group.
Recognizing that the business community has worked collaboratively with
the City on the RPP Program because we recognize the problem. We want
RPP to be successful not only for the residents but for the business
community as well. However, expanding the RPP Zone and/or capping the
number of employee permits and reducing the number of permits over time
will restrict parking even further for employees who can least afford the cost
nor the added inconvenience that these actions will put an undue hardship
on this sector of employee. In turn, working in Downtown Palo Alto would
become more difficult. In turn, attracting employees and running a business
will become more difficult. In turn, opening a business will become so
difficult in the future that Downtown Palo Alto will no longer be an attractive
option. Let us avoid "parkageddon." I strongly urge you to neither expand
the RPP Zone during Phase 1's data gathering period nor cap the sales of
permits for employees in order to avoid the consequences. Let us continue
to reap the rewards of a thriving Downtown. Let us not peck to death the
goose that laid the golden egg. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Lydia Callaghan, followed
by Judy Kleinberg.

Lydia Callaghan: Hello, good evening everyone, good evening Vice Mayor,
Council, Staff. Thank you, Sue-Ellen, so much for your hard work and
presentation. I'm here with my neighbors. We submitted a petition for the
800 and 900 blocks of Hamilton Avenue and the 500 and 600 blocks of
Seneca. While I love our Downtown and development, when RPP Phase 1
started in September, it was like someone flipped a switch. Our blocks
became so congested. I actually relocated here from Brooklyn Heights. It
suddenly felt like I was back in New York City. Mainly we wanted to speak
to the safety issues that we feel this causes and to really urge you to
consider the proposed boundary extension of the RPP. Our driveways have
been blocked. People park right up against the driveway. There's been a lot

                                                                       Page 42 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
