                         TRANSCRIPT
Rebecca Thompson: Good evening. I'm Rebecca Thompson, and I live in
the Los Arboles neighborhood, which is near Loma Verde and Middlefield.
We are also an all Eichler neighborhood. We would like to apply for a
second-story overlay zone change. I have in my hand signatures from more
than 70 percent of our homeowners, and we expect to receive several more
due to people being on vacation and so on. These are citizens that want
protection for our original and increasingly rare Eichler neighborhood. A
large majority of homeowners in my neighborhood do support this single-
story overlay, but not the application fee. The roughly $9,000 fee, which is
what has been explained to us it will cost, is truly cumbersome and time
consuming to collect. Many of our longtime residents balked at the fee when
they heard about it, because they thought they were already protected from
an effort that had happened in the 1990s where over 85 percent of our
neighborhood signed on to support a single-story overlay. At that time, I
understand from the gentleman who collected the signatures that the City
stopped granting single-story overlays, and so the project ended. Many of
our residents are original Eichler owners. They've lived in the neighborhood
since 1960. They're on fixed incomes, and for them the fee is burdensome.
Asking them to pay or asking the others in our neighborhood who have more
resources to cover the shortfall has become a very uncomfortable topic
among our neighborhood. In essence, the fee is the only barrier to our
moving forward with this single-story overlay. It's broadly supported.
There's a significant community benefit in preserving the character and
privacy in neighborhoods, several of who are represented here tonight,
where the vast majority of residents are in favor of this change.
Thoughtfully planned Eichler neighborhoods are a very important part of the
California modern architectural legacy. This is being protected elsewhere in
the state. We respectfully ask the City to recognize this legacy and the will
of the people in our neighborhoods and waive the single-story overlay fee.
In weighing this request among your other priorities, please consider that
the fee was waived for the Allen Court single-story overlay zone change in
2004, so there is a history of waiving the fee for this particular issue. We
also do think it will save Staff resources, because it would eliminate lengthy
appeals of pending second-story homes. Thank you for your consideration.
We're looking to go forward and looking to our leadership on the City Council
and in the Planning Department to remove our obstacles to move forward.

Ben Lerner:    Good evening.     I'm Ben Lerner from the Palo Verde
neighborhood in south Palo Alto. I've come to address you tonight about
what you've already heard, about an urgent need to protect Palo Alto's
Eichler homes and other homes in the mid-century modern architectural
style from demolition and replacement. Eichler homes were designed to
create a neighborhood with community feeling and backyard privacy.
Through our front doors, we have easy access to our neighbors while our
                                                                       Page 28 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
