                         TRANSCRIPT
parking space. I would encourage you to look at how this $300 could be
more effective if it reduced demand for the parking spaces in the first place.
The TMA has established that low-income workers are offered bus subsidies
and Caltrain passes. If they are given that option, they prefer to take transit
over driving in and out of our City. For instance, the Epiphany Hotel offered
its employees subsidies for Caltrain passes, and 25 percent of the employees
are now using Caltrain because of the discount that's available to them.
Richard Wilson, one of the world's most esteemed parking experts,
addressed Palo Alto Forward a few months ago and said that before any
additional parking was developed, we need to survey the much underutilized
parking that already exists in many places in Downtown Palo Alto, and it's
been overlooked. For instance, near my house, within about two blocks of
my house, there are lots of office buildings, usually converted garages, that
have a lot of excess parking. Perhaps some of that money, the $300 a
month, could be used to lease some of those existing parking spaces. The
stated purpose of the study is to build more parking to lessen the impact of
parking on the neighborhood streets, which the RPP seems to be doing quite
an effective job, especially in these nascent stages. There's also data that
shows that there's often a first-mile problem for potential Caltrain
commuters. The TMA is about to embark on a program with Lyft as a
partner to discount rides to Caltrain along the corridor and deal with the
first-mile problem. We should evaluate what the effectiveness is of this and
other innovative programs that are in the works so that Council will be
spending the citizens' money wisely and effectively. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Neilson Buchanan to be followed by
Vanessa Warheit.

Neilson Buchanan, speaking to Agenda Item Number 4: Thank you, Mayor
Holman. I'm really disappointed. I was hoping I'd follow Chop or Russ
Cohen so I'd have something really to say. What the previous speaker said,
I wanted to say exactly the same thing. I made my notes, and it almost
goes in the same sequence. I spent last night looking at the world reaction
to efforts to change the environment and energy consumption. If China and
Texas and other people are going to all put an oar in the ground and try to
change the way we consume energy, I think this is the time that the
battleship Palo Alto, the most nimble organization in the whole United
States, can change its direction. Building another garage makes absolutely
no sense to me. It's one of the great ironies of tonight, that I'm up here
talking about stopping a garage after I've worked so hard to get permit
parking started. I don't see that the garage is part of the solution for
neighborhood quality at all. The garage is only going to attract more cars
like bees come to honey. The Council has an option to divert that design for
the parking lot into a different use. I think this is a great opportunity to
                                                                       Page 18 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
