                         TRANSCRIPT
to have it. It'll be at the end of the PowerPoint as well. First, let me just
quickly go over an outline of what we will cover today. The scope of the
Green Building and Energy Code Ordinance. We'll explain what are the two
Ordinances that we're asking the Council to make findings and provide a
motion on. We'll go through the background of the green building and
energy policies here in Palo Alto. We'll quickly go over our leadership
awards in sustainability. We'll talk about a timeline relative to green
building and net zero energy as it relates to the State. We'll quickly go over
our Energy Reach Code Ordinance proposal with the changes, which at that
point I'll hand it off to Melanie Jacobsen. She'll review that as well as our
Green Building Code Ordinance proposed changes, which as you should
know reflect the changes recommended by the Policy and Services. Since
then we've been busy and hard at work meeting again with the Green
Building Advisory Group. Those members that had submitted comments, we
reached across and collaborated with them again, met with the Green
Building Advisory Group two times since the time we met with Policy and
Services and incorporated those findings and recommendations into the
work that you have before you tonight. Finally, we'll go over quickly the
future policy priorities as we move into a quick turnaround from this meeting
and revisit our Green Building and Energy Code yet again in preparation for
when this next Code cycle comes back around, practically a year from this
June. With that, let's quickly go over it. The Green Building Ordinance
versus the Energy Code.         There's two Ordinances.     They're separate
chapters of the Building Code. The first is the Green Building Ordinance
which covers site design, water efficiency, materials, etc. Second and apart
from that is the Energy Code. It's a separate part of the Building Code, Part
six. It covers energy efficiency and energy efficiency only. Unlike the Green
Building Code, we need to make findings in order to enforce the Reach Code,
as we refer to it. You'll hear that terminology being used when we're
exceeding the minimum base Code. In order to enforce a Reach Code, you
need to do a Cost Effectiveness Study and file such study with the California
Energy Commission which is what we've done with the help of TRC. With
that, the quick background. The history of the Green Building and Energy
Ordinance takes us back to 2008, when the State offered its Green Building
Code as optional.        We, in fact, took that upon ourselves, being the
innovative City that we are, and enforced it. Since then we've continued to
raise the bar, doing Energy Reach Codes, green building amendments,
modifications to that Code, making local amendments to that body of work
and enforcing it more rigorous every year and every Code cycle and mid-
Code cycle. Before you today is another revision to the Green Building and
Energy Code. We don't shy away from stretching ourselves to ensure that
our green building stock, both existing as well as new, not only meets but
exceeds both State and national standards. The Green Building Advisory
Group that we refer to as the GBAG, has been meeting for over a year,

04/20/2015                                                             117- 325
