                          TRANSCRIPT
Services Committee. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 6-3 vote
with Council Members Berman, Scharff and Kniss voting no.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-3 Berman, Kniss, Scharff no

Council Member Kniss: I would love it at some point we would pursue the
Brown Act. I doubt that it's ever going to happen. It's something we've all
talked about in elected office for years. I find it offensive and continue to do
so and will speak out whenever I have a chance.

Mayor Holman: I have a question about Prop 13 advocacy that is referenced
there. My concern has been and continues to be about that reform. I
certainly appreciate there needs to be some reform. My concern is if there's
anything in there that protects property owners who rent to retail space. My
concern is that there is a carry forward of the increased property tax, such
that there would be a negative impact on retail, especially local independent
businesses. I'm wondering if there's anything included in that legislation at
this point in time that preserves and protects a lower rent base rather than a
carry forward.

Mr. De Luca: I will check that. I understand where you're coming from. I
do know that SCA 5 is more along the lines of protecting residential property
owners and was directed more towards the Disneylands or the Chevrons.
Let me check that on the smaller retail establishments.

Mayor Holman: When it comes to a vote on these, I will have a qualified
positive vote on that. That is a major concern of mine, because so many of
the leases include a carry forward of all the costs. At this second, I'm
forgetting what they're called. Triple net leases which carry forward all of
those costs that the property owner bears, and they carry them forward to
the tenant. I'll make a motion here. Our legislative advocate promote or
advocate for protections for retail tenancy related to Prop 13 commercial
property reform. Looking for a second to that, as we have just passed our
Urgency Ordinance to protect retail. I see no second.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure I understand that. Can you explain a
little bit further?

Mayor Holman: I've seen nothing in this reform that gives any kind of Prop
13 reform window, if you will, that would allow the increased property taxes
to consider what the use is in a commercial building. Most of the leases that
I'm aware of in commercial properties are triple net. If there's an increase
in property taxes as a result of this legislation, my concern is that those
increased property taxes are going to be carried forward and impact retail

                                                                          Page 55 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
