                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Maybe Tom's got this, because I'm going to run out
of time.

Mr. Asp: The example that we brought out was with the AT&T GigaPower.
In markets without Google competition, it's 110. In markets with Google
Fiber, they do it at 70. That's just an example.

Council Member Burt: That's 40. Let me just do quick math. At $40 and if
it was 20,000—keeping my own time. If it was 20,000 households at $40
savings, that's almost—what's that? About $10 million a year in savings to
residents that would accrue as a result of competition. When we are looking
at costs, we have the costs to the City government or to the Enterprise
Fund, and then we have the cost to our residents and our users, both
business and residential. I think we need to look at both of those costs.
The cost avoidance to everybody who lives and works here versus the direct
cost of operating that system. I'm going to want to look at that comparison,
because I think it's a real vital one that hasn't really been getting discussed.

Mr. Asp: I think in that case, one of the challenges there is how do you
monetize a customer savings on an enterprise balance sheet.

Council Member Burt: Yeah, but I'll add that it's not just the savings,
because we also know that the competition drives better service. It's yes
plus, not yes minus.

Ms. Hovis: The positive externalities are more than we can even begin to
calculate. We completely agree with you. What you gave here is a fine
illustration.

Council Member Burt: Even because we cannot precisely calculate them and
there are going to be ones that way, I want to make sure that we don't
dismiss them or say that they can't be quantified. I think we quantify a lot
of things within ranges, with qualifiers on variables. I think we must
attempt to quantify it within whatever range and sets of qualifiers we place
there.

Mayor Holman:     To be fair, if you have another question, you should also
ask it.

Council Member Burt: Pardon me?


                                                                         Page 39 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
