                          TRANSCRIPT
to say thank you very much for that. I also wanted to ask you a little bit
about what the Legislature is thinking about this ABAG/MTC split. I know a
couple of your colleagues put in some legislation on that. I thought if you
had any thought if it would go anywhere or what your take on that is.

Mr. Gordon: We have a Bay Area Caucus, the elected members of the
Senate and the Assembly in the nine Bay Area counties. It's the same
jurisdiction that matches ABAG and MTC. We are looking at trying to find
some vehicle to hold a hearing on this issue, probably through either our
regular committee on transportation or we have a Select Committee on
transportation in the Bay Area. I would say that the majority of my
colleagues in the Caucus are of the mind that we probably ought to be
looking at how to get to one central planning agency for the region. I think
we're very split on how you get there and whether it be along the lines that
MTC is proposing which is essentially they take over the planning function or
whether it would be done through the formation of some brand new entity
that would take over the duties of both of the current bodies. It is
something that we're very aware of. The legislation that was introduced by
my colleague, Marc Levine from Marin County, was introduced really as a
vehicle to allow the Legislature to have some conversation about this. He is
more interested in the conversation, candidly, than what the outcome might
be. There is a proposal in that legislation that would require for a new
organization to be created, but that the members would be elected by the
citizens rather than the current process which allows for delegation from city
councils and already elected officials. That proposal I don't think has a lot of
support in the delegation at all, but some process of trying to bring
something together does.

Council Member Scharff: Do you think the Legislature will be the ones to
make that decision or do you think it'll be ABAG/MTC as they work things
out and come to their own agreement or it's unclear?

Mr. Gordon: It's unclear. The Legislature does have some authority over
the construct of MTC. It has less authority over the construct of ABAG.
ABAG was more of a voluntary organization of the various jurisdictions. I
think that we're hopeful that there will be continued discussions. I know
that with some of my colleagues in the Bay Area today, this afternoon over
in Oakland, several of them have a meeting coming up with Steve Heminger
from MTC. I know there's discussions going on, and we plan to be actively
engaged in some way.

Council Member Scharff: You touched on it briefly, but another topic in
terms of Caltrain. I think we would always like to see a separate funding
source for Caltrain. It has its own funding source, so it's not at the whims of

                                                                        Page 10 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
