                              MINUTES
Council Member Kniss requested as many depictions of the site as possible
when Agenda Item Number 6 returned to the Council.

Action Items

11.   Council Update Regarding City’s Technology and the Connected City
      Initiative, Including the Status of the City’s Participation in the Google
      Fiber City Checklist Process; and Approval of and Authorization for the
      City Manager to Execute Two Professional Services Contracts with
      Columbia Telecommunications dba CTC Technology & Energy for
      Consulting Services for (1) a Fiber-to-the-Premise Master Plan in an
      Amount Not-to-Exceed $144,944 and (2) a Complementary Wireless
      Network Plan in an Amount Not-to-Exceed $131,650; and Adoption of
      a Related Budget Amendment Ordinance 5302 entitled “Budget
      Amendment Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto in the
      Fiber Optics Fund in the Amount of $276,594.”

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer, indicated Staff would provide
an overview of broadband in the United States; a recommendation for a
consulting firm to conduct a Fiber to the Premises (FTTP) and wireless
engineering study and to discuss various business models should the City
choose to pursue both; and provide a summary of Google Fiber.

Jim Fleming, Senior Management Analyst, provided a general overview of
key issues affecting broadband throughout the country. Seven items were
the most important things occurring in the nation. First was the continuing
consolidation of the telecommunications industry.           Second was the
emergence of over-the-top internet streaming services such as Netflix and
Amazon resulting in cord cutting or cord shaving from traditional pay TV
services. Third was the continuing decline of the landline telephone business
and the explosion of smartphones, tablets and other devices. A subset of
that was the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) ongoing auction
of the wireless spectrum.       Fourth was the Internet of Things, the
interconnection of embedded computing devices within the existing internet
structure. Fifth was the net neutrality debate. Sixth was the re-emergence
of interest in community-owned broadband networks. Seventh was the
emergence of Google Fiber which resulted in incumbent internet service
providers (ISP) upgrading their networks. A wide range of factors drove the
decision to deploy a network, from the cost of construction and operation to
the demand for service. Recommended steps for becoming a fiber-ready
community included determining community and local government interest;
ensuring the commitment of community stakeholders; developing expedited
permitting and inspections processes; facilitating access to existing
infrastructure; making access to public rights-of-way reasonable; proactively


02/02/2015                                                              116- 437
