                          TRANSCRIPT
could really go. Two more ideas. By no means am I proposing this, but if
Palo Alto goes in the path of undergrounding the railroad, there's two things
that I would propose. Both of them have to do with economy of scale. The
first one is that you share one project and all of its associated costs with the
three cities, Palo Alto, Menlo Park and Atherton.                  In essence,
undergrounding the railroad from the borderline of Redwood City all the way
to the borderline of Mountain View. It's purely economy of scale. The
second one is—this is more a negotiation point—to price out, and make sure
you hear me right, a two-track underground option, really truly two-track—
the ones that High Speed Rail hates—with the option of splitting the costs of
a four-track option with High Speed Rail, assuming they decide to contribute
money. Cost it out as two, give them the option to split the cost. If they
do, make it a four. All of a sudden you're sharing the cost of the endeavor.
Again, both of these are economy of scale. I'm just throwing out these ideas
for in the future. I encourage you to think about it. Thanks. Bye.

Stephen Rosenblum: Hello. My name's Stephen Rosenblum. I'm a Palo
Alto resident as well. I've been here many times on issues of Caltrain and
High Speed Rail in the past. I'm very happy to see High Speed Rail is
coming. I'd also like to commend Council and Staff for their strong support
of grade separation. I think it's a critical issue for the future of Palo Alto.
Whatever gets built will be with us for 100 years into the future. I don't see
Palo Alto with its high real estate values having trains on the surface with
more noise and rattling noise, trains running at 110 miles an hour, starting
at two trains per hour in each direction. If it's successful, it could be many
more, and the gates will be down all the time. We know already from the
Caltrain studies for electrification that just adding one more train per hour in
the rush hour essentially puts the gates down 90 percent of the time at
some of our crossings. When High Speed Rail comes, people won't be able
to cross the tracks at all. I think there's no sense in an at-grade High Speed
Rail. I think Palo Alto should insist that there be grade separation. I think
trenching to me certainly is the best option. The question of whether it's an
open trench or a covered trench should be thought about. With a covered
trench, you can recover the real estate over the trench. Considering that
Palo Alto real estate is $20 million an acre, if that money could be
recaptured through some agency and used for commercial or residential
development, bicycle paths, something like that, I think that would be really
a great improvement to the City's environment rather than more noise and
more detriment. Thank you.

Neil Shea: I first moved to the City 30 years ago. I work in high tech; I live
Downtown here. I want to commend the Council and the Staff for all of your
work on grade separations. I think it's very timely. I think we're forming a
consensus that we need to have grade separations, both because of the
                                                                          Page 11 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
