                         TRANSCRIPT
increasing volume of how we use this vital railroad line and because we want
to be able to get across town, both pedestrians and cars. I do think it's
important to be cost conscious here. I think some of the ideas suggested
are quickly going to go into the billions of dollars. I don't believe that, as
much as we need a fair share of any new county tax revenue and as much
as it probably doesn't make sense to take expensive BART to Santa Clara,
we need to be very cautious and very reasonable. I'm concerned that last
year's study explicitly gave instructions not to look at a hybrid crossing
option. Where I am, right by the Palo Alto Medical pedestrian crossing, the
train runs about 3 feet above grade. Just over the creek in Menlo Park, the
train runs about 6 feet above grade. When you start to make scenarios like
that, you can very easily get pedestrians under the train at many places.
It's very cost effective, and streets can just be depressed a small amount
and reducing property takes and reducing costs. I think if we talk to
residents of Belmont, San Carlos, people don't really have complaints there.
I understand there's a lot of nervousness in town, and there's this strong
emotional feeling that if we don't build a billion dollar trench, something
terrible will happen.      I encourage us to study all alternatives, and
particularly to study cost effectively. The idea that we are going to remove
the University Avenue undercrossing and the Embarcadero Road
undercrossing and replace them with a trench, I think, is not practical. The
study last year talks about a 2 percent grade which is not allowed by current
conditions, so that $1/2 billion estimate assumes that we're going to get a
waiver for that. By the way, I do support High Speed Rail; I think we need
more transportation options. I think as our economy grows people want to
be taking the trains. I would even encourage us to reconsider someday at
the right time having a station in town. I thank you for your work on this.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. Adina Levin with Friends of
Caltrain. As many people have said, thank you very much for the attention
to this issue and really working on grade separations. I just came up from
San Jose and, fortunately, the train that I was on was the first train on time
out of Diridon. There were a lot of delays. The need for grade separations
is something that affects—it's a safety and security issue and also an issue
to having reliable service and over time being able to get more commute
service in our corridor over time. I'd like to make three comments starting
with the most specific and stepping back to more general. The first question
in terms of getting funding from the VTA ballot measure. I do think that
there is some concern about making sure that Palo Alto gets a fair share and
would like to make a recommendation about how to do that. That would be
looking at the process that San Mateo County has been using for 20 years,
where they funded seven grade separations over those last 20 years. They
have a two-phase process where they have a call where all the different
cities will apply and get funding for design. A few years later, when they
                                                                         Page 12 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
