                          TRANSCRIPT
will have significant volatility. The less volatility, the lower the long-term
expected return. The lower the long-term expected return, the higher the
cash contributions have to be, if you will. Slide 2, again I'm going to go
through some of these slides relatively quickly. This is the history of
CalPERS' market value rate of return. What you really see is that volatility
on a market value basis. Great returns in the late '90s. Crummy returns
due to the dot-com bubble, if you will, in the early 2000s. Great, crummy,
great, crummy. You kind of go through these two, three, four years of
investment return cycle. When the old method was smoothing that over a
15-year period, you didn't see that big of an impact on your contribution
rate. Because the rates now will be based on market value, you will see
much, much more volatile contribution rates on a go forward basis. Not only
will you see your unfunded liability being more volatile, but you will see your
contribution rate. That word, that "the" word, the volatility, it just is
something we're all going to need to live with, if you will. Slide 3 really just
shows a couple of snapshots of the history. I'm going to take a look in
particular at the number of active employees at 2013, 789. You had 989
folks in payment status.        This is your non-Safety Plan; this is your
Miscellaneous Plan. That is a large number of retirees compared to active
employees. That's really indicative of the maturity of this City as well as
CalPERS in particular. Slide 4, there's really two bars on Slide 4 you should
really look at. I guess I'd call it the light red line; that's the number of
active employees. Even though there's a bit of a wave there, increase,
decrease, it's relatively stable over this period of time. The one line that is
not stable is that dark blue line. That's the dark blue line, indicates the
number of people receiving benefit payments. Relatively low compared to
actives back in '94, and now you see more people receiving benefit
payments than active employees. Even more dramatic when we get to
Safety. If we look at the 184 actives compared to 400 folks receiving
benefits, so Safety is a more interesting case. Non-Safety folks, you have a
fair number of non-Safety folks that really don't work their full career here.
Safety, much, much more common. Not only do you have twice as many
people receiving benefit payments, but their benefits are by and large career
level benefit payments. What that means is a very large portion of your
liability for Safety belongs to people who are no longer working at the City.
This whole issue of what I'll call, you can call it sort of whatever you want,
but the maturity of the plan, you have a large portion of your liability and
consequently a portion of your unfunded liability for people who are not
rendering service to today's taxpayer. Taxpayer generationally equitable
contribution becomes all related to that. You can really see that blue line
really going up, the number of active folks relatively stable, and you're now
in the position where more than twice as many people are receiving a
benefit as active employees rendering service. Slide 7 is the plan funded
status. What we really show here are two, a left-hand side and a right-hand
                                                                           Page 4 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
