                             MINUTES
(PICA) idea and Council Members' request was a logical extension of many
of the City's policy decisions.

Annie Kaskade stated divestment of fossil fuel investments was one of the
most important actions cities could take. She encouraged the Council to
proceed as quickly as possible in urging CalPERS to divest its funds from
fossil fuel companies.

Wynn Grcich did not believe people should invest in fossil fuel companies if
they wanted climate change.

Debbie Mytels, PICA, advised that removing investments from fossil fuel
companies was an important symbolic step in recognizing that business
could not continue as usual. To protect employees' pensions, CalPERS
should divest their investments in fossil fuel companies.

Susan Chamberlain, First Presbyterian Church, reported multiple studies
showed that portfolios without fossil fuel investments could perform as well
if not better than those with fossil fuel investments. Decreased demand for
fossil fuels would result in stranded assets, and shares would become
grossly over-valued.

Rev. Eileen Altman, First Congregational Church of Palo Alto, had studied the
issues of climate change. Policy changes were needed to address the threat
to the climate. She encouraged the Council to adopt the Resolution.

Shelton Ehrlich believed the Council should work to overturn the CalPERS
model and invest retirement funds in 401(k) accounts. The Memo was
misguided in its instrument to CalPERS and was pernicious in its impact on
families.

Cedric De La Beaujardiere supported the Colleague's Memo. Climate change
was an issue. Individuals, companies, and local municipalities had to act.

Steve Ramy presented letters of support from congregations of various local
churches.

Council Member Berman noted one of Palo Alto's values was protection of
the environment. Palo Alto's vision was carbon neutrality. Palo Alto's
investments should reflect its values. Studies had shown that divest fossil
fuel investments would not have a negative impact.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt the Resolution urging CalPERS Divestment from Fossil Fuel
Companies.


02/09/2015                                                            116- 477
