                        TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yeah. What if we vote for six, and there are tie votes. If
it's a tie, then how do we know who the sixth person is? I guess it doesn't
matter a lot. City Clerks, you have results?

Ms. Minor: I do have results. We have Council Member Berman voting for
Annette Glanckopf, Helen Li, Stephanie Martinson, Julia Moran, Amanda Ross
and Kevin Stern; Council Member Burt voting for Len Filppu, Annette
Glanckopf, Jennifer Hetterly, Shani Kleinhaus, Mark Nadim, and Peter
Taskovich; Council Member DuBois voting for Len Filppu, Annette Glanckopf,
Jennifer Hetterly, Terry Holzemer, Bob Moss and Mark Nadim. We have
Council Member Filseth voting for Stacey Ashlund, Jennifer Hetterly, Shani
Kleinhaus, Helen Li, Mark Nadim and Pater Taskovich; Mayor Holman voting
for Len Filppu, Annette Glanckopf, Jennifer Hetterly, Shani Kleinhaus, Mark
Nadim and Peter Taskovich; Council Member Scharff voting for Drew
Dennison, Annette Glanckopf, Michelle Kraus, Stephanie Martinson, Julia
Moran and Bob Moss; Vice Mayor Schmid voting for Len Filppu, Annette
Glanckopf, Jennifer Hetterly, Shani Kleinhaus, Bob Moss and Mark Nadim;
Council Member Wolbach voting for Edie Keating, Shani Kleinhaus, Helen Li,
Victoria Liu, Julia Moran and Kevin Stern. We have Annette Glanckopf with
six votes, Jennifer Hetterly with five, Shani Kleinhaus with five, and Mark
Nadim with five. Those four are appointed. We have Stacey Ashlund with
one vote, Drew Dennison with one, Len Filppu with four, Edie Keating with
one, Michelle Kraus with one, Helen Li with three, Victoria Liu with one,
Stephanie Martinson with two, Julia Moran with three, Bob Moss with three,
Amanda Ross with one, Kevin Stern with three, and Peter Taskovich with
three. And Terry Holzemer with one.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That was seven votes.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid says that he had been accounted—seven
votes had been counted to him.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. Stern (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Stern was not on his list, he says.

Council Member Berman: I think we had an opportunity to discuss why
we're going to vote for who we're going to vote for. I'd like to take this
opportunity to do that. I'm going to be voting for Kevin Stern and Julia
Moran. I would really encourage my colleagues to do so also. We talked a
lot about the need for diversity on this Committee. Right now, with the
recent resignation, I think there are zero people on the Committee who are
renters. Both Julia Moran and Kevin Stern—who I don't know. I've never
met either of these people. I was impressed by their applications though—
are renters from South Palo Alto. Julia is listed as 34. Kevin doesn't have
                                                                    Page 78 of 127
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 8/31/15
