                         TRANSCRIPT
organizations and all governments, not just ours, had a difficulty with the
cost of permits. Once Prop 13 went in, cities start scrabbling around to see
where they could get money. Permit fees became higher and higher to the
point where there was an initiative, Prop 218, stating that cities could not
ask for a permit fee more than the cost of policing and monitoring and
advising the permit. What I came to say to you tonight was the part of the
budget that we are not paying much attention to isn't saving money by
skimping on safety. It's a wonderful idea to have AEDs in police cars. Who
could fight that? That's great. That new room, I notice it because I keep
going in looking for the television set and the comfortable chairs and they're
not there and the water fountain is gone. With that money, you could have
built a modest women's shelter.          It does seem that you're missing
opportunities to spend money frugally. You're missing opportunities to save.
For instance, the golf course. There's a building out at the golf course, and
it could have housing on top of it. In fact, every public building in the City
could have compatible housing. It wouldn't be suitable for children. There
are many people who are very quiet. You would never know they were
there. They could be housed and they could be paying some rent. Why
not? I do have to say that spending a lot of money on decoration, when
people are homeless, is not (foreign language). Down in your hearts, I don't
think that's you. I just don't. At the risk of being boring, let me tell you
once again it would be a real shame to lose those trailers that the people
have provided on their own as low-income housing. Thanks, folks. Bye-bye.

Mayor Holman: Before we begin the discussion and the proposed tentative
Motion to adopt the Ordinance for the budget for the Fiscal Year 2016, City
Attorney has some comments about potential conflicts of interest.

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Each year during the budget time,
when we have Council Members who have financial interests associated with
items that are related to the budget, then we have to divide the budget and
do some recusing. We do have that situation this year. Council Member
DuBois has, through his spouse, a source of income at Stanford University.
Stanford is a party that's related to some portions of our budget. The way
that we are allowed to handle this under State law is to segment off the
Stanford portions, take them first. With eight Council Members this evening,
it will be seven addressing those Stanford-related items. Then Council
Member DuBois can come and rejoin the Council for the remainder of the
budget.

Mayor Holman: While we're talking conflicts, if we have discussion on
single-story overlays, there are also some recusals there.



                                                                        Page 31 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
