                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I should clarify that. Amy and I have been whispering here.
If something currently needs a use permit and it's on this list, it's still going
to need a use permit. If something is not permitted in a given district and
it's on this list, it's still not permitted. This Ordinance is about protecting
existing uses.

Council Member Scharff: Right. The other thing that was confusing me is
daycare is not open to the public, is it? You can't just walk in and start
hanging out with the kids. That's a recipe for a problem. I'm just trying to
imagine. I may actually vote for this, but I'm confused as to, maybe I'm too
lawyerly, how that's going to affect "A." Daycare is not really retail. It
might be a use we want. I'm thinking about this in real-time and I know I’m
bumbling around on it. This is not retail, and this is not open to the public.
We may want to protect it, and we may want to have a separate daycare
Ordinance at some point. Where I'm going is I’m not sure this is retail and
I'm not sure it's open to the public.

Council Member Filseth: It should be open to the public. As a customer,
you can go and sign up for it, which is different from the Pallantir cafeteria,
for example.

Council Member Kniss: There is daycare in Downtown right now. It exists
right now in Downtown. It's right near what is now Hana Haus. That's how
you enter to go in through the back way, if any of you have gone to that
daycare, which is our own daycare center.

Council Member Wolbach: First just to be really clear. The point is we're
going through these one at a time so that each of these Amendments can
either get the eight votes or not so that we can potentially add a lot of or
very few number of additions. Then we'll vote on the Ordinance as a whole.
I'll actually support this one. This is worth adding. There are several others
that we should have a discussion about. I like this process of going through
them one at a time. That's the smart way to do it.

Mayor Holman: I'm going to make just a really brief comment about this.
We actually have, going back a number of years that Amy French will
probably remember, and I don't know if this is still happening. I know even
in my neighborhood we lose daycare centers. If I can get Council Member
Scharff's attention. We actually lose daycare centers in Palo Alto. There
was a nursery school that closed in a neighborhood, just a block and a half
from me. We've lost daycare centers on San Antonio Road. We tend to lose
them as opposed to, from my experience, than more opening up. If we can
protect them here, we would be smart and serve the public.


                                                                           Page 45 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/11/15
