                         TRANSCRIPT
something back. We're addressing the needs of seniors who may have
problems with accessing technology or may not be speaking the English
language. We're addressing that by allowing nonprofits to become members
in the linkAges Timebank. A nonprofit staff person can then represent
whatever the needs of their clients or their participants may be. This is a
program we're taking across several communities. As I said to you, we
currently have 450 members. We just launched in Palo Alto recently, and
already about 17 percent of our membership base is coming from this City.
Just to give you an idea, people have already over the course of 1 1/2 years
exchanged almost 1,400 hours worth of services. Out of these exchanges,
more than 50 percent are happening with people who are over 60 and
people who are under 60. The network is really growing. This is how we roll
out in every city. We establish partnerships with key organizations and key
agencies. You'll see some of our partners listed in there. In particularly, I
want to mention our partnership with the Utilities company which was
phenomenal and really, really creative. It's helping create this pool of
volunteers that are supporting seniors with their energy efficiency and
energy usage. There's a similar partnership happening with Zero Waste,
who are supporting people learning about recycling. Of course, we have a
partnership with Avenidas. In particular, we are partnering with the Y on
Ross Road, but also some other Ys across Silicon Valley. All of the partners
help us with outreach. They take the information about the program out
into their membership or their client bases, and then connect their own
people with the broader community through these opportunities for service
exchanges. It's volunteerism with a little bit of a twist. This is what some of
our partners are saying about their experience so far. [video presentation]
Our ask to you tonight as the City Council is to focus on considering an
official endorsement of the program for the City of Palo Alto, so that we can
have an extended partnership that allows City departments and other City
organizations to collaborate with us in terms of offering space for
orientation, supporting our efforts with information and media outreach into
the community, communications to City employees about the availability of
the social network, and then extended community connections so that we
can engage further residents. Typically in every city that we go in, we have
a city partnership and a launch. We'll make such a request of the City
Council because, as I said, part of the implication is we want this to be a
systems change effort. While we're offering a grassroots program and
individuals and residents can opt-in or opt-out based on their needs, part of
it is how much are the city governments and the cities recognizing that this
is a priority for them to support aging in community and bringing the rest of
the community together to achieve that mission. Any questions?

Mayor Holman: Delighted that you have partnered with the City of Palo Alto
in a number of ways, as you've demonstrated here with Utilities and Zero
                                                                          Page 5 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
