                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Vice Mayor Schmid, if I could add one additional comment.
The proposal that's being advanced uses this appointed committee but is
attempting not to lose this concept of open sourcing. The meetings would
be in public and people would be encouraged to participate even if they
weren't on the committee. There would be active engagement online and in
other ways to try and get broad participation even from people who weren't
on the committee, enough ways for people to participate that that
happened.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Participating as a member of the public rather than as a
member of the committee.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for that clarification. I'm still confused how
the open source committee is going to interact with the seated committee
and who's going to carry more weight. I would vote against this motion as I
understand it now. I'd like some clarity either from the makers or from the
Planning Director.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois.

Mayor Holman: Go ahead.

Ms. Gitelman: What I had understood the motion to be would be to set up
an appointed committee, but not to lose this concept of open sourcing. The
committee would meet in public. We would do everything we could to
ensure wide participation by members of the public who are not on the
committee. We'd make ways for them to participate at the meetings, online
and in other ways, so that we still had at the end of the day a
Comprehensive Plan Update that we could say had been open sourced, even
though there was an appointed committee that was helping to coalesce and
evaluate the input that was coming in from the wide variety of sources.

Council Member DuBois: Are we doubling your work? Are you holding more
meetings now or they're the same number?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't see it as doubling my work once the committee's
established. The idea of coming back to the Council multiple times to
establish a committee is effort that we weren't anticipating, particularly in
advance of the Summit.

Council Member Burt: Karen, can I...



                                                                        Page 51 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Trasncript: 04/27/2015
