                          TRANSCRIPT
Services needs to have a long discussion about this. We just spoke about it
for an hour at least. I guess I would ask the maker of the Motion, first of all,
why you feel that needs to go to Policy and Services.

Council Member DuBois: I think I heard disagreement amongst us tonight.
Again, I think a lot of that has to do with definitions and different situations
of these types of businesses. I heard some people say that they should
perhaps register and not pay a fee. I heard you say they should just be
exempt. I threw out the idea of do we want to track home rentals that are
rented excessively or a large period of the year. I thought there was enough
meat there for it to be discussed at Policy and Services.

Council Member Scharff: I'm concerned that this would delay this. I mean,
it's important that we move forward with it. It's not like there's nothing for
Policy and Services to do these days. I'll make an amendment that says
that—it's hard to make the amendment if I can't see it. Sorry. I'll make the
amendment that we go ahead and exempt very small businesses and that
we exempt very small nonprofits and that we exempt religious organizations
with no ancillary businesses now.

Mayor Holman: It seems pretty obvious that Council Member DuBois will not
be accepting that. Is that correct?

Council Member DuBois: No.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to offer that as a separate amendment?

Council Member Scharff: I do.

Mayor Holman: Is there a second to that?

Council Member Filseth: I'll second.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Council Member Filseth.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to replace in Motion Part A, “Send proposal to Policy and
Services Committee along with potential updates that address very small
businesses, very small non-profits and religious organizations with no
ancillary business on site, and changes to the Registration Survey” with
“exempt very small businesses, very small non-profits and religious
organizations with no ancillary business on site.”

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak any further to your Motion? Your
amendment, I'm sorry.

                                                                         Page 33 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
