                             MINUTES
Roberto Munoz wanted to remain in the park so that his daughter could
remain in Palo Alto schools and he could live close to his job. He could not
afford rents in other Palo Alto neighborhoods.

Melodie Cheney, Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Residents Association
Secretary, stated her home in Buena Vista was the only home that she could
call her own. Being physically challenged, she depended on public
transportation, and the bus stop was located in front of her home. Rents in
other areas of Palo Alto were more than she paid for her mortgage and
utilities.

Blanca Fonseca was disabled and unable to work. Her husband and brother
were supporting her, but they could not afford rent in other cities. The
relocation amount was not sufficient.

Rosemary Rocha understood the Council had to make a difficult decision.
One side would win and the other would lose. She wanted the residents to
win.

Jennifer Guzman wanted to remain in the park, because she loved her Palo
Alto school. If she moved, she would know no one in her new home and
would be separated from loved ones, and her parents would lose their jobs.

Misqel Morales had benefited from his education in Palo Alto schools. He
hoped the park would remain open so that his brother and son or daughter
could attend Palo Alto schools.

Alfredo Garcia indicated neighbors in the park cared for his daughter. He
wanted to remain in the park so that those neighbors could continue to care
for his daughter.

Guadalupe Fonseca needed the Council to help the residents of the park.
Her mobile home was paid for, but she did not know if she would be
homeless if the park closed. Sale prices for old mobile homes in San Jose
and Sunnyvale started at $89,000.

Amanda Cerrano only felt safe living in the park, because she was a
transsexual. Many residents suffered from physical disabilities.

Jessica Guzman advised that the park was a safe place for families.        She
wanted to continue attending Palo Alto schools.

Jose Toledo lived in the park with his sister, because it was safe and close to
hospitals. He could not work due to having brain surgery, and his sister's
job was not stable. Many residents needed to live close to medical care.


04/13/2015                                                              117- 207
