                           TRANSCRIPT
part of the conversations to date. Santa Clara County has submitted the
long-range project and the Page Mill Road quarter widening project for
consideration in the Envision Silicon Valley sales tax measure which is
scheduled for a vote in 2016. Both of those projects are listed as Tier 1 high
priority projects in the Expressway Plan 2014 study, and 7.7 million is
programmed for Oregon Expressway, Page Mill Road, I280-Page Mill Road
modification in the adopted Valley Transportation Plan of 2040. Two more
items. As most of you are aware, this week in Paris representatives of 194
nations are gathering to discuss and negotiate potential new climate
agreements that can drive long-term solutions to obviously one of the
greatest threats facing humanity at the Paris COP 21 Conference. Officially,
I think, the President was there today. The US is focusing on three major
areas all of which we're familiar with ourselves and, of course, have been
demonstrating national and in many ways international leadership. Long-
term climate actions with targets ratcheting up over time with a long-term
goal to reduce carbon pollution over the course of the century, rigorous
transparency to ensure that countries are following through on their
commitments and climate financing for low carbon technology development
and adaptation from public and private donors for those most in need. Here
in Palo Alto, we're continuing to work on our own updates to our
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. We do have a community summit
planned for January 24th from noon to 5:00 p.m.; that is a Sunday.
Registration and details for the summit can be found at the City's website
right now, cityofpaloalto.org/services/sustainability. I would report that we
are fortunate that Council Member Burt happens to be needing to be in
Europe for some business and is able to attend the COP 21 Conference and
actually has been invited to the Climate Summit for Local Leaders sessions
being held later this week in Paris. We're appreciative that we're able to
have a representative there fortuitously just given the coincidence of your
visit. Lastly, for the third year in a row our City was named among the top
digital cities in the country for its size, a long time digital leader with a first
place win in 2016 and second in 2014. We're not happy with our fourth
place digital finish, but it's the result of initiatives still acknowledging our
Apps Challenge Playbook, use of social media, cloud-based technology and
our civic technologies center. That's all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman:       With that, our next item on the agenda is Oral
Communications. We have something a little bit different that we're going
to do in this regard. We will do Oral Communications, and we have five
speakers to that. Because our labor negotiations were moved from Item 1
                                                                              Page 69 of 132
                                                                City Council Special Meeting
                                                                        Transcript 11/30/15
