                          TRANSCRIPT
have a showcase housing project. You could serve whatever market you
want to. My personal opinion, it ought to be designed for the young
millennials. Figure out what's economical for them. Larry Klein on his way
out suggested that the top of the garage should be a wedding venue. I've
talked to a couple of millennials. They thought a bocce ball and a beer
garden was a much better idea on the roof of a housing project at that site.
I support that idea in concept fully. I agree with Sandy as well that the TMA
is woefully understaffed and under-resourced. Good people are working on
it, but it's never going to get there from here unless you put some real
funding, venture capital-type funding, and broaden its geographic reach. It
should be including the clinic. It should be including California Avenue. If
you want to go ahead and build the garage, be my guest. I guarantee you
with every fiber in my body I'm going to be fighting for 214 parking spaces
to be 100 percent dedicated to removing cars parked in the neighborhood.
That's secondary. The real issue is housing and TMA. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our next speaker is Vanessa Warheit, to be
followed by Adina Levin. Both of these speakers also on item Number 4.

Vanessa Warheit, speaking to Agenda Item Number 4: Good evening, dear
Council Members. My name is Vanessa Warheit; I'm a Palo Alto resident,
mother of a child in the Palo Alto Unified School District, and the owner of a
car registered here in Palo Alto. In light of tonight's discussion on parking in
our Downtown, I wanted to make a modest proposal. Clearly the streets of
Palo Alto are too congested. It takes way too long to find parking. This is
bad for local businesses, which is evidenced by the number of local
establishments that I remember from my childhood which have long since
gone out of business. Our region is growing, and we need to better support
the long-term growth of our Downtown. We also need to keep all these cars
from spilling over into the residential neighborhoods that surround it. I
believe the proposal to build a new parking garage Downtown isn't the
answer to these problems. For one thing, it only adds 214 additional
parking spaces to our Downtown, not near enough for the projected growth
in this area. With 17,000 more jobs and 13,000 additional residents
projected in the next 20 years, we can expect a lot more cars on our streets.
The proposed garage is also all the way over on Hamilton Street, requiring
people patronizing businesses on University or Lytton or any of Downtown
side streets to walk one or more blocks to their destination. What I'm
proposing is a project to bring free parking right in front of every single
business, double our existing capacity and maximize the use of our existing
facilities. I've been assured by a well-known transportation official in Los
Angeles that creating a double-decker road system provides the kind of free,
convenient access to local businesses that we need here in Palo Alto. I
would like to, therefore, submit for consideration a common sense idea that
                                                                        Page 19 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
