                          TRANSCRIPT
Stewart Carl: Good evening, Council. I'm here to follow up on some of the
things that Amy Christel spoke about involving the Palo Alto Airport. One
thing she didn't have a chance to touch on was airport improvement grants.
I spoke to a member of the City Council a few months ago and was surprised
to learn that the Council Member was not aware that airport improvement
grants come with terms and stipulations that are imposed by the Federal
Aviation Administration when you accept those grants. Terms of these
grants will restrict and limit the Council's control of the Airport. There are
quite stringent stipulations in these airport improvement contract grants. I
think if Surf Air wanted to be in operations at Palo Alto Airport, there's
probably nothing City Council could do to stop them, due to the terms of the
airport improvement grants. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. That concludes Oral Communications. We go
...

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: Yes, sir.

Mr. Keene: May I just have the Council's (inaudible) here just to respond to
your earlier question about the PG&E tree situation? It's still a significant
number of trees, but the number under consideration right now are 56 City
street trees and 289 trees that are on private property. Still a significant
number but about half of what the earlier estimate was. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. As you say, definitely still a significant
number. Thank you.

Minutes Approval

3.   Approval of Action Minutes for the June 15, 22, 29, August 17 and
     August 24, 2015 Council Meetings.

Mayor Holman: With that, we go to Minutes Approval. We have Action
Minutes for June 15, 22, 29, August 17 and August 24 City Council
meetings. Do we have a motion to approve the Minutes, please?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman:      Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Vice Mayor
Schmid.


                                                                       Page 14 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
