                          TRANSCRIPT
developer for that project. The feed in tariff program that was set is
possible for us to finance that project but, given some of the terms of that
deal that I believe Pristine had on the table, it became unfinanceable. That
was our position from the beginning. We've been in Palo Alto for five years.
We've built a few of the largest projects here. I'm very much in support of
renewables for this City. The biggest thing that we need to recognize is that
the feed in tariff, which is part of that program, expires in 2016. I'm going
into this assuming you guys are aware of some of the details and what goes
into making a power purchase work. If that ITC expires in the time that it's
set to expire, then the economics of that deal won't work at the given feed
in tariff rate which is 16.5 cents. I encourage you to give consent for us
being the alternate to that original RFP to step in if that deal was to not go
through. That's what I'm asking all of you today, to recognize that we've
put in the work and we put a deal together that was economically viable.
I'm still prepared to match that deal and do what's necessary to bring those
structures online. I'm happy to meet with any of you privately. I'm happy
to share the renderings that we put together. Whatever you guys would
like, I'm happy to do it. I live in Downtown Palo Alto, and this is an
important project to me. I want to stress that the timing of it is necessary.
If we go back out to an RFP process, that ITC will expire and that project will
never get built at the numbers that were proposed. Given the time that I
have tonight, that's the case that I wanted to make to all of you. I would be
happy to answer any questions that you guys have or be available to talk
further. We invited Nancy, the previous Mayor, to some of our ribbon-
cutting ceremonies. She was a big supporter of what we were doing. I
encourage you to visit some of our sites as well.

James Keene, City Manager: We mentioned it. This was pulled; not pulled
for discussion but removed from the agenda. In the memorandum we put
forward to the Council, we indicated it looks like we would directly go back
out and reissue a new RFP. That being said, we're taking a look at this
today. I'm going to work with the City Attorney to see whether or not the
terms of the original Request for Proposal would allow us to explore any
discussions with any of the other respondents to the RFP who were not
originally in the first position. This would be a matter that the Staff would
work through with any of the affected parties. I did want to acknowledge
that. Before the week is out, I'll be able to update the Council with a
memorandum on the status of our next steps.

Mayor Holman: We look for a motion regarding the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Scharff: So moved.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

                                                                          Page 9 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
