                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. I think there's two
pieces to that. The keep-up is where we're trying to look at is there work
that we should be doing to properly maintain our infrastructure assets so
that we maximize their useful lives and efficiency. That's really based on
best practices. It's been based on Staff talking about do we have equipment
or types of infrastructure or areas where we think there is maintenance
needed that's not occurring that would prolong their lives. In that particular
instance, some of the additional funding was used for more sidewalk work,
more streets work which helps to pay for preventive maintenance-type work
during the street maintenance contracts. Some of it was used for tree
trimming and tree work contracts and providing for asphalt budgets for our
internal streets crews, I believe. That was some of what was done on the
keep-up. On the catch-up side, what we've got is a whole list, a very long
list, that was developed with the IBRC's help of deferred maintenance
projects that are things that should have already occurred several years ago
at least, but hadn't occurred yet and were not planned in the 5-year CIP at
that time. For funding those things, we've essentially used the same kind of
process that we do during the annual CIP process, when we put forward
projects. We've looked through that list and said if we have funding
available to fund some of these projects, what do we think are the most
important of them to take care of. In particular, there's concerns related to
public safety. If we've got a playground in a park, say, that should have
been replaced after 18 years and now it's 25 years and we think there's
safety issues, that would rise to the top. If there's particular facilities that
the public has a strong interest in and we're hearing that it's in poor
condition, that would be another thing that would drive us to prioritize those.

Council Member DuBois:          Is it part of this new position to keep that
prioritization, look at that?

Mr. Eggleston: That's right, yes. With someone dedicated to working on
that among some other things that we talked about and having the
Infrastructure Management System, we should have a much better way of
doing that prioritization.   Currently, all that information is in Excel
spreadsheets, which we're trying to keep updated. For instance, an example
would be that maybe we've got something listed. The parks playground
example that I just gave. We've got it listed in this catch-up column, and
we say there's a need for $300,000 to replace this playground. It should
have been done already. What we don't currently have the capability of is
for someone who's working on the upcoming budget to click on a report and
find out that the maintenance crews and contractors have had to come out
more and more to do repair on this asset. That's the kind of thing that the
new Infrastructure Management System is going to allow us to do.

                                                                          Page 13 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
