                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: My understanding is that Caltrain has asked for
about 750 million for which to do—other people in the room may have a
better sense of that than me—things like what you said, level boarding,
longer platforms, I don't remember what else they want. There's a bunch of
rolling stock. There's a bunch of stuff that they've asked for. Obviously we
would support what they've asked for, because they've done the studies.
What I was really getting out of Council Member DuBois' thoughts on that
was that we should put in there specifically for grade separations, which is
not in there. That's really not on the table in terms of going into this funding
measure on a countywide basis. I think we should have general direction.
What I'm thinking of—I'll probably put that in a motion—$1 1/2 billion with
money for grade separations. Caltrain would get to decide what the rest of
it is. I'm open to whatever my colleagues think about it. I want to know if
that's enough direction to Staff or do you need more clarification than that.

Mr. Keene: I guess one thought is how we arrive at the figure. I mean, are
we thinking about trying to pay attention to grade separating essentially all
of Santa Clara County, is what we're sort of advocating, which is one sort of
fair way to start about it.

Council Member Scharff: Right. We've got to think about all of ...

Mr. Keene: Whatever that number shakes out to. For whatever it’s worth, I
mean, I think at this stage, middle of October, the best direction we would
have is for the Council to give a very clear message about what you think is
absolutely most important. Not to get in an argument with our Staff here,
these other components of Caltrain are dealing with long-term carrying
capacity, which can't really work without grade sep themselves. Grade sep
is even a bigger issue than just capacity for us. I think the Council has
made that statement about long-term quality of life and the long-term view.
I think that's a good position to ask us as a starting point to be clear about
where we are. Right now we've just been responding a little bit and
listening to folks. For you to say something even after your first meeting
would be helpful. I'll be curious if you would agree. I'd feel even better
when we go up to talk to Caltrain about some of these issues, about where
the Council is.

Council Member Scharff: I'd move that we direct Staff to advocate for and
support putting in the countywide funding measure that's being considered
money for countywide grade separation on the order of at least 750 million.

Council Member Berman: I'll second.

Council Member Scharff: I'd say at least.

                                                                          Page 56 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
