                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. North: I just want to apologize for the error in the Staff Report, for the
UAC comments. We were on a very fast turnaround. I just want to
apologize.

Council Member Filseth: My question was actually exactly the same as
Council Member Burt's which was to what extent does this section here
commit us to a specific course of action or implied. I think we've already
covered that.

Council Member Scharff: I actually really appreciate Council Member Burt's
comments. I had the same concerns, but I think he put them very well. I
actually have a strong concern here first of all that we're letting the concern
about getting the EIR bulletproof from a legal point of view drive the policy
discussion. I think it's premature. I'm not going to vote for it if it says the
Council hereby directs the City Manager and Staff to proceed with
development of the Recycled Water Project. I also don't like Section 2 which
says the Council hereby authorizes the City Manager or his designee on
behalf of the City to initiate preliminary design and to seek funding. It'd be
fine if it said seek funding for the recycle. Preliminary design means we're
setting forward. I agree 100 percent with Council Member Burt. I know I've
sat in a number of these meetings with people saying it, and Staff does this.
The next report is going to say Council approved in the last meeting. That's
exactly what it's going to say. I'm going to come back and say, "That's not
how I remember it." You're going to have an Action Minute vote that says
we did that. I think we need to have the policy discussion. The policy
discussion for me, some of the things that concern me is that I noticed that
in 2008 we thought this was going to cost roughly $33 or $35 million. It
says 33 in the Staff Report. Construction costs have gone up like 40
percent, and you're saying it's only 35 million. It was $600, the water, in
2008 is what Hetch Hetchy water was. Now it's 1,800 but construction costs
have remained the same. I mean, I just don't believe that. Maybe you want
to address that.

Ms. North: I wanted to allude to the fact that I remember telling you
specifically to not focus on costs; that's not what we were really doing.
We're looking at just the Environmental Impact Report. We wanted to give
you some cost figures, so you weren't completely in the dark. Before we
come back and before we even think about it, we'll have to be basically
looking at the Facility Plan again to see what the need is and then what the
cost is really going to be. We're going to be doing a cost analysis before we
even move forward with the project.



                                                                       Page 115 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
