                         TRASNCRIPT
Ms. Ziesenhenne: That's a good question. I'll have to go look that up. The
open data site has all of that. We have not loaded in the Fiscal Year 2015.
I'll provide an informational report with that update.

Council Member Burt: Kind of same thing on the total. Do you happen to
know where our 2015 stats are, compared?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: I think it's not the highest it's ever been. I think there
were a couple of years right before we closed where it might have been a
little bit higher.

Council Member Burt: Mitchell and Rinconada, I'm a little confused by the
parenthesized dates there. When did they reopen?

Ms. Ziesenhenne:       Mitchell Park reopened, I think, November 6th or
November 7th. We did a soft opening, you remember, for both of those
libraries, so they were open a couple of weeks. Officially Rinconada opened
on February 14th, but it had been open since the 4th. The day after these
dates is when the soft openings began.

Council Member Burt: Are we saying that from February 14th through
June 30th, it had—it was closed a lot. It was closed a portion of 2014 fiscal
year too.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: It was in a temporary location, so there was a temporary
building. Yes, it was only closed for three days in the switch to the
temporary.

Council Member Burt: Here's what I think would be meaningful in these
transition periods is the checkouts per day. We otherwise are comparing a
fragment of a year to a different fragment of a year. I just can't make any
sense of it. I don't think it's very meaningful to compare what we're doing
in the temporary location. It's really where we left off before we shut them
down for renovation and where we are now. That's what tells have we seen
a significant increase. I suspect we have, especially at Mitchell. It's
overwhelming.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: Yes, it is.

Council Member Burt: On the back page, I see the e-books and e-music
went up 15,000 percent. I'm guessing you're not expecting that trend line
to continue at that rate.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: No, no. That's why we put an asterisk, that it includes
the number of titles currently available at Freegal Music. We've asked the

                                                                       Page 8 of 127
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/31/15
