                         TRANSCRIPT
There have been surveys that show that broadband is becoming the number
one factor for renters when they're evaluating places to live. It also adds
significantly to the value of homes. Just access to fiber adds value, but then
if you actually have a service, it adds even more value. I think there's a lot
of complexity to this issue, and we need to make sure we're asking the right
questions. It's not is some private provider going to come, but what kind of
service do we want, what is really our goal with fiber and this question of
ubiquitous access and ownership and control. I think that's really what we
need to decide as a Council. I think we need to answer the question of what
do we want to do before the end of the year.                I think the Staff
recommendation was kind of let's wait and see what happens, but I think
there's some steps we might want to take. More broadly, what other steps
should we take to ensure success with all these examples we have now of
successful cities doing this?

Mayor Holman: Do you have questions too, Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I have a few questions, but I actually had a lot of
statements I wanted to get through.

Mayor Holman: This was a round of questions, if you would.

Council Member DuBois: I can try to work in some questions. My big
question is what is our goal. I think we need to address that. Again, you
guys have listed or we've heard that Comcast is coming, AT&T is coming. I
think you said they'll probably cherry pick neighborhoods, which I agree
with. Been very little information. There was nothing in much detail about
Comcast. I mean, do we have any idea of what kind of coverage to expect
and what kind of timing for a build-out from those providers?

Ms. Hovis: What we anticipate with Comcast is that they will—they've
announced that they will migrate throughout their entire footprint in the
United States the next generation of cable modem technology, which is
known as DOCSIS 3.1. This is their competitive response, essentially, to
Google Fiber, which will allow them to offer downstream speeds getting
much closer to a gigabit. On their existing network, they should be able to
offer downstream speeds of up to 100 megabits per second with the current
generation of DOCSIS technology. They're without question reacting to
Google as a competitor. Because of the nature of their technology, they
would upgrade an entire community. I think you would see the entire City
upgraded when Comcast does that. AT&T in order to upgrade really has to
build fiber at this stage, and they are building fiber to the home in certain

                                                                       Page 25 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
