                           TRANSCRIPT
customers will begin to demand it. As the yet to be determined needs arise,
we will see the incumbents, and we're seeing new players such as Google
Fiber, exploring, announcing and upgrading their systems. Two and a half
years ago there was no visible activity in play to bring fiber and/or ultra high
speed internet access to Palo Alto. Two and a half years later everything is
different. AT&T are underway to bring their GigaPower, 1 gigabit fiber
service to Palo Alto. This is happening; they've announced it, and they're
starting to submit permits for this process. Initially they will bring gigabit
fiber to a few thousand homes and, dependent on market demand, to a
large part of our City. AT&T hopes to start providing access as early as
2016. Comcast has announced immediate plans for a 2 gigabit internet
service and has also communicated a longer term plan to deploy 10 gigabit
using existing cabling. Effectively they're going to roll out 2 gigabit and 10
gigabit without having to install any fiber cable. They will use existing
technology, just upgrading the endpoints. While we don't know yet if
Comcast is coming to Palo Alto, they have indicated that the Bay Area is in
their sites. Finally, we do anticipate that Google will make a decision on
their gigabit service for Palo Alto within just a few short months. From the
looks of things, the community of Palo Alto will have at least three national
providers competing in our City to provide 1 gigabit and more download
speeds to anyone who wants it. I want to spend a few moments just
defining what I believe is the future of internet access. As we now meet, the
majority of Americans who access the internet do it wirelessly with a mobile
device. 51 percent use a mobile device; only 42 percent use a wired
computer today. This transition to wireless mobile will accelerate in the
months ahead. The future of internet access is wireless from a mobile
device. Less people are watching TV; more people are watching their little
screens. In addition, surprisingly the web isn't even the primary use for
mobile internet access anymore. Over 85 percent of internet access on a
mobile device is via an app and not via the web. The internet as we know it
is radically evolving, and it's doing it quickly. Most exciting in this industry is
the emergence of the next generation of cellular technology. Currently,
we're at the fourth generation of, or called 4G for that, cellular. Under
perfect conditions, you might get 12 megabits of download speeds. 5G or
fifth generation, which is in the late development stage, is projected to
provide 1 gigabit and under perfect circumstances, which don't always
happen, up to 10 gigabits of download speeds. We may see some limited
deployments of 5G as soon as 2017, but broader deployment is likely to
begin in 2020 which is only four years and a few months away. I do
acknowledge that this does require some form of limited wired backbone,
but it does seem that the future will have a wireless focus. Lastly, you're
hearing about the internet of things and the future role it may have in
building smart cities. While the internet has been about connecting people,
the internet of things is about connecting people and objects and objects to
                                                                           Page 11 of 130
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 9/28/15
