                         TRANSCRIPT

during a drought, but would not necessarily have to be activated. Since we
are in a drought, we're also recommending that you activate the drought
surcharges at the 20 percent level to recover some of the lost revenue that
we've been experiencing. These are the rates that would be in effect if you
were to pass the 4 percent rate increase. These are the drought surcharges
we're asking you to add to the rate schedules. You can see if you adopt
them, they can be activated at three different levels. We're recommending
that you activate them at the middle level, at the 20 percent reduction.
That refers to the amount of water use reduction rather than anything
related to the price. If you were to activate these at the 20 percent
reduction level, if you want to see an example of how this works, in addition
to these base rates that you're seeing up here, residential customers would
pay a 39 cent surcharge on their Tier 1 usage, which is any usage up to 6 ccf
on every unit, and $1.14 surcharge on every unit over 6 ccf. The surcharges
would apply to all consumption, but customers who conserve would see a
lower impact than customers who don't conserve, because they're using less
water. The other thing that's important to note here is that these rates are
not intended to recover any additional revenue. They're only intended to
recover the revenue that we need to run the distribution system, that is
currently not being recovered because of the drought. Up until now, we
have been avoiding drought surcharges by drawing down reserves, and
we've also had some delays in capital improvement projects and
maintenance that have allowed us to continue without drought surcharges.
The drought has gone on long enough, though, and the reductions are deep
enough that we need to recover at least some of that revenue through the
use of drought surcharges. As for the 20 percent, 20 percent is roughly in
line with the Governor's mandate which is why we're recommending it. It
doesn't recover 100 percent of the revenue. We can afford to draw down
reserves just a little bit more, which is why we're recommending at the 20
rather than 25 percent level. City Manager Keene sent some responses to
some questions earlier today. I think we've covered most of the issues that
we discussed there. I think one point to mention here is that a conserving
customer as we're talking about is really not a term of art; it doesn't have a
specific definition. We've assumed that a conserving customer is cutting 9-
12 percent to the indoor usage and making the remaining cuts in outdoor
usage. If you have any questions, I'm available. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: I don't think I've ever had the opportunity to say this
before, but we can't overlook the elephant in the room. A portion of this
hearing will relate to changes in water rates, and this portion of the hearing
is governed by Proposition 218. Before we begin the hearing, the City
Attorney will provide some background on Prop 218. City Attorney.
                                                                       Page 38 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
