                          TRANSCRIPT
period. We do have examples of amortization of industrial uses in Mountain
view, for example, that did involve some extensions perhaps for reasons
such as that. I think that that is not necessarily exercise of a legal right. To
the point where Council were to establish an amortization period by law, I
think those issues would be quite a bit clearer. I think it would be our hope
and expectation that this would proceed in a way that there would be
commitments on all sides that are enforceable and don't lead to any kind of
adjustment later on in the process.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member ...

Council Member Berman: Please.

Ms. Gitelman: ... Berman, if I can just add to that. We do have a provision
in our Code, the section of the Code about nonconforming uses, that limits
the amount of additional investment that can be made in a nonconforming
use. If the first ordinance were to be adopted and the facility became a
nonconforming use, the amount of additional investment they could make
and, therefore, add onto the amortization period would be limited by our
Code.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. So little time, so many questions. The
first one is—we don't have any Tier 3 sites. Why wouldn't we just prohibit
those period? Why would we want any more to come in? Why wouldn't we
just change the ordinance to say no Tier 3?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. That really is a policy
matter. We took the approach in this ordinance not to change sections that
had been adopted by this Council in 2007. You could certainly direct us to
make those changes.

Council Member Scharff: On a high level then, what this ordinance does
right now is it would say in 2026, you need to move that plating shop 300
feet away from any residences. If you move it onsite, which this ordinance
allows as long as it's 300 feet away from the residences, it can stay. Is that
correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.


                                                                             Page 63 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
