                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to not exempt Coordinated Area Plans from the Office/R&D
Development Annual Limit.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, do you care to speak to your
Motion, which is seconded by Council Member Burt?

Council Member Filseth: It's a two-year plan. We'll have a chance to revisit
it. I concur with the Vice Mayor a couple of minutes ago. I think it's too
soon to be putting lots of exemptions in this.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, care to speak to your second?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. I had to reflect on the coordinated area plans
not only in the abstract, but the two that are most relevant. We have the
existing SOFA plan and we have a prospective Cal. Ave. plan. The SOFA
plan created entitlements and put boundaries on the entitlements just like
general zoning does, but it does it in a more specific way. It doesn't mean
that that amount of office has any less impact than anywhere else. That
plan was completed about 15 years ago, and it still has quite a bit of
entitlement that could be built there. The Cal. Ave. would likely have a lot
more just by the direction it was going. I think these shouldn't—I don't see
what's inherently different other than it's a more deliberate zoning, but it
doesn't in any way address any pacing that is the intention of the cap. It
doesn't go as far as I hope we're going to go in terms of setting the
competitive standards for the development; although, it has some aspects of
that, but nowhere near what we might be adopting here on that. The more I
thought about it, I can't come up with the reasons why they should be
exempt.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just interject one clarification. The
Cal. Ave. concept plan that's being considered as part of the Comp Plan is
not a coordinated area plan. It's not going to have the kind of specific
zoning that we have in SOFA II. It's really going to be just a policy
document like a comp plan section.

Council Member Burt: You're saying it would not even apply in this Motion
either way?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Burt: Then the only one we're really talking about is SOFA?


                                                                    Page 106 of 133
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/21/15
