               CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
               MINUTES
                                                             Special Meeting
                                                              April 14, 2015


The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:10 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
             Wolbach

Absent:

Oral Communications

None.

Action Items

8.      Hearing on Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Residents Association’s
        Appeal of Hearing Officer’s Decision Relating to Mitigation Measures
        Proposed by Buena Vista Mobile Home Park Owner in Connection with
        Mobile Home Park Closure Application (continued from April 13, 2015).

Vice Mayor Schmid reported the Council would hear an appeal by the Buena
Vista Residents Association of the Hearing Officer's determination in the
Buena Vista Mobile Home Park closure matter. The Council's role was to
determine whether the Hearing Officer's decision, as it might be amended by
the Council, provided a package of mitigation measures that were adequate
to mitigate the adverse impact on displaced residents, provided that the
package did not exceed the reasonable costs of relocation. Once the Council
identified mitigations that met the criteria, the Council had to approve the
closure application. The Council was not present to discuss whether closure
of the park was fair or the right thing for the community. The park was
privately owned, and the owner had a right under State and local law to go
out of business provided that he mitigated impacts to displaced residents to
the extent required by law. The Council was not present to discuss the hope
and aspirations of many of the community that Buena Vista could be
preserved for affordable housing; that was not within the Council's
jurisdiction at the current time.      The Council was aware that other


                                                                     Page 1 of 41
