                         TRANSCRIPT
That's what I'm trying to understand. Those that aren't abutting streets or
the Courtyard or at least ...

Mr. Lait: We've written this into the Ordinance. I just want to go back to
the proposed Ordinance for a second. There's a whole—what this area is
intending to represent is this PC zone which is captured in an Ordinance. I'd
have to look at that Ordinance to find out ...

Council Member Burt: Perhaps the Ordinance limits which areas have
ground-floor retail or service requirements in a way that this green hashing
extends beyond what the Ordinance does. Is that ...

Mr. Lait: That's what I'm going to look up right now. I have the Ordinance
with me. If I can just get a moment to scan it here.

Council Member Burt: The City Attorney want to chime in there? You lost
your light. You lost your light.

Ms. Stump: I didn't mean to interrupt you, Council Member Burt. If we
were just waiting, I had one other unrelated clarification question to ask at
the right time.

Mayor Holman: Please.

Ms. Stump: If Council could clarify for us Sub G. Is it the intention of the
motion to adopt the Ordinance as drafted but then return with additional
information on that point to be considered by Council for a future
amendment?

Mayor Holman: I think that makes sense.

Council Member Burt: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, is that your intention?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, it is. I mean, obviously if you can come back
on the second reading with the information, that would be really helpful.
We'd adopt on a second reading, but then we can put the amendment on a—
I mean, if you come back too long from now, it won't make much difference.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part G, “for
consideration in a future Ordinance.”

Ms. Stump: I think the nature of it, frankly, it would affect the property to
be regulated. It's significant enough that we wouldn't want to do that on a
                                                                      Page 75 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
