                          TRANSCRIPT
much I appreciate the leadership that Palo Alto has taken, is continuing to
take, with regards to High Speed Rail and the electrification of Caltrain and
how it will be implemented in the future and that kind of integration between
Caltrain and High Speed Rail at some point in time. It's critical. As, I think,
Council Member Burt may have mentioned, we met together a couple of
weeks ago with the President and the Chair of the High Speed Rail Authority
to look at a number of the issues that Council Member Burt had and the City
of Palo Alto had. They're similar to the issues that I've been feeling related
to grade separations. I think I came away with—what my feeling and sense
is related to High Speed Rail is that it's—you know I used to be a pilot and
fly. When I did that, there was one little saying that always stuck in my
head and still does. In God we trust and everything else we check. That, I
think, is the one that applies to High Speed Rail as well. I think we've been
told a number of things, whether it comes to grade separations. I know San
Mateo is working right now and they're funding a grade separation, that
they're looking for about $80 million, I believe, from High Speed Rail to fund
part of that. They will be funding it almost in equal part; they are providing
some funding for grade separations. Palo Alto is very similar to San Mateo
and a couple of other communities where it's critical that we have those
grade separations I came away from the conversation that it will be
something that they will look at and, if possible, there are ways to
implement grade separations and that the conversation is ongoing related to
it. I've also looked at the issue of trenching. I think the trenching especially
for San Mateo and Palo Alto could be ideal and sell the air rights above. It
doesn't have to be covered completely. Even though the diesel is there, I
don't know what the percentage is, but almost two-thirds could be covered
and have development at those locations, which is an opportunity to provide
some of the funding. It does allow some changes there that I think would
be important. I'm going to be someone who—as you know I've been
following it from the beginning, was able to get the $600 million help with
the electrification. We were able to codify in statute the blended system so
that there will not be, cannot be a change in that as we move forward. I will
continue to be your representative on that issue as time goes on. When
issues come up, I know I will hear and we will work together to make sure
that we're represented. It's a trust issue to some extent. As I mentioned, it
only goes as far as you can verify it, and that's where I will continue to work
on that. If we're looking at the Santa Clara transit tax issue, I am fully
supportive of Palo Alto's position.       The 15 percent issue, I think, is
appropriate. I couldn't determine whether that number is correct, but I will
be happy to work with you to make sure that that measure, at least before it
will get support from me, will have to meet the needs of this community.
We certainly don't want the money to go—BART's wonderful, but we have
other needs in this county that have to be provided for, especially in north
county. That's my priority, so I will be there during that whole conversation
                                                                              Page 3 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
