                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: First, I'd like to say thank you to a lot of people
who stayed with us for a very long evening, from the Staff, the applicant and
those working with the applicant. I am using part of my five minutes to say
this; it's worth saying.     A tremendous amount of comment from the
community representing a range of views about this project. I want to say
thank you for your patience, and thank you for your involvement. I've a
couple of concerns and thoughts about the project. Some of the key items.
the safety of the intersection at Grant is a concern to me as well, as was
raised by Council Member Burt. The queuing going into the building, I can't
say I'm 100 percent convinced that it won't be an issue. It is reduced
particularly by the parking alternative which has been offered. On the two
parking options, I definitely hesitated about saying we should allow
somebody to have less than the required amount of parking. However,
making permanently available free Caltrain GoPasses for everybody working
in the building, with that close proximity to the Caltrain Station, with the
expected numbers of employees in the building. If we are looking at a
higher number of employees because of higher intensity of use than what's
expected, there's even more likelihood that at least ten people will be taking
Caltrain on an average daily basis. That's a pretty good trade to make. I
have some trepidation about it, but that is a good trade to make. The
parking alternative increases visitor parking. It means GoPasses for all the
employees or everybody working in the building for the life of the building,
not just for a couple of years. It also alleviates the queuing issue somewhat,
maybe not entirely but somewhat. That's a good trade. In general, moving
towards encouraging or even requiring developers and employers to get
their employees out of their single occupancy vehicle cars is something the
City needs to keep doing. I want to find ways to encourage that here. The
DEE, I'm not sold that it's necessary. I'll leave it at that. The daylight
impact on the neighbor, we had some testimony from the public including
the resident who lives in the adjacent single-family home, citing parts of our
Code, saying that the daylight impact is an issue. I'd like to hear whether
there's any reason we can't require that the applicant maybe set back the
third story adjacent to that property to improve the daylight impact. The
planter access of 2 feet. I'm a pretty limber guy with good reach. Even I'd
have a tough time carrying gardening equipment to get access to those
planters with only 2 feet of space. That's a legitimate concern. On traffic in
general, this might be more of a comment for all of us moving forward. We
should be moving away from level of service towards vehicle miles traveled
as our metric. I don't know why we're still using level of service. We should
be a little bit more forward thinking than that. I understand there are
arguments on both sides. I'm still open to the idea of inquiring whether we
could have access to the parking garage from Park rather than Grant. This
whole project has clarified the importance of traffic calming initiatives by the
City on Park. I do like the fact that this would add bulb-outs, that this adds
                                                                         Page 75 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
