                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I do. I'd suggest that we continue to tighten up
the language around the Housing Element as well.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, do you also accept that?

Council Member Berman: Can I ask a question of the maker?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Berman: I understand with parking. You used a good
example for that. With traffic, how would you do that? What would that
project look like?

Council Member Scharff: Director Gitelman said we could measure it two or
three ways. You could look at it in time to go from Area A to Area B or you
could do it in trips. If the project produced less trips, it would be great. I'd
be fine if it increased the ability to go from "A" to "B" faster. I'll let you say
more if you want to. I heard you say it was easily measureable.

Council Member Berman: Taking into account any mitigation efforts or ...

Ms. Gitelman: One example could be a project that reduces the amount of
auto trips from a particular site. It has an existing development on it,
proposing a new development with a net increase in office space, but
somehow it's reducing trips. Alternately, you could measure it in terms of
the change in delay or congestion experienced at a nearby intersection.
We'd have to give some thought to exactly how to make it work. There's an
idea here that could have legs in an ordinance.

Council Member Berman: I'll accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, "to improve the current
parking and traffic impacts."

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to speak to the jobs/housing imbalance.
You have tightened that up already. It says "provide sufficient rental
housing such that the jobs/housing imbalance would improve." You could
have a small project that does this. Council Member Filseth's notion that it
would go from 3.3 to 3.1 would kill it, because you have no idea how many
housing units it would take to do that. My sense is on the huge base of
office space we have in this City—I forget. Do you know the amount of
office space we have in this City?



                                                                          Page 70 of 145
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/15/15
