                         TRANSCRIPT
neighborhood overlays, conservation overlays, conservation districts,
preservation overlays, preservation districts. They're basically the same
thing; it has many names applied to it. They exist. We're not recreating the
wheel here. That's what we're referring and what we'll make more reference
to and more discrete reference to when this comes to us on the 29th.

Council Member Burt: Can I offer an example that may help?

Mayor Holman: Sure.

Council Member Burt: If I might offer an example that may help. For
instance, an Eichler neighborhood may elect to not institute a single-story
overlay, but might institute a design overlay that requires any second stories
be both compatible in design—this is what some other cities have done—in
an Eichler neighborhood and respect the privacy elements of an Eichler
neighborhood. That's an example.

Mayor Holman: It's a term of art, so to speak.

Mr. Keene: I just want to put it out there. The 2015 work plan is
completely full. If it's a discussion, it's one thing. If it's coming up with a
variety of design guidelines for residential neighborhoods on top of
everything else being done by not only the same Staff but the same Council,
we need to ...

Mayor Holman: We've been pretty clear that there's no timeline associated
with this. We want to get it out there on our agenda. Whenever it comes
up, it's a matter of prioritizing. We understand that Staff's stretched pretty
thin.

Council Member Scharff: I haven't heard any things in the community. I
haven't gotten a single email on this issue. I would make an Amendment to
it that we direct Staff to place on the June 29, 2015 agenda an action item
that would consider referral of policy matters that relate to SSO
neighborhoods.

Mayor Holman: I wouldn't accept that.

Council Member Kniss: I'd be more comfortable with that.

Council Member Scharff: You'll second it?

Council Member Kniss: I will second it.

Mayor Holman: What I'm tempted to do here is split the question and vote
on the first part.
                                                                         Page 58 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
