                          TRANSCRIPT
computer—an attachment to a Staff Report a year ago had a list of PC
projects for the past 15 years. While there were plenty in there that, in
hindsight, we probably shouldn't have approved, there are a handful most of
which that have to do with affordable housing that I think are really good
projects that intrinsically, Winter, not extrinsically provided a benefit to the
community. I don't know enough about each one of those projects to know
whether or not those could have been achieved in other ways. I also have
zero interest in seeing a PC project come up in the next two years. I think
the community has zero interest in seeing a PC project come up in the next
two years. I think Staff has zero interest in seeing a PC project come up in
the next two years. What I will move, when it comes to do that, for
numerous reasons including the fact that the Ordinance wasn't available
until Friday is extend the PC timeout, or whatever the technical term is, for
two years, but suggest that it come back to Council a year from now, so it's
the current Council, to essentially have this conversation when hopefully
Staff isn't as overwhelmed as they currently are with everything else, the
Council isn't as overwhelmed as it is with everything else.            It gives
everybody a little more time. We can come back and have this conversation
a year from now to maybe reinstate PCs two years from now. Is what I
think is hopefully a good kind of compromise that doesn't just wholesale
eliminate PCs right now, because I wouldn't support that. That gives
everybody a little more time to come up with a better process to move
forward.

Council Member Burt: I certainly would not support the proposed Ordinance
tonight. That's an easy call for me. As I've tried to figure out what went on
in this process over the last year and a half and looked back at what we
could see in the record all the way back to our Study Session, I looked at my
comments in the Study Session and saw a number of them about a better
definition of public benefits, a clearer process, disclosure of ex parte
communications, wanting to make sure that the cost of the benefit was not
the only thing we looked at but also the value of the benefit. We did adopt a
preliminary review being conceptual. A lot about enhanced monitoring and
enforcement and consequences for noncompliance; about how much PCs
might be diminished in their need through more precise plans and specific
plans; possible location zones for PCs. Staff did recommend that the PC
should not initiate a change to the Comp Plan. Also, then one of the things
that Council Member Berman spoke about was trying to understand what
PCs have been beneficial. We have been as a community focusing on the
significant shortcomings and problems with the PCs, which we may be able
to have corrected through a lot more extensive corrections than what we
have before us tonight. We really don't have an answer as to whether the
beneficial elements that we've seen in PCs over the decades could be
achieved through other means. I frankly don't know the answer yet on that,
                                                                          Page 61 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
