                         TRANSCRIPT
best to address it. I would be game to extend this to 18 months to help
assure that we're communicating clearly to proposers of projects that they
need to be cognizant of when their project would have to get through
approval and make sure that they get it in in plenty of time. That's one
alternative way to address that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, are you looking at "c," extending that
one year to 18 months?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, but I want to only try and do that if I'm not
going to have a bunch of strong objections from colleagues over doing so.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, would you accept that?

Council Member Burt: He may have an alternative suggestion too.

Council Member DuBois: A couple of suggestions. One would be with the
intent of a graduated reduction, to make that known to people. The other
one would be to direct Staff to come back to Finance with the actual
schedule and show that. Not only would we have a one-year rate, but we
would show an intended reduction.

Council Member Scharff: That was going to be my suggestion. We add in
this motion that Staff comes back to Finance and starts working on it now,
what that gradual reduction could look like, so that people know that that's
where we're going. When Staff talks to people about it, they realize that
that's what we're going to look at.

Council Member Burt: I wouldn't have any problem with that. I don't think
that it necessarily resolves this issue of whether a one-year fixed price
allows new projects in the coming months to enter the pipeline with the
confidence that they'd be able to be completed before the rate changed.
Those are two related but not identical issues. I would certainly be game to
add language—let me go ahead and do that. Where we have the final
sentence of "c," let's make this a new "d." Where it begins "in addition,"
we'll just drop that down to "d." Omit "in addition," and then end that
sentence. We would add that "Staff would return to the Finance Committee
with a recommended graduated rate reduction plan for subsequent years."
If that's okay with the seconder? Yeah. We still have the question of what
to do with this one-year period. In one sense if this graduated rate
reduction plan came through the Finance Committee and the Council in
under a year, there would be some visibility to new project proposers what
they could anticipate. Let me ask Jane. Do we have any sense that based
upon the learning experience we've done in these first two projects, of the
garages and the church project, what we've learned to date, do we think
                                                                       Page 47 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/27/15
