                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Syed: We do have those alternatives. I'm not sure we're prepared to
have a thorough discussion. As Josh mentioned, the one that's really too
narrow to consider a separated bikeway is Colorado Avenue. Recently when
the City resurfaced, the City actually removed bicycle lanes from Colorado
Avenue, because they were substandard width.         We currently have a
sharrow, shared-lane treatment, in one direction and a bicycle lane in
another. It's a pretty constrained right-of-way on Colorado Avenue. Loma
Verde, I'm not sure I can zoom here. I pulled up that option here. We
looked at a couple of options where we would relocate the bike lane, both
bike lanes on one side of the street and put in a separated barrier. That
could be concrete, that could be planters. There is right-of-way on Loma
Verde. Let's see if I have the others. On Oregon, Oregon has unique
challenges due to its proximity to the expressway. That project would
require just a longer design cycle. We'd need to work with the County and
look at all the turns coming off of the expressway. Other than that, it is a
very attractive corridor just due to the very low volume of vehicles on
Oregon Avenue. On Meadow Drive, we currently have 7-foot-wide bike
lanes there and quite generous travel lanes. We do see that there is the
width there to explore a range of separated bikeway alternatives on
Meadow.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid:       I guess one of the key statements in the Bike
Pedestrian Plan was to encourage separation of cars and bikes and peds and
runners where possible. The east-west corridors in the City are extremely
important, because increasingly the traffic on 101, the train traffic, Alma, El
Camino are cutting our City into pieces. The east-west routes are extremely
important. Matadero Creek is the only corridor that allows there to be a
separate bike-pedestrian running path. I guess what I don't hear at all is
how else are these corridors used in other places. Now, I know in the last
10 or 15 years, there have been very, very active development along
Stevens Creek and Permanente Creek in our neighbor Mountain View with
over half the cost paid for by the Santa Clara Valley Water District. Stevens
Creek runs from the Baylands to a mile west of El Camino. It crosses 101,
crosses Middlefield, crosses Central Expressway, crosses the tracks, crosses
El Camino, has a crossing over 85, goes through neighborhoods. They have
water fountains and parking places and place to get on the trail. It's
extremely popular, heavily used. What went on there? Why were they able
to use a creek that we can't use? Has the Water District changed the rules
in some places? What's going on? Permanente Creek goes from Shoreline,


                                                                            Page 36 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
