                         TRANSCRIPT
and formulas.   We'd have to have a separate Action Item specifically for
Downtown.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I think that broader policy question has merit, but I
don't see how we can fold that in, think about bringing the whole Council
into a discussion around that and trying to get done in what we already said
was going to be a very tight deadline. What I would suggest is when we
have our next meeting on this or the one following that when we act on the
Ordinance, that it be agendized in a way that allows us to schedule a
subsequent meeting on broader policy questions.

Council Member DuBois: That just seems backwards. I mean, we're going
to be deciding all these things listed under "F" ...

Council Member Burt: I would say we don't have to solve everything to
solve this. I think we next want to look at those broader questions, but I
don't think we have to solve them in order to get this done.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think it is appropriate to come back with "F" for Phase
2 in this Program, but also maybe the Staff can make a recommendation of
splitting the Citywide issues from what is needed for Phase 2.

Council Member Kniss: If I could add this quickly to what Pat is saying. We
are trying to solve one particular problem tonight, that is a problem that has
existed in the Downtown area that we've defined any number of times as
being heavily impacted and ways to relieve that. I think that's exactly what
we've been discussing tonight, how do you relieve an area that has been so
impacted that they feel that they cannot be comfortable living on their own
streets. That's what we're attacking tonight. We have added a limit of the
2,000 permit sales annually that, I think, takes us to another level. I think
we're getting to where we need to be for you all to deal with this and come
back with something so that we can begin Phase 2 on April 1st. That's a
short deadline.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Tom, did you have (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: Again, I don't support the idea of one side of the
block parking. I think there's going to be ...

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)


                                                                       Page 76 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
