                              MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach inquired whether the Motion added submissions
made after the Retreat.

Mayor Holman answered yes. The three items referred at the Retreat were
included in the current Motion.

Council Member DuBois asked if the Motion included emails from citizens.

Mayor Holman replied yes.

Council Member Burt asked if the Motion directed the Policy and Services
Committee to take up anything received from the community as an item
without any screening as to whether it was appropriate.

Mayor Holman reported the Council was free to consider or not consider any
communication, whether oral or written, from the public.

Council Member Burt remarked that "free to consider or not consider" was
different from a Council direction "to consider." He understood the Council
was giving directions to consider. One was to consider all things including
every comment from the public. The other was to consider all things
referred by the Council and may consider things that came from the public.

Mayor Holman wanted to ensure the Council did not ignore submissions from
the public.

Vice Mayor Schmid offered language for the caveat of "if there is one
dissenting vote or the group thinks it is appropriate to have a full Council
discussion."

Ms. Stump advised that the current policies, protocols or procedures
included that rule. Committees always had the ability to place an item on
the Action Agenda even with a unanimous vote. She understood Mayor
Holman was suggesting something slightly different. Before fully vetting an
issue, the Policy and Services Committee might feel the item would be better
handled by the full Council.

MOTION RESTATED: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer everything submitted by Council Members and the public under
Procedures and Protocols to the Policy and Services Committee. The Policy
and Services Committee would evaluate and make recommendations of
those items to the Committee of the Whole or the Council. Three items
voted on at the Retreat; 1) telephone participation guidelines for Closed or
Open Sessions, 2) procedures for Consent Calendar items, and 3)
clarification of the role of the City Manager, Staff, Mayor, and Vice Mayor in
setting of Agendas), plus those items submitted prior to this meeting by the
City Manager be referred to Policy and Services Committee, review of any

02/17/2015                                                            116- 495
