                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: I think that's right; we are. This approval does not commit the
City to stop at source control. In fact, it does else than that. If the source
control isn't sufficient, it requires these other measures which will be
effective to get the salinity down. That's what you're being asked to adopt
today.

Mr. Bobel: Now, if you're worried about the cost of that, remember that
we're not making the decision to construct anything or even design
anything. We'll have to come back with information, as either you or
someone else was just saying, about the cost of these mitigation measures
and include that in the project costs depending on how likely it is that source
control won't work. That lies ahead too. We'll know a little better in a year
or two as to the degree to which source control is working. If it works a
little bit, that's good because that's a smaller reverse osmosis plant that
we'd have to build. The more salinity we can get out somehow else, the
smaller the reverse osmosis plant could be and the less of that kind of water
we'd have to blend back with our current recycled water to achieve the 600
goal. There is economics there, and we'll have to come back to you with
that. It'll have to include the economics of the mitigation measures.

Mayor Holman:    Council Member Burt—actually, can I go ahead first,
because you might want to comment on what I say.

Council Member Burt: Sure.

Mayor Holman: A couple or three things. One is I guess I'm a little
confused at where we were earlier today, because I thought we were coming
tonight because you needed to go ahead and apply for some funding. I
thought that was some of the urgency of this.            It was beyond just
certification of the EIR. I think we're in a much better place now, but I'm a
little confused about where we were this morning.

Ms. Stump: Mayor Holman, I do think it's still the case that the Staff will
like to launch into understanding the funding picture, even this year's
funding availability, but we'll come back to Council before making any
application. Does that help?

Mayor Holman: Now, with the changes the Council's made, yes. It seems to
me that "B(iii)" that's on the screen as part of the motion. Section 2,
remove to eliminate "preliminary design and" seems to be in conflict with
"C." Section 2 would now read "the Council hereby authorizes the City
Manager or his designee on behalf of the City to seek funding for the
                                                                       Page 123 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
