                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I'll just ask the maker of the Motion, do you think that
is a danger?

Council Member Scharff: No, I don't.

Council Member Filseth: Just looking at the text on the Motion here, on sub-
bullet (a), clarify the definition of retail and retail-like services, include uses
open to the public. What you really want to do is limit it to uses open to the
public. It should say limited to uses.

Ms. Stump: Just to communicate with the Clerk a little bit here. Cara Silver
is making some real time drafting changes to the Ordinance which she has in
a Word document. What we would also do in addition to the work that the
Clerk is doing is, before there's a final vote tonight, she can go through and
read exactly all of the changes that the Council has made. I would propose
that we use that as the definitive version.

Council Member Filseth: Very good. I defer to the City Attorney. Since
we're talking about this kind stuff, let me propose an unfriendly Amendment
that the definition of retail-like uses add automotive services, service
stations and daycare.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois, to add to the Motion, “to add automotive services, service stations
and daycare facilities to the definition of retail-like uses in Municipal Code
Section 18.85.101 (b).”
Council Member Scharff: The only thing I would suggest is that you break it
down one at a time. Some people may vote for some of these and not for
others. Since you need eight votes, by putting all three together, you're
unlikely to get it passed or less likely.

Council Member Filseth: Fair enough.

AMENDMENT SEPARATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING
Council Member Filseth: Is this the right way to do this, by the way, one at
a time?

Mayor Holman: You can do them one at a time, absolutely.

Council Member Filseth: Let me start with daycare.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to add to the Motion, “to add daycare facilities to the definition of
retail-like uses in Municipal Code Section 18.85.101 (b).”

                                                                             Page 43 of 92
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/11/15
