                          TRANSCRIPT

signal improvements as well as potentially parking management projects
and programs such as relating to the Study Session discussion earlier this
evening.     Recognizing that Palo Alto's travel needs are dependent on
systems and operations by our neighbors and through the regional
transportation system, we've also included a number of projects that would
be led by other agencies. This includes projects led by Caltrain as well as
Caltrans for both operational and capacity improvements on the Caltrain
system as well as traffic congestion or operational projects with Caltrans.
Also following on this slide and including county expressways, noting the
Council's recent discussion on Page Mill, we've noted a recommendation and
communication that HOV priority be expressed as an important criteria for
selection and ultimate refinement of any project along Page Mill. Finally
back to the upcoming discussion of a sales tax or other funding measures.
We'd acknowledge once again this effort branded as Envision Silicon Valley
that VTA is undertaking. There has been discussion of a number of potential
levels of sales tax, whether it be a half cent or a quarter cent. Most recently
in discussions the City Managers have had and presentations, a suggestion
that attention is focusing around the half cent measure. It's notable here on
the third bullet here that approximately 6.5 percent of the county sales tax
is generated in Palo Alto in contrast to the less 4 percent of the population
that the City represents and the importance of a return to source element as
a part of any measure, presuming that type of allocation is considered.
Finally, a note on schedule. In terms of the submittal, as has been
described by VTA, the deadline for submittal of our City's project list is the
end of this month, of August. Through the remainder of the calendar year,
VTA will be compiling and beginning their evaluation of the projects. It will
be really early next calendar year that there will be drafts and refinement of
expenditure plans that would then translate into potential VTA consideration
of a final expenditure plan that would go into a ballot measure in the fall of
2016. In terms of some of the specific projects regionally, clearly there's
been public discussion of BART, an extension to San Jose and possibly Santa
Clara as a key element of the discussion of the Silicon Valley Leadership
Group. We have tentatively calendared for the Council a presentation and
discussion with Carl Guardino, the CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership
Group, on September 15 at your Council meeting to be able to dive a little
deeper into how these projects have reflected themselves in the polling that
the Leadership Group has done on the prospective measure. Finally, we've
identified a number of potential principles that could guide follow-up Staff
work in discussion both with the Leadership Group, with other cities and with
VTA on how the development of the actual funding plan, expenditure plan,
comes together. I would note, as the City Manager mentioned, the earlier

                                                                        Page 50 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
