                          TRANSCRIPT
parked, on this street. Our third objection is the increased traffic congestion
in our neighborhood, which the City, I believe, needs to study in a
cumulative way. All of the recent new developments in our area, including
the possible new police headquarters less than one block away from 255
Park, will impact our lives, the quality of our lives. More than just adding a
simple crosswalk which the developer says will relieve the problem, the City
needs to find ways to reduce the speeds on Park Boulevard, where some
cars travel much faster than the posted speed limit, because they're anxious
to get to Oregon Expressway. What are the solutions to this problem? I
have some, believe it or not. First of all, reject the DEE, pure, simple and
direct. It violates the Code; it needs to be withdrawn. Second, review the
real historical significance of the original building before approving its
demolition. It is clear in the City's own Historical Resources Board; there
was a struggle over its own mandate when 255 Park came before it last
November. I urge the Council Members, if they haven't read the minutes of
the Historical Resources Board, please do. A number of those members of
that Board wanted to vote, which they couldn't, to have the restore option of
the building being put back. They were told by City Staff at that time that
they only had the power to comment on the EIR, not to change the options.
We think the HRB should be given a total review of this building again, this
time with the handcuffs off. If it is a significant building, then we should
work to save it. Number 3, solution. If a new building is finally warranted,
then have the developer and architect rework the design to have the
building's garage entrance on Park and not Grant. The developer's claim
that they have used Grant Avenue because of bicycle safety reasons is not
true; it's false. The truth is the building's vehicles, whether they enter or
exit from Grant or from Park, either one, they'll both cross the exact same
amounts of the bicycle path boulevard on Park. Either way, whether they
come out of Park or whether they come out of Grant, they're still going to
cross the bicycle boulevard the same amount. No difference. Because Grant
is a major critical entry point for our 300 residents, we think the potential of
having a blocked situation, because of queued cars at 255 Park, is very real,
very real, and could lead to delayed emergency care response. If someone
has a heart attack or there's a major fire, this is the only entrance way to
our complex. It could be blocked by cars queuing into 2555 Park. Next one.
I hope the City will study in more detail the cumulative effects of all this new
development being finished or almost finished or even on the future pipeline
for California Avenue. Not enough community input, and I mean our
neighborhood, our neighborhood, Palo Alto Central, is being done by the City
or these developers. I'll give you a perfect example. I hope everyone's
listening. For 2555 Park, we had one single community meeting, just one.
That's not enough. At no time did the developer or architect reach out to
our community to seek our suggestions or make any attempt to meet with
our board, never. This should not be the Palo Alto way. Our thoughts about
                                                                         Page 61 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
