                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt requested public comment prior to Council Member
questions and comments.

Mayor Holman suggested a few Council Members comment while public
speakers submitted their speaker cards.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether a municipality had been sued over
an accident that occurred in a quiet zone.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, could not respond in relation to accidents across
the country. Within the region, she had not identified any lawsuit that raised
that question.

Council Member Berman inquired about potential costs for implementing a
quiet zone at the Alma Street crossing.

Mr. Hackmann advised that installation of median barriers would cost less
than $100,000. Costs for quad gates would likely range between $500,000
and $1 million.

Council Member Berman asked if quad gates were required.

Mr. Hackmann explained that quad gates were one of four options. At
Churchill Avenue, Meadow Drive, and Charleston Road, it would be difficult
to install median barriers of the required length. The Alma Street crossing
had median barriers. On the west side of Alma Street, the median barrier
measured 90 feet. On the east side, the median barrier measured 55 feet
and 9 feet because of a break for bicycles. If the median barrier was
lengthened to 60 feet, the City could likely obtain an exemption because the
break allowed a turning movement for bicyclists. A quiet zone could be
implemented with minimal physical improvements; however, a safety
analysis would be needed.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if the City was responsible for funding costs of
crossing improvements.

Mr. Hackmann responded yes. Staff could inquire whether Caltrain would
provide funding. Caltrain had implied that a quiet zone was not a safety
improvement; therefore, it was unlikely Caltrain would contribute funds to a
project that did not improve the safety of the corridor.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether the $500,000 to $1 million cost for
quad gates would be the cost for each crossing.

Mr. Hackmann replied yes. That estimate included design, construction, and
implementation. The City would need Caltrain approval to work within the

02/09/2015                                                             116- 453
