                         TRANSCRIPT
to the other, if you will. A third one is to go to CalPERS, request a shorter
amortization period. I know this is not a perfect example, but it's no
different than buying a house, paying it off over 15 rather than 30 years.
Much higher payment, hard to meet your budget, but you get that note paid
off. You end up paying a lot less interest. Certainly lower interest, lower
long-term payments. The other one is you come up to the end of the fiscal
year, you discover "we have a $1 million budget surplus." We have clients
who take that $1 million and they split it three ways. Way number one is
you use it for one-time projects, use a third of it for one-time projects. You
use a third of it to replenish reserves, and you use a third of it to pay down
your CalPERS unfunded liability. I think that's certainly a fiscally prudent
approach to take. The next approach is, we indicate this as one approach;
it's really two different approaches. Approach number one is you set up a
reserve to take care of contribution volatility or pay down the unfunded
liability. The challenge with that reserve is that you can't restrict the use
into the future. You're earning, for sake of argument, 50, 75 basis points on
that money. What might be a better approach is a relatively new option.
There are somewhere in the neighborhood now, I think we say here one
trust established so far. There are about half a dozen agencies around the
state that have set up these supplemental trusts. They are what's referred
to as a Section 115 trust. It reduces your GASB 68 liability, but you treat it
as a contribution volatility fund. You put some money in there to try to
mitigate the volatility of the contribution because of investment return.
There are two entities that have established these trusts where you can go
to. You could certainly set up your own. The two are PARS and PFM. Again,
about a half a dozen agencies around the state. The more we study these, if
you think of them as a contribution volatility, something to mitigate that
volatility, I'm beginning to think they work extremely well. The modeling
that we have done so far is very, very promising, but it's very, very new.
The very first one that was set up was Irvine Ranch Water District. They
essentially took money out of their reserves, paid their unfunded liability
down. Now they have no GASB 68 unfunded liability. The challenge for
them is they have to make a conscious decision to take money out of that
trust and give it to CalPERS; otherwise, they end up being overfunded. We
would suggest thinking about that might be one thing you may want to
direct Staff to do. Slide 29 and 30 look at the cost sharing. What we're
really showing is Tier 1 for Miscellaneous, 2.7 at 55; Tier 2, this is the
change that you all made before PEPRA. It's referred to as the 2 percent at
60 formula. You see a total normal cost rate of 13.7 percent, and under
PEPRA at about 12.5 percent. What you really see is the difference in the
City's normal cost versus the Tier 3 normal cost between Tier 2 and the
PEPRA formula, less than 1/2 percent. That's why there's a very, very small
difference in the PEPRA rates before. You look at Safety. The City went to 3
at 55 from 3 at 50 as the Tier 2 formula. Tier 3 formula is what's referred to
                                                                        Page 10 of 28
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/9/15
