                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Yeah, that's really what I meant to say.

Mayor Holman: You're saying "guide ...

Council Member DuBois: Decisions concerning impacts.

Mayor Holman:     I'm okay with that.    Is that okay with you, Vice Mayor
Schmid?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Guide decisions concerning impacts.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “guide” with “guide
decisions concerning.”

Mayor Holman: With that, shall we vote on the board please. That passes
on a 7-1-0 vote with Council Member Berman voting no, Council Member
Kniss absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-1 Berman no, Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: With that, colleagues, can we move then to—we wanted to
address the transportation. A little time check here. It's 11:21. To the
transportation vision statement, then we have—transportation before
community services? Yes, because transportation is the one that is going to
the CAC on the 8th. That's the one that will be coming up to them first.
Director Gitelman, do you have any comment to make to kick us off?

Ms. Gitelman: Simply that if you look in the workbook, page 16, we
summarize the Council's input on the vision statement from April. Our
understanding of your direction was to develop a revised version of the
PTC's vision statement for transportation. This was one of just a couple of
elements where the Council felt that the PTC had done a good job in
simplifying. Maybe we could still add some thoughts to the vision statement
they came up with, but that it would be the basis for a revised version that
we'd bring back to you.

Council Member Burt: I'd like to frame this a little bit in the timeframe from
when the PTC reviewed this until where we are today as a Council and a
community and the Staff commitments. I think we've made a deeper
commitment than is reflected in the PTC recommendation or in the existing
Comp Plan. I'm not sure that—I'll look to others to maybe build on
language, but I think it's along the lines that we're really talking about
building a comprehensive, sustainable transportation network. It would
                                                                      Page 106 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
