                         TRANSCRIPT
was Canopy who said this would not be sitting on the shelf and become a
paperweight, or something to that effect. It's on us to make sure that we
fund it. Year one shouldn't be a problem. That's more of a comment. We
need to make sure that we don't not fund this if we're going to pass it.
Given our financial forecast and all, whether or not there's going to be a
problem.

Mr. Keene: Given the scale of the Year one component, that's easily
managed as an Amendment to the budget, whether we want to do it in June
or July or whatever. That gives us adequate time for the subsequent years
to start building in the spending. One of the things that this Council has
shown is once you establish a policy framework, you've yoked that to a
strategic focus on putting the money aside and making the investments to
do those sorts of things. I can't see that this would be any different.

Council Member Scharff: I also want us to pass this tonight. Ten years in
the making, 2006, that really struck me as a long period. You definitely
don't want the perfect to be the enemy of the good. This is a very good
Plan. Obviously we'd prefer more native species, but I'm not sure what the
tradeoffs are on that. One of the things we also heard was that south Palo
Alto would prefer to have a broader-leaf canopy. One of the reasons I
bought in Old Palo Alto was I like the canopy there. The canopy's fantastic.
It was interesting to see the 50-plus percent canopy. I wouldn't want that
to change. I didn't go through the native species, and I'm not an expert on
native species clearly. One of the things that struck me is there necessarily
weren't that many that didn't necessarily grow up along creek beds. The
ones that are on creek beds, I assume, need more water than the ones that
aren't on creek beds. I'm not sure what kind of policies we need, what that
would do to our canopy, what that would look like. Obviously I do not think
we should be tearing down mature, beautiful trees that are in the street
trees or in the neighborhoods. We're talking about a replacement program
in my view, when we replace. That's obviously a complicated issue. I like
the idea of maybe coming back and looking at that in a year of where we
should be and what kind of Amendments we should make to that.

MOTION:     Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

    A.   Approve the Palo Alto Urban Forest Master Plan; and

    B.   Adopt the Negative Declaration of Environmental Impacts.
         Council Member Scharff: If people want to make Amendments to
         that, I'll obviously listen to it.


                                                                        Page 81 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
