                          TRANSCRIPT
of the other organizations, here are the questions you should ask them.
How many properties will be serviced per node? Are you going to stick with
the old-fashioned 1,000 units or will you be willing to go down to 100? What
will the bandwidth be that's offered? What will the download speeds be?
What will the upload speeds be? What speeds will you guarantee? A lot of
these organizations say, "We'll give you 1 gigabit." If 12 people log on at
the same time, the speed drops to a couple of megabits. When you talk to
these organizations, find out in detail what they will offer and do they have
real experience in providing it or are they just pulling things out of the air.
Don't be afraid to debate with them. Don't be afraid to argue with them.
Don't be afraid to ask for the finest, highest quality system you can possibly
get. Also, we have a City-owned fiber ring. How will that integrate and
what will that do to benefit the system that's set up? We need a lot of
information from these organizations. Don't be shy asking for it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.            Bob Harrington—Bob, are you
speaking for the CAC or for yourself?

Bob Harrington: Just for myself. We haven't really had any votes as a CAC
in total. We have a memo that we've sent to Council that five of the six of
us signed along with the Utility Advisory Commissioner. These are individual
comments, individual thoughts.

Mayor Holman: If you're going to be here, there may be some questions for
you later, too.

Mr. Harrington: Sure, that'd be great.

Mayor Holman: Great. Bob, carry on. The next speaker is Herb Borock.

Mr. Harrington: I'm Bob Harrington. I've lived in Palo Alto for 46 years and
been involved with the fiber initiative for 16 along with Peter. The time has
come for Palo Alto to choose a fiber network strategy for our City that will
materially impact our community's communication opportunities for at least
decades to come. Do we go with just the closed network guys or do we
welcome them to town at the same time as we seek a cooperative
agreement with one of them that results in an open, Citywide dark fiber
network that our City can afford? The investment to expand our existing
and very successful dark fiber network could come from just a $20 million
Fiber Fund Reserve which in turn has come from fiber user fees. There's no
taxpayer money involved. The time is exactly right for a cooperative
discussion leading to a framework of an agreement with one of the fiber
network builders coming to town. Ideally this will be accomplished before
your December 14th Council meeting. We suggest Council direct Staff to
seek a cooperative discussion with Google and AT&T leading to a dig-once,
                                                                           Page 90 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
