                          TRANSCRIPT
opportunities. Just an example, in the past year, of what our Explorers have
done. All of the community firehouse movie nights they've had a hand in.
They participated with the Racing Hearts AED program. If you learned
hands only CPR, chances are you were taught by one of our youth Explorers
that are all sitting over here. They were part of the 40th anniversary of our
EMS Program. They participated with Stanford and Stanford Hospital in a
mock EMS drill where they were transported. The payoff for that was they
got a tour of the hospital. They participate with Project Safety Net in the
Gatekeeper Training Program. If you've been to any community events
where there's been a first aid booth, chances are our youth have been
staffing that first aid booth. Under the category of only in Palo Alto, we have
a couple of Explorers who have developed their own website and
smartphone apps to keep track of their meeting schedule and other
Explorers. First of its kind. What does that mean to the Fire Department?
It's part of our overall recruitment and retention strategy. As I've shared
with you before, we're literally trying to grow our own future firefighters,
EMTs and paramedics. They're all here from the community. We try to get
our hands on them early, and we have a mantra that we're not always
hiring, but we're always recruiting. All this would not be possible without
the leadership of our Explorer youth leaders currently Firefighter/Paramedic
Adam Poarch. I would like to proudly introduce Adam. He will introduce
Madison and have a few words about her honor.

Adam Poarch, Firefighter/Paramedic, Explorer Lead Advisor: Thank you,
Chief. As the Chief mentioned, I'm the Lead Advisor for the Explorer
Program. I've known Madison for the last four years. She's been an
Explorer for five years. She's currently our captain. As of this year, it'll be
her last year as Fire Explorer. She'll be transitioning into the advisor role
next year. She wants to continue staying engaged with the Explorer
Program, which we're all very excited about. Madison first got a taste for
EMS when she was 12 years old. She was taking care of her brother, and
she had recently learned the Heimlich maneuver. When he began to choke,
she was there with quick response and dislodged what he had in his throat
and saved her brother's life. This is her second time before City Council
being recognized for being amazing. Madison really is quite amazing. She
sets the bar high for our program. She's put in a lot of hard work and effort.
Very proud to watch her grow. I'm excited to see what she does in the
future. Give her a round of applause, Madison Valentine, Explorer of the
Year.

Madison Valentine: Thank you so much. This has really been an honor.
The Explorers has been something that means a lot to me. I'm just so
happy to be here. Thank you. Thank you, Adam, for being an amazing
instructor.
                                                                          Page 2 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
