                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We do have a couple of other cleanup things that we'll add
as separate motions, since they were tentative last week. On this portion of
the motion, would Council Members vote on the board please?

Council Member Kniss: Mayor, could I add one quick thing? It will not alter
the vote.

Mayor Holman:     Can we vote on this, and then we have some add-ons
anyway?

Council Member Kniss: Didn't we vote?

Mayor Holman: Now we have. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Kniss: It simply is to reiterate what we did before, which is
that Vice Mayor Schmid did a very good job on this. We disagree on the
number of hours. He thinks it was only 25; I think it was about 35. Who's
quibbling over a few hours? Overall, you did a good job, Greg. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Question for Staff. We did have some other directionals
from last week, including the two having to do with single-story overlays
that will come to us on the 29th. We do not need to reiterate those,
correct?

Mr. Rossmann: That is correct. They were not tentatively approved. They
were approved by the Council. However, the motion on the ...

Mayor Holman: I'm getting to that. We also had a consideration of stronger
encroachment fees for construction that impacts a portion or all of a City
street or sidewalk. Do we need to confirm that motion tonight because that
was also tentative last week?

Mr. Rossmann: My understanding is that it was not tentative. If you would
like to confirm, Mayor, that will be fine.

Mayor Holman: That's the encroachment fees. I don't want to do these
individually, because we passed them last week tentatively. We have also to
keep the Code Enforcement Lead position in the Fiscal Year 2016 budget.
Direct City Manager to propose an alternate position to be removed. We
don't need that part of the motion right now. Lastly, would be to direct Staff
and Finance Committee to return in six months with an update on the
Animal Shelter. There was one last directive from last week, which was
Staff to investigate increasing Business Registry participation up to and
including increasing the late fees.      Council Members, these were all
                                                                       Page 26 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
