                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That's helpful and reassuring to know. My last one is a
comment. It's a punctuation point on something I've mentioned a number
of times. That is on packet page 14. Harriet, this isn't pointing a finger at
you. It's an ongoing issue for me. The upper left where it talks about tons
of waste land-filled and tons of materials recycled or composted. Again, we
have a C&D Ordinance that very discretely talks about salvage. There needs
to be three categories there. By the numbers, if you look at the lower right,
26 percent of commercial accounts with compostable service—oops, I'm
sorry. That's the wrong number. It's the 49,594 that talks about recycled
or composted. There's no reference to salvage. One way or the other, I'm
determined to get salvage enforced in this community. It's been in our C&D
Ordinance for 12 years, and we aren't doing it. We can talk further about
that if you want to. I'm going to end there in the interest of time.

Neilson Buchanan: Neilson Buchanan, Downtown north. I have one short
comment, and that is the cycle for the National Survey. At one time not too
far in the past, it was being presented to the public a few months before the
election for City Council. Now that the Council elections have been moved to
November, essentially the electorate does not have the benefit of more
timely National Survey results as part of the whole deliberation, campaigns,
issue development. I would ask you to consider the timing of the National
Survey relative to the election cycle for City Council. Thank you.

Rita Vrhel: I wanted to make a comment on the fact that there's 55,000
people living in Palo Alto now. I heard that 1,800 surveys were sent out,
and that 27 percent responded. 27 percent response is very subpar. The
amount of data that has been generated and the conclusions that are being
reached based on this percentage of response, I find interesting. I don't
know why the survey was reduced from 3,000 to the current number. I
don't know why the response is so terrible. I don't know if the surveys were
sent to the number of houses that are being remodeled, so someone wasn't
in those houses. It would be good if the researchers could reach out to
more people so that the overall response might be more representative of
the people that live in Palo Alto. Thank you.

Ms. Richardson: We increased the number of surveys this year. In the past,
it was 1,200. This year, it was 3,000. The response rate is pretty typical of
a response rate of this type of survey. Increasing it to 3,000 was an
attempt to get more responses, and we did. We had a similar response rate,
but more responses based on the number of surveys sent.

James Keene, City Manager: The National Citizen Survey is done to how
many different jurisdictions now? Close to 400 or something?


                                                                      Page 21 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
