                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Jonathan, I'm not saying that I'm agreeing that that's
adequate to address the issue. It's within the realm of possibilities. The
second one is around this daylight impact on the single-family home. Cara,
what would be the best way to direct that?

Ms. Silver: That would probably be a Staff-level review, but it might require
another trip to ARB for that step back. Again, it would be direct a Staff-level
or Architectural Review Board review of ...

Council Member Burt: That's what I was trying to figure out. Is it an ARB
direction? Is it a Staff direction? If it was a direction to Staff, would Staff
have discretion to go to ARB? How would that work?

Mr. Lait: You could write it either way. Another alternative you might
consider is that it's to the Director and the Director may consult with a
subcommittee of the ARB or the full Board at the Director's discretion.
There's broad latitude in how you want to address that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to add a condition of approval: Direct Staff to Review the daylight
impact on the single family home adjacent to 2555 Park Boulevard with the
Planning and Community Environment Director, who will have discretion to
consult with a subcommittee of the Architectural Review Board or the
Architectural Review Board for review.

Mayor Holman: I have a question. Because this impacts specific neighbors,
if its Staff-level or if it's an ARB subcommittee, how do those neighbors
know what the determination is and what the change is and how it might
affect them? Do they only learn that with the project approval? We're
approving it with these conditions. What's the public process for neighbors
to know what's happening?

Mr. Lait: If it's a Staff-level or subcommittee, there's no noticing as part of
that effort. If it goes to the Board, it would require notification.

Mayor Holman: If it goes to the Board, it would require notification. Does
an ARB subcommittee or Staff-level?

Mr. Lait: No. We would post it on the agenda. It wouldn't be noticed to the
neighbors per se, but it would be on the agenda.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Burt, are you satisfied with that being
public enough?

                                                                       Page 100 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
