                          TRANSCRIPT
amount wouldn't too much to upset the property owners or the
businessmen. It's worth considering. I'd like to see the vitality of California
Avenue maintained and, if possible, even improved. It's a very important
retail area. We need it, and I'd like to do everything we can to preserve it.

Cedric de la Beaujardiere: Hi. Thank you, Council, Mayor. Cedric de la
Beaujardiere, 741 Josina. I'm also here to support the concept of putting a
limit on chain or retail formula stores. We've all seen the market forces at
work transforming downtowns across the country and across the world into
these homogeneous collections of chain stores. Whether you're in a quaint
little town in France or on the East Coast or here in California, everywhere
you go, it's the Gap and McDonalds and a couple of Starbucks. It's the same
stuff over and over again. That's what the market will do unfettered. In
addition to retaining the local character. there's also an economic benefit to
local businesses. There was a study some years back that a dollar spent in a
locally owned business was recycled seven times more into the community
than a dollar spent in a chain store. I don't know how that metric might
have changed over the years, but in any case it's a multiplier effect.
Whether it's seven or three or ten, that's more money recycling in your
community when you're having a local business. I would encourage you to
be careful that if you have a conditional use permit, that it not just be a
process to follow, at the end of which is a rubber stamp. It shouldn't be,
"You need a condition use permit. Fill out this form," and it's guaranteed.
There needs to be some control for the regulating bodies that they can
actually say, "You've done the process, but we still don't like your use."
That's it. Thank you so much.

Doria Summa: Doria Summa, College Terrace. Thank you for letting me
speak again tonight. I too am in support of an Ordinance that would protect
California Avenue's character and individual businesses and limit formula
retail. In College Terrace, we consider California Avenue our Downtown. I
try to do as much shopping there, truthfully, as I can. I like to walk, not to
have to drive places. We've just finished that great project improving the
streets, so it should be even more friendly to pedestrians and bicyclists.
That was the intention. I urge you to take this action and help maintain Cal.
Ave. Thanks.

Mora Oommen: Good evening, everybody. My name's Mora Oommen. I
am a resident of Palo Alto. My husband and I work in Palo Alto. I work on
California Avenue, and my 8-year-old daughter has known nothing else but
Palo Alto. We love the place, like many of you, and love to call it our home.
California Avenue especially is a place that we love.          We love the
improvements, so thank you for all your hard work on this streetscape
project. I run Blossom Birth Services in Palo Alto. We're a nonprofit, and
                                                                         Page 39 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
