                          TRANSCRIPT
Timothy Gray: Tim Gray, south Palo Alto. I just wanted to offer a couple
ideas on a Budget process, ideas that could engage the community a little
bit more. If we could express the Budget in terms of services provided to
the town and communicate the value and prioritize. Right now there's some
who think that we're in a prosperous era. Maybe we shouldn’t be thinking
about new things to spend things on, but rather put a little bit more down
payment to maybe a Public Safety Building, which would get a little bit more
cooperation from the voters if we asked them to approve a bond measure.
If we do with a little bit less from our Operating Budget and put a down
payment towards more of our infrastructure, then we could get better
cooperation from the community. The other thing I'd like to see is a little bit
more benchmarking.         There's some belief that we spend a lot more
administrative dollars per resident, even after you factor out the utilities,
than other cities. I'd like to roll the numbers out, show the community what
we do spend and either validate that or disprove that and show how
responsible we are in our spending. That's a fair request. I hope that you
can generate some of these ideas within your committee structure as we roll
into the Budget season.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Members of the
Council. In the spirit of enhanced special events, I did want to remind
everybody that this Saturday, May 2nd, is the May Fete Parade and Fair,
which will begin at 10:00 A.M. For the history buffs, this is the 93rd Annual
May Fete Children's Parade. It starts again at 10:00 as well know, but for
newcomers in the community, on University Avenue, Downtown and ends
with the fair at Heritage Park. This year's parade theme turns on with a
theme of No Space to Alienate. I want to thank Mayor Holman for her
support this year, which included some ideas related to a number of
additions to the parade that we were able to easily make. One is an
expanded route to include Lytton Gardens and Channing House residents.
The public and the kids will be walking past the senior housing. Additional
music groups and student bands, return of the Kids with Pets category or
any child that wants to walk in the parade with their pet. We'll note that this
is not specifically limited to dogs. I guess that could be a very interesting
menagerie at the parade. Children who are not part of a specific group can
also walk in the parade in the Kids on Wheels category, which is a non-
motorized event. The fair at Heritage Park runs 10:00 A.M. to 1:00 P.M. It
is organized by the Palo Alto Recreation Foundation and the Kiwanis Club of

                                                                          Page 14 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
