                          TRANSCRIPT
Byxbee Park completion project and the Fire Station No. 4 replacement,
aren't scheduled to begin until fiscal year 2018. Obviously there's not a
status to report on those. For the Public Safety Building and California
Avenue garage projects, at next Monday's Council meeting Staff will be
presenting the results of the site evaluation of the two California Avenue
surface parking lots for the new Public Safety Building and the new California
Avenue parking garage. The sneak preview is that the study did conclude
that the sites are feasible and that the new parking garage can provide
approximately 160 parking spaces that would be in addition to the existing
spaces that are on those two surface lots. The next two projects. On the
Highway 101 pedestrian/bicycle bridge project, Staff has been working with
the Moffatt and Nichol design team that was selected by Council in March
following the design competition and evaluating the constructability and cost
of that design. Unfortunately, the estimated cost that we came up with, a
$17 million minimum, ended up being significantly higher than our project
budget, which is about $10 million. As an Agenda Item on your action
calendar for next week, Staff will be presenting a recommendation to end
those negotiations with Moffatt and Nichol and to go out with a fresh
Request for Proposal (RFP) to select a designer that would essentially design
a more standard bridge that's in better alignment with our budget. We
would also be evaluating design elements that came from the design
competition that we could discuss with the Council of potentially including in
a project.    That's the bike bridge.      The Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan
implementation, there's been quite a bit of activity on. As Council reviewed
during a Study Session in October, there are a number of bicycle boulevards
and other related projects that are under way to implement the Plan. Kind
of the next thing coming up is a contract for final design of the Bryant Street
Bike Boulevard extension, and then the Park Boulevard, Wilkie Way and
Maybell Avenue Bike Boulevards are planned to be brought to Council for
approval in January.       On the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor project,
Council recently reviewed and approved the conceptual plan line for that in
September. Our consultant that's been working on that is finishing up the
Caltrans environmental review process for the project, after which we're
planning to bring a contract to you for the design of the remaining design
work in February of next year.         That's Charleston-Arastradero.      The
Downtown parking garage. A Request for Proposals for design of the
Downtown parking garage at Lot D, which is Waverley and Hamilton, has
been drafted by Staff per Council's direction in October 2014. Just to remind
you, the new garage at that location is expected to include about 300 total
spaces which would be an increase of 214 over the existing 86 spaces that
are on Lot D. That's kind of the big picture there. Per the discussion with
Council last year, the RFP we drafted also includes evaluating opportunities
for including mechanical parking and/or retail in the garage structure. That's
another item for which approval is on your Consent Agenda for next week.
                                                                           Page 5 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
