                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: That's why I think we need to change "D" here, so it's very clear
that the project is 13 million, and that we want a bridge design that delivers
a bridge at that cost has to be the primary delivery. If we do want to allow
for the ability to identify additional enhancements in the bridge design or its
functionality ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: After the completion of the RFP process?

Mr. Keene: I think they could identify those things outside of it, but they
would have to meet the test of being able to deliver a $13 million bridge.
We would know what $4 million extra could potentially buy, so that if we
were able to secure additional funding, you could look at those.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm just concerned that that sounds a little bit like what
happened with M&N. We said here's the amount of money for the bridge,
but now let's add these other little things. They came back and said that's
too much.

Mr. Keene: We would be asking them to identify the costs of what those
additional things specifically would be. Whether we had the money or we
didn't have the money, we could choose whether or not you wanted them.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The RFP is clear we're asking for a base design of 13
million.

Mr. Sartor: Our standard contract would include a clause that says if they
come up with a design that exceeds that budget, they would have to do
value engineering and redesign at their cost to bring it back within the
budget. That will be in the contract.

Mayor Holman:        A clarification. This may be what you're going to, Jim.
We're going to       pursue additional—this is "D."     We're going to pursue
additional public   and private funding to support inclusion of enhancements to
standard bridge      design and construction cost increases. Do we want to
delete the parts    that say for a potential upper budget? Is that what you're
saying?

Mr. Keene: At a minimum, you take that part out, because we've already
set a budget of $13 million. That's a moot point. You just take that out.

Mayor Holman: We just take that part off. Is that good with ...

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss as well?

                                                                       Page 125 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
