                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Let me go backwards to speak to the second. It's
now been almost 20 years since the fiber was put in, in Palo Alto. As I recall
now, it's 41, 42 miles. Other people are making a lot of money on that, by
the way, as you probably know. Given that and also, is Bob Moss still here?
There he is. He brought up Comcast which was interesting. That's an even
longer time ago and even then revisited again. Bob Harrington also and I
have talked extensively about this. He actually was part of an experiment, I
think—if Bob's still here—in about 2009, 2010. Am I right? Somewhere in
there.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: Which was very successful at the time. Again,
because of what happens in the market and because of what happened with
the recession at that point, that also disappeared. This may not be perfect,
what we're doing tonight, but at least it moves us forward. We know at this
point that Google is at least interested. We don't know exactly what their
commitment might be. I think it's important that we move forward with
this. This has been a long time. We've discussed this many times. We had
a technology committee three years ago which got disbanded. The time is
right for this. I think that the timing is correct, especially as far as the
economy at this point. I would urge—I'm sure there are going to be more
suggestions, but I would urge us to vote yes on this.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I just have a simple economic question. A couple
members of the audience brought it up. If we co-build with Google, after a
certain period of time we will have our dark fiber passing every premise,
connected to 85 percent of premises, but it will be dark. Google will have a
lit fiber. As soon as you light the fiber, you start income streams. Over the
last ten years, every consultant that's come in, that we've asked to help us
build out. They want the income stream. Our we allowing Google to
preempt the most valuable thing, the income stream? Will be here five
years from now saying, "We have a great dark fiber thing, but we're losing
our small businesses. We're losing our telecommuters, and maybe even our
big businesses." We'll be spending money each year and having fewer and
fewer options for the future. Does a build-out with Google preempt our
future?

Mr. Keene: We actually may want to have someone from the CAC also jump
in now. Respectfully, the question presumes we have an alternative where
we actually have built and provided as a utility the service ourselves directly


                                                                           Page 98 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
