                          TRANSCRIPT
funding for grade crossings? There are a number of ways that we've talked
about doing this, whether it's potentially Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) or our own sales tax or our own kind of funding mechanism.
There's a combination of ways that we could do this. Is Staff looking at any
kind of way to address the grade crossing issue as part of infrastructure?

Mr. Keene: I'd say yes, but I think it's in a different category very much
than sort of obviously the Infrastructure Plan that the Council has adopted.
We're primarily responding to the defined set of projects and the funding
that you have put together for this. As you know, your newly reconstituted
Rail Committee, which will actually have its first organizing meeting on the
16th, in many ways I think that's—we have High Speed Rail issues, but I
think the grade separation issue as it relates to the existing right-of-way and
Caltrain is probably the heart and soul of what that Committee's going to be
focused on. Every time we get into this subject, the Council makes it pretty
clear that it is probably the biggest character-defining decision that we've
got to—problem we've got to solve for the long-term welfare of the City. In
one sense, we probably have people in almost every department having a
touch on this, just like each one of you Council Members has it highly rated.
We certainly don't have a specific financial strategy put together. There's
some more detailed work that I think the Committee will be talking about.
We've got to build some more detailed information actually about the costs
themselves for grade separation than we have to date. Also, what the series
of different strategies will be to put the things together over time. I don't
think I'm telling the Council anything you don't already know.

Mayor Holman: I would agree with that. Thank you for the comments. I
guess what I'm thinking about is that we look at this holistically. Even if
there aren't answers yet, we do have a holistic list of projects and potential
projects. I don't think we can leave grade crossings off of this list, even if
there aren't answers. I'm kind of disappointed that Planning and Public
Works haven't been talking more maybe about some of the bicycle
boulevards in terms of implementation dates and stuff like that. If they're
on the list, at least they're in front of us and not just put over to the side. If
we can include those kinds of things, I'd really appreciate it. My last
comment is golf course and Downtown Post Office are mentioned briefly as
those are outlay, but there's also income or cost savings with those too.
Let's not lose sight of that either. I have lights from DuBois, Wolbach and
Scharff. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:         I just wanted to weigh in on the staffing
discussion. I think if we distinguish between Staff versus kind of multiyear,
temporary help, it seems kind of similar to what we did on the fiber project.
I think the construction people make sense, but five years from now
                                                                           Page 28 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/9/15
