                          TRANSCRIPT
increases. Did the two add up or are there some reductions in other places
that made this pencil out?

Mr. Keene: There is a combination of some changes this year. I did
mention, but I probably zoomed over it, that it does include a reduction of 6
FTEs this year from the 2015 Budget that have already been pushed through
and away. There's more like 13 positions, but a net of 7 year-over-year
changes. When the Finance Committee and the Council looks at this, you'll
be looking at about 10.9 positions or so in the General Fund and enough to
make 13.3 in the other fund. 2.4.

Council Member Burt: I was glad to hear that we're having another Code
Enforcement Officer, but then I heard that it was a Lead and the description
was that it would give oversight to the other two Officers. I wanted to
understand whether that additional position is ...

Mr. Keene: It is a working lead.

Council Member Burt: It's a working lead.

Mr. Keene: Yeah, it's not sitting back at the office.

Council Member Burt: The other thing was in the Development Center and
Planning. I certainly understand the additional transportation positions,
because we're investing a great deal into that. That's going to be an
ongoing investment in our community. Given the direction we are taking
with things like the cap on new office, which would mitigate the level of new
office growth that we've been having the last several years during a peak
period, I was assuming that if anything that might reduce the Development
Center demands on the commercial side and maybe to some marginal
degree on the planning side.        I understand that Planning has been
understaffed. Could you explain that a little bit more?

Mr. Keene: That's a good question. We'll have to work through that with
the Finance Committee and with the Development Services Director. The
positions in the Development Services Budget can be a little confusing.
There is the addition of an Assistant Chief Building Official, which is a new
position. That's the one in particular we'll need to respond to, what you're
talking about, Council Member. The other main position is the addition of a
Planning Manager, but that is because the Planning Manager that has been
assigned to work with the Development Services Staff from Planning is going
back to Planning to support more of the current Planning efforts. To be
honest with you, I thought it was easier to fund the position that way with
offsetting it by new fees or whatever. Having it in Development Services
rather than in the General Fund. The heart of the matter is the Assistant
                                                                        Page 10 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Trasncript: 04/27/2015
