                          TRANSCRIPT
suggest that you include the rent subsidy comparables for three and four-
bedroom units and not hold it to one and two-bedroom units. Thank you.
I'll leave copies of those two slides with the Clerk.

Linda Dominguez:         Good evening, Mayor Karen Holman and Council
Members. I would like to thank you for this opportunity to tell you about the
long-term care program at Catholic Charities of Santa Clara County. Also to
thank the City of Palo Alto for the past continuous support of the
Ombudsman Program.          The Ombudsman is an advocate for the most
vulnerable citizens of your City, those who live in nursing homes and
assisted living facilities. We advocate for the dignity and the rights and
needs of seniors and the disabled in those facilities. This is an unduplicated
service of Santa Clara County. No other program has 24/7 access to
residents and facilities. The Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program (LTCOP)
is authorized by the Federal Older Americans Act as well as the California
Older Americans Act to advocate for the rights of seniors and disabled
residents in a long-term care facility. The main function of the Ombudsman
Program is to investigate and to resolve complaints made on behalf of the
residents related to issues of quality of care and abuse. The Long-Term
Care Ombudsman Program promotes the interest, well-being and rights of
the long-term care facility residents. A Long-Term Care, LTC, Ombudsman
protects and helps improve the quality of care and life for the frailest of our
senior and disabled population. Living in a long-term care facility is often
not the first choice for anyone. Many seniors and disabled adults have no
option but to live in a facility. For this reason, it's very important that their
rights are protected. Often a long-term care resident lacks the ability to
exercise their rights or voice complaints about their circumstances. The
presences of a Long-Term Care Ombudsman in itself provides quality of care
and life of all residents by giving a voice to those seniors and providing an
advocate for their needs and concerns. We investigate complaints, solve
problems, give referrals and witness advanced healthcare directives. All of
our services are free to residents, families and friends. We partner with
agencies such as Senior Adult Legal Assistance Service (SALAS), Next Door
Solution, the Police and Sheriff's Departments and Adult Protective Services.
For the City of Palo Alto, our contract visits 260 residents in three facilities,
and we resolved 26 complaints. Although the City only funds the Long-Term
Ombudsman Program for the visits made in Lytton Gardens Nursing and
Assisted Living and Palo Alto Nursing, which are three facilities, the program
visits all long-term care facilities in Palo Alto and responds to all calls and
complaints. The Palo Alto City facilities and residents, we have four nursing
homes, nine Residential Care Facilities for Elderly (RCFE), six bed-and-board
cares, a total of Santa Clara 51 nursing homes, 360 assisted living facilities.
We have 1,030 residents in Palo Alto facilities. The City of Palo Alto has one
Staff, three volunteers. Last year, our volunteers contributed 5,445 hours to
                                                                         Page 17 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
