             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                                 May 6, 2015
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt arrived at 6:49 P.M., DuBois, Filseth, Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff arrived at 7:10 P.M., Schmid, Wolbach arrived at
           6:13 P.M.

Absent:

Historic Resources Board

Present:   Bernstein, Bower, Bunnenberg, Chair Kohler, Vice Chair Makinen,
           Wimmer

Absent:    DiCicco

Oral Communications

Joe Simitian, Santa Clara County Supervisor: Thank you very much, Madam
Mayor, Council Members and Members of the Historic Resources Board. We
have, as you know, been having a conversation for the last few months
about the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park with respect to whether or not we
can find a way to avoid the eviction of its 400 residents and preserve the
site for affordable housing in perpetuity.      From the beginning of that
conversation, I have said we need to find two things:            partners and
resources. To that end, as you know, the County stepped up with an $8
million set aside. Your City administratively has taken the same action
subject to Council ratification. We've had 500 folks from the community who
joined us here in the Chambers to share their support for the effort. Our
local Congresswoman, Anna Eshoo, and our State Senator, Jerry Hill, and
Assemblymember Rich Gordon have stepped up as well to try and help with
State and Federal funds. We've been in touch with a host of community
nonprofits and philanthropic organizations and individuals to see if there's a
path to success. I should tell you that at the April 21st meeting of our Board
of Supervisors, the Board voted to authorize our County staff to identify and
select in a competitive process a partner for us to work with. On April 28th,
a contract was signed between the County of Santa Clara and the Caritas


                                                                      Page 1 of 63
