                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: The whole thing.

Council Member Burt: The rest is already covered. It's going to go back to
the ARB based on the above. Our preamble above said it's going to go to
HRB and ARB.

Mayor Holman: Right. What we need to be clear on is what the ARB is
going to be doing. My concern is they have bases on which they're
supposed to review projects. Like I say, that's what got us here tonight.

Council Member Burt: I don't understand what this adds.         The title says
what's going to the ARB.

Mr. Keene: Might I make a logistical request? Do you think I could dismiss
the Staff? It's looking like this is an internal Council thing. The City
Attorneys will still be here, and I'll be here. It just sounds like a technical
thing. Thank you.

Council Member Burt:      I don't see what that "1" is adding that's not
addressed elsewhere.

Mayor Holman: We have to have the part that says that the ARB needs to
address the following Council concerns.

Council Member Burt: We have a title that that's ARB, and then we talk
about what they're going to do.

Mayor Holman: Okay. Then "to address the following Council concerns
regarding required findings." Then we list those concerns.

Council Member Burt: Up above we said it's going to the ARB and the HRB.
Under we're just listing what the ARB is going to do.

Mayor Holman: Exactly. That's right. That gives guidance.

Council Member DuBois: Karen, do you want the phrase "to address the
following Council concerns" in the first section?

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry.

Council Member DuBois: Is it the phrase "addressing the following Council
concerns" that you want to make sure is present?

Mayor Holman: Yes. Hold on just a second. Yes. What I'm trying to
eliminate here is not send it back to ARB and what are they supposed to do,


                                                                       Page 90 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
