                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Fehrenbach: Thank you, Council Member Berman.            I think it's mostly
related to the fact that it's a new program for Palo Alto.

Council Member Berman: People just getting used to it, getting comfortable
with it.

Mr. Fehrenbach: Right. Whereas, in other cities, it's been baked into their
business license for ...

Council Member Berman: Registry or tax or whatever they've had for a long
time, okay. Let's keep on kind of assuring folks that we're going to protect
their personally identifiable information and it's not going to be—we'll make
sure to keep good care of it and it won't be abused. It's hard to tell without
having all the information. You mentioned that there might be some errors
in there, and I don't know what those errors are or how large they are. I
thought it was really pretty striking the number of employees per square
foot Downtown, the number of employee per square foot overall for different
types of uses. A question that I had that I thought about a while ago with
restaurants is do we take shifts into account. Restaurants might have two
shifts, two sets of employees over the course of a day. The intensity of that
is really 50 percent of the total employees. Right? Only 50 percent are
there at one time. That should be something that we're considering as we
analyze the data and make certain decisions based on it. I don't know how
you go about doing that, and I'll leave that up to you guys to factor that in.
It might be something to consider, if there's a way to get a little more
information from folks about maximum number of employees they have
onsite at one time or something like that that'll help us really get that
actionable data that we want.

Mr. Fehrenbach:     Thank you, Council Member Berman.       Actually in
conjunction with the TMA, that's essentially the way that we asked the
question. We also have information on hours of operation.

Council Member Berman: Then I guess my last point will be on compliance.
I like the idea of tying it to other permits. Like we talked about with the
RPP, if folks come and are trying to do X but they haven't complied with this
yet, they can't move forward on that until they do, seems to make sense to
me. I'd be comfortable with maintaining the current level of fines for now
based on the fact that this program is four months old or five months old or
six months old at this point. Let's try to think long about this. There are a
lot of shocks happening to our business community right now. I think we
need to be cognizant of that and be a little patient and just kind of
understand that this program won't be perfect after a year.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.
                                                                         Page 20 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
