                         TRANSCRIPT
Jessica Brettle: Hello. Thank you, Mayor Holman, Council Members, City
Manager. I'm so excited about starting on Monday. I'm just thrilled that
Beth offered me the position here at the City of Palo Alto. I come from the
City of Georgetown, Texas, which is about 30 miles north of Austin in central
Texas. I was City Clerk there for eight years. I'm going from one good
community to an amazing community. I've only been here for a week, but I
can tell you that every single person I've met has been so kind and gracious.
All the City employees that I've met through the interview process were
fantastic.    I can tell that this is a first-class City and world-class
organization. Just really looking forward to it. I look forward to meeting all
of you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Welcome and look forward to you getting your
feet planted. Thank you so much. Our next speaker is Catherine Martineau,
and you'll have three minutes.

Catherine Martineau: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Thank you, Council
Members and City Manager Keene, Vice Mayor Schmid. I found out that the
City of Enschede has an amazing giant sequoia tree. It's about, I think, 180
feet, and it was planted in the mid-1800s. I hope it's not just below a PG&E
gas line. I'm here to talk about the PG&E CPSI which is the Community
Pipeline Safety Initiative. I know that the Council and of course the City
Staff is very aware of this program, but I thought I would take this
opportunity to alert the community to it. CPSI, Community Pipeline Safety
Initiative, is an initiative to remove thousands of trees that are placed on
PG&E easements near gas lines. It's all over California. We don't know how
many trees altogether, but in Palo Alto there are between 600 and 700 trees
that are being assessed right now by PG&E for potential removal. Out of
those trees, about half are on public right-of-way and the other half is on
private property. It includes for example 70 big street trees, mature street
trees, on Middlefield Road from Charleston to Ashton Avenue. On Ashton
Avenue, about 100 trees are in backyards. Canopy and the City Public
Works Department have been working together and with PG&E to ensure
that no tree is removed unnecessarily. If a tree needs to be removed,
adequate mitigation is offered by PG&E. PG&E has agreed not to remove
any trees, enter into any agreement with residents until they have provided
their assessment to the City and the City can help residents make decisions
on what's best. Of course, safety is paramount, but we're asking the
residents not to enter into any agreement until the City has had a chance to
review all of those trees and make a determination and also look into
possible alternative solutions to removing whole stands of public trees and
private trees.     Again, safety is paramount, but we're looking for the
residents to cooperate and not agree immediately to removals. Thank you.

                                                                        Page 8 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
