                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I have two questions. One is in the main
Motion. Where it says to adopt boundaries identified in the Staff Report, is it
clear from that that we are not also approving the exemption for the
coordinated area plans? Does that need to be more ...

Mayor Holman: We're not talking about those yet.

Council Member Filseth: That doesn't need to be more explicit. On the issue
we're discussing right now, which is—the business of the interim Ordinance
and the two years is—it's actually kind of irrelevant to the discussion that we
started out on. The question that got asked was should the Council decide
right now to extend this to the whole City instead of just the three areas.
The answer from legal is in order to take that action, it would have to be
noticed and agendized and so forth, so we couldn't do it tonight. The
Motion, part "b" got added to say we'll give it some time to be agendized
and for public discussion and so forth. It really doesn't have anything to do
with the duration of the interim Ordinance. There shouldn't actually be—if
the intent is to allow the Staff or to allow the Council to vote on extending it
to the whole City, there shouldn't be a heck of a lot of work on the Staff's
part to do any analysis. I mean, really the issue is not Staff analyzing. The
issue is it has to be noticed and agendized. I don't see why the argument of
"b" is going to overload the Staff, and it's inconsistent with the interim
nature of the Ordinance. I think that's all irrelevant. I think the issue is do
we want to vote on it as a Council. If so, it needs to be agendized and
noticed. I think that's the real issue around that. As far as Stanford, I
agree. I think we've captured that in "a." I don't think—if we really want to
add some more in there, I guess we could. There's another bullet, but I
think we've pretty much captured it in "a."

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I was struck by the PTC Minutes that were included.
Five of the six members who participated said the interim Ordinance isn't
solving the problem. The Council needs to do the Comp Plan. We have a
scheduled date, October 5, to deal with land use including L-8 in the Comp
Plan. The interim Ordinance as defined is a nice interim Ordinance that
would give us something for two years. The important thing is what are we
doing to do on October 5th with L-8. That's, for me, the issue.

Mayor Holman: Any other comments, Council Members? We will vote on
the amendment please. You'll note I ended up voting for that, but I have
something else coming. That amendment passes. That's right, Council
Member DuBois is out.   That amendment passes on a—what is that?


                                                                         Page 92 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
