                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: First of all, I'd like to thank everyone for coming
out tonight.    I appreciate and thanks to both the attorneys for their
statements. In looking at this, I'm going to support the peer review
concept. What we're looking to do tonight is to be independent and
unbiased. What we're really asking ourselves is, is Mr. Beccaria's appraisal
correct. Has it taken into account all of the factors? What we really need is
a peer reviewed process in which an independent appraiser, who conducts
an appraisal according to professionally acceptable methods, looks at this
and ensures that it has been done correctly. That is our job. It's important
that we move in that direction. I've got to say I think the implication that
the City Council has not been unbiased was unfair and incorrect. All of us
have been very unbiased in this process and very circumspect in the way we
thought about this. You could tell from the questions and the record that
everyone's kept an open mind, and everyone has moved forward in thinking
about what is a fair and just process. It's hard to argue that having
something peer reviewed is not a fair and just process. and allows that there
are no mistakes made in the appraisal. This is something that's really
important to a lot of people. It's got to be done right and in a fair and
unbiased way. If we move forward in the peer review process, that we gain
that and we make it clear to everyone that that's what we're doing. That's
the direction we should move.

Council Member DuBois: Two questions. I do have Page 5 in one of my
documents, the one with the redlines. The other one didn't. I assume those
were the same.

Ms. Stump: Yes, that's the same document.

Council Member DuBois: Why was the time for limited supplemental review
shortened from 30 days to 10 days?

Ms. Stump: On further reflection, it appeared to me that 30 days was longer
than needed given the length of time that this process has already gone on.
The park owner has commented that the process has been lengthy and very
thorough. That is factually true. Out of sensitivity to keeping the process
moving, I looked at the schedule and thought that that could be reduced. I
do have to respond to the Residents Association's assertion that there isn't
sufficient time. In fact, the residents have had the individual appraisals of
their units for many, many months. There was opportunity throughout this
entire process, even before the Hearing Officer, to introduce specific
evidence in response to that, should they have wished to have done so.
What's now proposed is that Council, on behalf of the City, make sure that
that is done through a peer review process. That's already two full looks at


                                                                      Page 20 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/26/15
