                          TRANSCRIPT
emergency vehicles as well as the everyday traffic. As you all know, there
are more accidents on 101 than there have been in past years. Getting
emergency vehicles to just 101 is really a problem.             Parking. We're
concerned about parking.          There is conflicting information in what
Mr. Williamson said.      His write-up says 90 percent of parking will be
underground. He just said all. Which is it? Where are employees going to
park? We're very concerned about the truck hauling once construction, if it
were to start, started. We have a new San Antonio Road. Are we going to
ruin it again so quickly with all these trucks? Neighborhoods. This does not
fit in our neighborhood.       Five-story buildings in a one and two-story
neighborhood? Sorry, it just doesn't go aesthetically or with the plans. The
City has recently supported the one story in Greer neighborhoods. Why not
keep the limit in our neighborhood as well? I'm very concerned about water.
Going down two levels for parking, what about groundwater? This is already
a huge issue in the City as all this water is being pumped out into the
streets. I acknowledge the right of investors to do a project. Is there not a
compromise here? Could we not, say, go to three stories instead of five
stories?    I'm willing compromise with them if they are willing to do
something to respect our neighborhood, our health, our right. I also want to
point out two wrong statements that Mr. Williamson made or at least it's in
conflict with what is in his brochure here. First of all, he keeps referring to it
as San Antonio Boulevard. You'd think if you're developing a project, he
could at least get the street address right. It's San Antonio Road. He talked
about the project being right across from the nursery. Sorry, it's right
across from Greenhouse II. I would question what other misstatements has
the developer made and put into this program. Thank you very much for
your consideration.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Joan Beitzs-Zuri to be followed by Lu Lu.

Joan Beitzs-Zuri: I live in the Greenhouse I. The height, bland design, scale
and the mass of the five-story, 297 rooms, two hotels with only a single
access in the middle of an already congested San Antonio Road are simply
not compatible with our neighborhood. At the ARB new business meeting on
June 4, 2015, neighbors who would be impacted by this project voiced the
reasons for our concerns and opposition to having these two hotels built. At
the end of this meeting, the recommendation that the ARB made to Marriott
was to make major changes in the design, scale, height and mass of this
project in order to be more compatible with the neighborhood. They
suggested perhaps a terrace look with three stories in the front, with the
fourth behind that, and the fifth behind that. The ARB agreed that the
current architectural design is an eyesore. It's just simply really ugly. Also,
since this would be the first hotel in a mostly residential neighborhood,
Marriott was asked to make this an extremely pleasant design that would be
                                                                           Page 6 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 12/7/15
