                         TRANSCRIPT
to me neither, because the travelers will mostly drive because they won't
take a shuttle to (inaudible) or to Mountain View downtown or to Palo Alto.
Adding a bike lane will further reduce the capacity of the road which is
already far from enough. As residents in the San Antonio area, the project
is not desirable to me. That's all. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Joan Larrabee to be followed by Susie Mitchell.

Joan Larrabee: Good evening, Honorable Mayor and City Council Members.
My name is Joan Larrabee. I've lived in the Palo Alto Greenhouse at 777 San
Antonio Road for over 30 years. I have found it to be a very family-friendly
neighborhood. The Greenhouse I has a 140 dwelling units; Greenhouse II
has 79. We have a new library. We have a new community center. We still
have Cubberley. We have the only YMCA in the City of Palo Alto, and it's
open seven days a week from 6:00 in the morning, most nights 'til 10:00 at
night. We have the Jewish Community Center which is open to everybody,
again with preschool clear up and four or five different options for housing
mainly for seniors. We have several neighborhood parks. Shoreline Park's
right at the end of our street, walking distance. There's a gym at the JCC; a
lot of members of Greenhouse I go over there. Many schools, private.
There are two schools on San Antonio Road, one of them is from K to eighth
graders, and the other one is from first grade through eighth grade. There
are daycare centers along there and preschools. On the north side of San
Antonio Road, there are 26 single-family homes, and there are some
apartment buildings. On the south side, there is the Rosewalk which has 49
units of townhouses. San Antonio Village has 40 units of townhouses.
Nearby we have Charleston Village which has 32 units of townhouses. These
are all very pleasant places to live. I think we have all found where we live
to be a very pleasant place. We can walk to Piazza grocery store; we can
walk to the library. We have a lot of shopping up at Midtown Shopping
Center. I did notice that on the developer's map all of the businesses that
he said would send people to the hotels, those are not in Palo Alto so they
would not be serving Palo Alto. They'd be serving other cities. I feel like it
should be for housing so that people can live here who work here and not
people who are transient and staying for a couple of days and going on. I'd
like it to be for housing so that other people can enjoy the family friendly
neighborhood that I have enjoyed for 33 years. I take the opportunity to
ask everybody who's opposed to this project please stand up. Thank you for
your attention.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our next speaker is Susie Mitchell, to be
followed by Rita Vrhel, our final speaker.



                                                                        Page 8 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
