                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Doria Summa to be followed by Lydia Kou.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council, Staff and applicant. I
understand that this is a preliminary hearing and no decisions will be made
tonight. I am very concerned about the applicant's request to rezone from
PF to CC(2) and to amend Comp Plan land use designation from Major
Institution Special Facility to Regional Community Commercial. As the Staff
Report points out, Regional Community Commercial is for uses such as
Stanford Shopping Center or Town and Country. It's not at all consistent
with this site which is surrounded by residential uses and across from CS, CN
and PF uses. I think there needs to be an analysis of how this land use
designation will be consistent with other elements in the Comp Plan, and
that has not yet been provided. This site lies within the proposed Cal. Ave.
Concept Area Plan which has not yet been adopted. Our Comp Plan itself is
in the process of being updated. I think it's unfortunate given the State's
and the region's serious water issues that there is no discussion of how this
site might make use of the Palo Alto reclaimed water especially when there
are plans to bring water within literally several blocks of this site. I agree
with others about the many problems a project like this would create in this
location, including traffic, congestion, greenhouse gas emissions, problems
with height, setbacks, compatibility with residential uses that surround it. I
really do not think that a CC(2) zone change is appropriate. I do not think
that you've been given enough information about how this proposal is
consistent with the other elements across the Comp Plan. I believe the site
could be used in a way that would be much more beneficial to the
community as a whole as PF for sure or, if necessary, CN. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Lydia Kou to be followed by our final speaker,
Rita Vrhel.

Lydia Kou: Good evening, Council Members and Mayor Holman. Indeed the
project cannot solve all the City's issues, but certainly will contribute to the
City's issues. When the current owner purchased this property from VTA,
they were fully aware this property was zoned PF and knew of its
implications.   Reading page 4 of the Staff Report, Staff seems to be
concerned about the economic well-being of the property owners. They
think that the PF zone has a limited list of conditionally permitted use and,
therefore, the site is better suited for commercial use. The Staff Report
does mention that this property is located at a busy intersection which is the
reason it is better suited for commercial rather than residential uses. Yet,
Staff fails to mention that this busy intersection, Page Mill and El Camino,
has a level of service rating of "E," which means there are major delays as
reported in the Expressway Plan 2040 fact sheet shared by the County of
Santa Clara Roads and Airport Departments. Further a Study Session
                                                                         Page 50 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
