                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: I would accept that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine with me. I accept that.

Council Member DuBois: I had prepared a Motion. I would actually continue
that to also add that "neighborhoods are protected from increased traffic,
parking, noise and pollution while business districts are competitive and
attractive." There are two changes: "prioritized" to "balanced" and a little
bit more on what protection means.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Filseth, seeing that amendment, are you
good with that?

Council Member Filseth: I'm good with that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm open to it, but I'm not going to accept it
because I want to hear a little bit more discussion and have a better
understanding of it before I accept it. I'm going to decline it for now.

Mayor Holman: We need a second to the amendment.

Council Member Filseth: I'll second.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to add to the Motion, “replace sentence 3 of the Vision
Statement with, ‘the competing needs of residents and businesses will be
prioritized so that neighborhoods are protected from increased traffic,
parking intrusion, noise, and pollution, while business districts are
competitive and attractive.’”

Mayor Holman: Thought you might. Council Member DuBois, you want to
speak to your amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. We've talked about this before. Part of the
Comp Plan is—there's a little bit of things for everybody. I think we should
be a little clearer on priorities when there are conflicting items. Again, I'm
trying to keep here that we are going to be attractive and competitive for
business and the rest of the vision about being sure the economy thrives. I
think defining what we mean by protection is a good idea.

                                                                        Page 67 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
