                         TRANSCRIPT

terms of people showing up for these Healthy City meetings. It was open to
all that were interested. When the Council first selected the Healthy Cities,
Healthy Communities Priority at their Retreat, I and I think many others
intuitively supported the concept. I thought this is a good thing. As then
time passed and we reflected on that Retreat and the Priority, it was clear to
me that there wasn't a lot of direction really there. It was a nice idea, but
what did it really mean for the community and for the City of Palo Alto? It
was helpful to engage citizens and business leaders and residents in what it
meant to them. We had some rich conversation over the spring and early
summer. What we found, several things One, this is a very, very broad
topic. Arguably, almost anything we do as a City organization can be framed
in some way to impact this Priority. The citizens and business leaders that
met with us were interested in discussing what Healthy Cities and Healthy
Communities meant to them, their organizations.           We discussed the
relationship between health and happiness, chronic health issues,
homelessness, the built environment, the arts, simple acts of kindness and
civility and its relationship to a healthy community. I think it's fair to say
these early meetings definitely were a storming phase of a group, very
interesting conversation, sharing of perspectives and learning from one
another. At this point, we could have come back to the Council. In
reflection, it probably could have been a good idea to do that at that time
but, as we said, we were storming with the community and I wasn't really
sure what we would bring back at that time honestly. We felt like we should
keep going, keep working, see if we can get some structure and present
something to Council that they can respond to and react to. We moved on,
and we began to try and define where are we today with respect to Healthy
Cities Healthy Communities. I'm going to ask Lacee to talk a little bit about
the recreation programs, and then I'll carry on.

Lacee Kortsen, Community Services Manager: We actually have done quite
a bit in Palo Alto. You all live here, and so you kind of benefit from all the
great things that we have available to our residents. The little pie chart that
you see on the right, it's an example of number of programs that we offer in
each of those categories every season, so that's four seasons a year.
Fitness, aquatics, middle school athletics, sports programs, open space
offers a variety a free programs to entice people to take advantage of all the
open space. We have a golf course and, of course, our gorgeous parks. All
things that encourage a healthy community. In addition, we also have a
variety of programs that encourage people to explore the creative
expression, another element to health that's very important. We have the
performing arts. Children's Theatre kind of takes the cake in that one. I
hope you've all been to a production or two from the Children's Theatre. It's
                                                                         Page 56 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
