                             MINUTES
Council Member DuBois stated the City could not legally keep bicycles off
streets. Perhaps the City could designate some streets for primarily vehicle
use. The City should alert people to bike boulevards and their location, so
they could stay off dangerous streets.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that each project was greatly individualized. The
City did not have a strong signage network yet, but was implementing
signage in pieces. Staff could institute simple fixes immediately, but could
not sign a project until the facility was in place. Progress was more
important than perfection.

Council Member DuBois suggested moving a section of the Plan from Alma
Street to a less busy street. He requested more information regarding the
pedestrian/bike counting technology. He was interested in new technologies
to measure vehicle traffic, specifically cut-through traffic at more locations.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated Staff's vision was to tie individual projects to other
programs. Any project had to provide an open data source so that data
could be collected and shared. The City needed community support to begin
moving projects forward.

Council Member Wolbach remarked that Staff was moving from
experimentation to data collection to mass implementation. He inquired
whether data indicated sharrows were ready for mass implementation. Both
consistency and context were important.

Mr. Rodriguez was utilizing a common sense approach. A sharrow was an
approved traffic control device. He wanted to collect data over a year's time
with respect to greenback sharrows. As long as the City had engineering
approval and a resolution adopting nontraditional California Design Center
policies, Staff could implement and were implementing tools. Staff was
working on a Resolution to present to the Council in the spring. Some
projects should be submitted to an experimental phase before
implementation.

Council Member Wolbach noted Boulder, Colorado, had 3 percent more
bicycle commuters than Palo Alto. He asked if the City could emulate any of
Boulder's programs to increase the number of bicycle commuters.

Mr. Rodriguez did not want to compare Palo Alto to other cities, but wanted
other cities to compare themselves to Palo Alto.

Council Member Wolbach encouraged the Council and Staff to notice what
was occurring in other cities and to discuss whether projects from other
cities could be translated to Palo Alto.

01/20/2015                                                             216- 334
