                    ACTION MINUTES
      Impact Report has Been Prepared (Staff Requests This Item be
      Continued to December 7, 2015).

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 4-6, 10-13 PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

13A. (Former Agenda Item Number 9) Approval of a Seven Month Contract
     With Cypress Security, Inc. Not to Exceed $439,44 for "Track Watch"
     Contract Security Services and Adoption of a Related Budget
     Amendment Ordinance 5362.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to approve a seven-month contract with Cypress Security, Inc. not to
exceed $439,441 for “Track Watch” contract security services and adopt a
related Budget Amendment Ordinance.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   Review and Direction Regarding a Draft Ordinance Regulating
      Hazardous Materials Users and Sensitive Receptors Such as
      Residences, Schools, Day Care Centers, Convalescent Homes and
      Similar Uses in Office, Research and Manufacturing Districts and
      Making Related Changes to Municipal Code Provisions Related to Non-
      Conforming Uses, as Well as a Draft Ordinance Regarding Amortization
      of Uses at Communications & Power Industries, LLC (CPI), 607-811
      Hansen Way.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to direct Staff to prepare two Ordinances substantially in the form of
the draft Ordinances regulating hazardous materials users and establishing a
schedule for amortizing a nonconforming use, to be reviewed by the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and consideration by the City
Council at a noticed Public Hearing before the end of February 2016 with the
exception that Staff be directed to prohibit Tier 3 uses. Direct Staff to work
with neighborhood stakeholders and Communications & Power Industries,
LLC (CPI) to explore whether there is a resolution that could add substantial
neighborhood protections such as better communication tools and/or a
shorter period to eliminate the plating shop from the site while considering
CPI’s concerns about the 2026 date.



                                                                           Page 4 of 6
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 11/16/15
