                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: As I mentioned earlier, climate change in general
and also homelessness in particular are a ...

Council Member Burt: (inaudible) climate change.

Council Member Wolbach: Right. Are a couple of areas where beyond just
being important in the Land Use Element, I may incorporate "work in
multiple Elements." I want to make sure the CAC is able to take time, if
they feel it's appropriate, whether it's through a subcommittee or whatever,
they determine is reasonable to work on multiple Elements simultaneously to
make sure that the language is coordinated between them. The same with
homelessness for instance, community services, housing, and land use just
to line stuff up, to avoid redundancies and things like that.

Mr. Dennis: Thank you. I think that right now the CAC has actually been
able to do most of that work as they're currently constructed.        The
subcommittee process allows for that to occur as well. I think we've got it
covered.

Council Member Wolbach: If that's addressed by the status quo, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: Should I come back to you if you have something else?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, if you could come back to me. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I had in line Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. I guess I wanted to go back to "B." I
guess I wanted to understand, now that we've changed a little bit. Council
Member DuBois, you indicated you didn't want to outlaw software
development in Downtown. There seemed to be two things that were going
on here. There's the notion that—I'll just put it out there. There seems to
be a concern that Palantir has taken over our Downtown, that you're worried
about the scale of a company like Palantir. There seems to be two things. I
guess I'm not quite sure what "evaluate the modern definitions for the
commercial zoning districts," how that works with the second part of this
which is "suggest approaches Council can use to specify what types and
scale of commercial operations are suitable for Downtown." They're both
different things. What do you see Staff doing under "evaluate modern use
definitions for commercial Downtown"?

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think more than half the jobs probably
didn't exist in 1998. I think, again, when we look at updating our Comp
Plan, particularly again in the introduction to the Land Use Element where
are a lot of these definitions are placed. I think it's just worthwhile to take a
                                                                         Page 88 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
