                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Hang on just a second. The amendment is to go with
Planning and Transportation Commission prior to going to Policy and
Services? Excuse me, prior to going to Planning and Transportation.

Council Member Filseth: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Policy and Services Committee prior to ...

Ms. Stump: Just a brief clarification there.

Mayor Holman: ... Planning and Transportation Commission. I'm sorry?

Ms. Stump: It wouldn't typically be that an item would go from a Council
Committee to a Commission. Usually a Council Committee is making a
recommendation to the Council.

Mayor Holman: That's very true. That's very true.

Ms. Stump: I can't think of why you wouldn't be able to do that, if you
really wanted to. Just wanted to point out that's a little unusual, so it would
be that the four Council Members on Policy and Services would refine and
then it would go to PTC and then come back to the full Council.

Council Member Filseth: That's it. That's consistent, yeah.

Mayor Holman: That is your intention?

Council Member Filseth: That is my intention.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, do you accept the amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm thinking about it. I think that my inclination
would be to see it go to Policy and Services first. Sorry, I misspoke. The
Planning and Transportation Commission first. I would like to see where
they go with this. Even if it's just to provide some brainstorming that we
then look at later and say, "Interesting ideas. We don't like any of them." I
think this is a valuable role that the Planning and Transportation Commission
plays. After it's gone to Planning and Transportation Commission, it'll come
to Council. At that point, Council can refer it to Policy and Services. I might
even be open to it going to Policy and Services after PTC for refinement,
before it comes to the full Council. I'm okay with including Policy and
Services somewhere in the process. I think I'm not going to accept this
motion as it is, but I'm open to hear more.

Mayor Holman: That means you're not accepting. Council Member Filseth,
do you want to offer it as a separate amendment?
                                                                      Page 103 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
