                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, “job” with “use.”

Mayor Holman: It seems to me—to answer City Manager's question here—
when we get to that, the density of occupancy based on those use
definitions should help inform what we want to do where, it would seem.
Does that address your concern, City Manager?

Mr. Keene: Yes and no. I'm just responding to the opening comments from
the Council which partly deal with the fact that by its own nature of the
buildings we have in Downtown and Cal. Avenue, a company could choose to
occupy more than one building. You may have a density related to a job
that's in one building, but ultimately you're also talking about whether or not
there's a glomeration of buildings that start to come into play. I'm just
saying you're losing that directive there on somehow looking at the size. I'm
not advocating for it; I'm just responding to what you guys were talking
about.

Council Member DuBois: I think you're right. I think it should say "types
and scale of commercial operations."

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, is that good with you?

Council Member Burt: Yes.        I'd just like to point out that this is not a
directive. It's an evaluation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part B, “and scale” after
“what types.”

Mr. Keene: Could I just repeat that? I think that's important to mention
right now. If I were out there watching this, I'd feel better knowing it was
an evaluation rather than a conclusion.

Mayor Holman: Yes, that's what this process is. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. Back on Part A of this. I don't mean to be
excessively persnickety, but the language says that the CAC should base
their work on the existing vision statement, goals and organization. I think
that language should extend to the existing policies as well.

Council Member Dubois: My understanding is the Staff will start with the
existing Plan, and the CAC will talk about the policies. They will start with
the existing policies, and they will have other materials they can look at
including the PTC's version.

                                                                        Page 78 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
