                             MINUTES
program that involved ridesharing, the City should consider methods to
collect taxes and to ensure the public's safety.

Council Member Burt felt the shuttle system was an important element in
achieving the objective of a 30 percent reduction in Single Occupancy
Vehicles (SOV). He inquired whether the objective was calculated by a
reduction in the percentage of vehicles on the road or the number of SOVs
on the road.

Ms. Gitelman would have to review the memorandum. The 30 percent
decrease was articulated in a Colleague's Memorandum that informed the
effort to establish a TMA.

Jessica Sullivan, Parking Manager, advised that the memo did not specify
details for calculating that number.

Council Member Burt indicated core shuttle routes had not been expanded
since the inception of the shuttle system. He was concerned whether Staff
had identified the routes of highest value in the near-term. The City should
engage community partners with expertise and explore collaboration with
the Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) and neighboring communities
to identify an integrated approach to transportation. Wi-Fi on buses would
be attractive to riders. He was unsure whether grants and private-sector
funding would create comprehensive and sustainable funding. At a policy
level, the Council should raise the issue of partnering with VTA for a regional
transit system. The Council should consider a business license tax solely for
the purpose of funding Transportation Demand Management (TDM)
Programs.

Vice Mayor Schmid believed businesses, Caltrain, and Bay Area Rapid Transit
(BART) should provide transportation for commuters, and the City should
invest in transportation for the community. Many SOV trips were from
households to jobs, schools, healthcare, and shopping.       This was an
opportunity not to invest in additional shuttles, but to think about
alternatives for a low density community to displace car trips with shared
vehicles.

Council Member Berman was pleased by the use of technology and proposal
of Wi-Fi for shuttles. A robust shuttle system encompassing residential
areas of the community could be an asset. The City should improve
transportation for commuters and residents, especially if private employers
were willing to fund routes to job centers. Staff should analyze the cost for
a Citywide network of shuttles stopping every 15 minutes. The City should
strive for a robust shuttle system that removed cars from roads and moved
residents to destinations faster and easier. Transportation was an important

03/02/2015                                                              117- 29
