                          TRANSCRIPT
I think Council Member Schmid might expand upon the desire of Council to
move housing sites off of San Antonio Road. It's something that we've been
talking about for a long time. I want to make sure that we find alternative
sites for it. Like Council Member Wolbach, I believe as strongly as anybody
that we need more housing in Palo Alto. We've identified and determined
that San Antonio is not a good place for it. Housing adds a lot of traffic also
and at the worst times of day when people are leaving for work and coming
home. That's something that we need to consider as well as school impacts
and other things that have come up for this area. I like the fact that there
are no meeting rooms or restaurants spaces or event spaces, nothing other
than hotel rooms, so that we minimize the amount of traffic as possible. I'll
want to hear more about development disruptions. I'm not minimizing the
concerns of residents. I think that's something that's going to really have to
be talked about and addressed and handled moving forward. I'm not at the
point yet where I would say, "No, I outright reject this project." I'm far from
the point of saying I'd approve it. There's a long process. I know the
applicant said, "We're trying to move this forward as quickly as possible."
I'm just going to give the applicant a very kind of simple feedback which is
this is Palo Alto and we have the Palo Alto process and things don't happen
super fast here. I hope there's some patience on the applicant's side as
well. If we do this, we want to make sure we get it right. I see what my
colleague was saying in regards to location of the radius for the hotel
analysis. I think most folks would agree that Shoreline and 101 is kind of
the center of the Shoreline Business District, so I see why you guys put it
there. I don't think that's as big an error as others maybe do. I think
clearly there's been a lot of office growth in that area, and hotel growth
hasn't followed suit. I see why you guys think this is a good site, but I also
hear the concerns of residents from across the street. I guess I'll make full
disclosure even though he probably won't appreciate it. My little brother
lives in the Greenhouse area.        I don't know if it's Greenhouse I or
Greenhouse II. It's important to keep in mind and really listen to and try to
alleviate some of the concerns of the residents. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Since tonight Council Member Kniss is Council Member
DuBois and Council Member DuBois is Council Member Burt, Council Member
Kniss, it's your turn.

Council Member Kniss: I think some of the points have already been
mentioned, certainly traffic and is this the right location. I have two other
questions when whomever comes back to talk with us again. There are a
number of businesses that are located in that area right now. Some of them
I happen to know pretty well. I want to know if you have talked to the
people who are currently renting there. I'm so much surprised to not see
anyone from that area here tonight who has a business there and would
                                                                        Page 13 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
