                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. We
understand your desire to weight these. Absent your direction, we would
have to decide how to order them.

Mayor Holman: This is coming back though.

Council Member Burt: We've had some very extensive discussions about
what's most important. We're looking for you to come back with tentative
weighting that would probably align pretty well between your professional
outlook and what has been discussed extensively over a series of meetings.
We have pretty good alignment on what's most important. If you're saying
you don't know without more guidance, then we've got to hammer that out
tonight.

Ms. Gitelman: We'd be happy to take a shot at it.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, with that let's vote on the board please.
That vote passes unanimously with Council Member DuBois not participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: It is 9:31. City Manager has not quite yet reminded us that
we can't take up a new item after 10:00. Let's hit it. Applicability to
pipeline projects.

Council Member Scharff: I would like to raise that issue. Are we going to
get to the Page Mill project? We clearly need to do the retail. We clearly
need to do everything else. I'm happy to wait until 10:30 to make that
decision. If we think we're not going to do it in an hour, we should let
people go home.

Mayor Holman: The retail one will go fast. It's just an extension of what we
already passed. Because we're running up to the vacation, we have agendas
that are full already. If we take 441 and punt it to the next meeting, plus
we've had a consultant waiting for all this time.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can interject. I hate to put this out there.
The pipeline is something that is always changing. We heard from a speaker
tonight that there's going to be an application filed tomorrow. It is possible
that we could defer the discussion of pipeline until after your break. At that
point, it would be based on the pipeline at that moment. We're going to
need the time anyway to prepare a draft ordinance and bring it through the
Commission and get their recommendation on the rest of these issues that
you've hashed through this evening. It is possibly something that could be
deferred.
                                                                       Page 85 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
