                          TRANSCRIPT
the EIR process just like it was false when previous High Speed Rail
representatives made those same claims. I'm going to want to revisit in the
next go round what we should do and what actions we should take from this
point forward.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. I agree 100 percent with
Council Member Burt in regards to the inadequacy of the process and the
accelerated EIR timeline and the unnecessariness of it. As we've seen from
recent articles, High Speed Rail is nowhere near obtaining the funding they
need to get anywhere close to the Bay Area and the Peninsula. We should
push back as forcefully as we can. I think kind of taking a look at what
process we took before I was on Council in terms of working with other cities
to get critical mass and get everybody educated and hopefully on the same
page in terms of what type of collaborative reaction we should have to High
Speed Rail to let them know that both the process that they've taken in
terms of letting folks know about this and really springing it on all of us and
the process they want to take moving forward isn't sufficient. I have a
couple of questions. I guess first a couple of comments. In terms of the
approach that the City wants to take and the Staff proposed in terms of
Section 190 funding and Section 130 funding, to the extent you're looking
for us to say we agree, I agree. You guys made a pretty good case for both
of those. I have a question about how you guys—I guess first question is in
regards to the cost for the grade separations, did those include the cost of
the property acquisition? It does, so Richard is telling me yes. I just wanted
to make sure. For the cost of the trenching, I just don't recall from the
discussion we had on this last year. Was that an open trench or a closed
trench or is there not a huge difference in the cost?

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst: Thank you, Council Member
Berman. It was an open trench. Just to clarify on the parcel acquisitions,
the figure that Hatch Mott MacDonald used in their development of the cost
figures was $2 million for a full parcel and $1 million for a partial parcel take.
I'll leave it to you as to whether or not you think those are accurate of the
real estate prices we're dealing with today.

Council Member Berman:       Obviously a lot of this will have to be updated.
What's that?

Mr. Keene: It's two years old.

Council Member Berman: Yeah. It probably also depends on the size of the
parcel, while we're at it. That's understandable. It was an open trench. Do
we recall was it a lot more expensive to do a closed trench? I don't
remember; I don't expect you to.

                                                                            Page 22 of 70
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/13/15
