                         TRANSCRIPT
representing a variety of neighborhoods and interests. There will be three
ex officio nonvoting members representing the Planning and Transportation
Commission (P&TC), the School District and Stanford. Lastly, just did want
to report that Community Services kicked off the 2015 summer camps and
aquatics program. Over 200 college and high school students who joined
the City of Palo Alto as hourly employees over the summer to help oversee
several hundred summer programs were in attendance. This is a first-week
training we do every summer for the Staff, where they learn a lot about the
City itself and their own job and that sort of thing. I did want to thank
Mayor Holman and Council Member Wolbach in case Council Member
Wolbach had anything more to add to this. I did want to welcome all the
summer Staff to our City. That's all I have to report.

Council Member Wolbach: I wanted to offer my thanks also to the City Staff
who was there in attendance and helped organize the kick off today.
Assistant City Manager Ed Shikada was there along with Rob de Geus and a
number of other people from the department. It was really wonderful.
Khash Alaee from your office gave some very inspiring comments and stole
a number of my talking points from under my nose, which allowed me to
keep my comments shorter which I appreciated. It was lots of fun and a
great start for what hopes to be a great summer for, at this point, over
4,000. By the end of the summer, we could have as many as over 6,000
Palo Alto youth participating in our camp programs.

Oral Communications

Gail Price: Good evening. My name is Gail Price. I'm a former City Council
Member. Dear Honorable Members of the Palo Alto City Council, as former
Mayors and Council Members, we, like you, have been concerned about the
proposed closure of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park, concerned about the
eviction of 400 residents and the loss to the community of scarce affordable
housing. Recent actions, however, provide cause for some optimism. We're
encouraged by the potential for a collaboration between the City, the County
and the qualified nonprofit Caritas. The understanding that a market rate
offer could be pulled together using affordable housing funds set aside by
the City and the County in combination with the issuance of a tax-exempt
revenue bond make keeping Buena Vista open as a mobile home park and
permanent source of affordable housing in our community. As former Palo
Alto Mayors and City Council Members, we understand that there are always
more needs than there are resources. This opportunity is too important to
let it pass without taking every reasonable step to prevent the closure.
Based on our years of experience, we know preserving Palo Alto's economic
diversity is a value shared by both the Council and the community. As
development pressures increase, it only becomes more difficult to find
                                                                       Page 2 of 81
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/8/15
