                        TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: We don't know that quite yet, but we will. I think we'll know by
next week, Monday next week for certain, whether we can push it to the
26th.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's October 26th?

Mayor Holman: Yes, yes. City Attorney, do we need a motion to continue
this, I believe? Yes.

Council Member Scharff: I'll move that we continue. Are we going to keep
public comment open or close it?

Mayor Holman: We can keep it open if you desire.

Council Member Scharff: I was actually more wondering what the Council
wanted to do. I'm sort of agnostic. I could (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: Could we ask about continuing it forward without
hearing from the public again on that item since they spoke tonight?

Mayor Holman: We could to it either way.

Council Member Scharff: I'll move that we close public comment (crosstalk)
the motion.

Mayor Holman: Molly, sorry, City Attorney.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. If I could be heard on the topic.
Certainly when you recall the item, if there is anyone present who was not
able to be here this evening and wishes to make public comment, you
should hear from those folks. You can encourage people who have provided
public comment not to provide additional comment or certainly not to repeat
comments that they've made. The Council listens very carefully, and those
comments have been noted in the record. You would hope not to hear from
folks again with repetitious public comments.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, would you care to ...

Council Member Scharff: I'll amend it the way the City Attorney suggested
we amend it.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it. Second.

Mayor Holman: Your motion would be to continue the discussion of the Land
Use and Community Design Elements to a date to be determined by City


                                                                    Page 91 of 107
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/5/15
