                         TRANSCRIPT
already sent you a letter about my feelings on this project and the reduction
of Feed in Tariff for the CLEAN campaign, so I’m not going to reiterate them
now. I wholly support all the past comments this evening. I did want to
emphasize the importance of seeing physical examples for our community.
The importance of that is it sends a signal that the City cares and that we're
doing something. Having a smattering of solar panels on houses is great,
but to see a commitment on a community level, on our churches, on our
parking lots, on our civic buildings, is really important. Don't underestimate
the importance of that to our citizenry. Beginning the process of instituting
distributed local solar is crucial to show our commitment to a sustainable
Palo Alto. Especially with hydro becoming a little bit of an iffy renewable
resource, we need to consolidate here in Palo Alto and make ourselves much
more self-sufficient. Please don't change the rules in the middle of the
game. I'd like to urge Council to reject the price reduction for the Feed in
Tariff.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members, I support the Finance
Committee recommendation. We've heard from a respondent to an RFP, but
all RFPs say that they may not be awarded. The Council reserves that right.
Everyone who applies for one is aware of that risk. We've heard people tell
us it's important to spend this extra money in order to set an example as
long as it's not their money paying the extra money, but rather the flow of
money going the opposite direction. Essentially they want to be doing well
financially by showing that they're doing good doing something else, but it's
the other ratepayers' money that'll be paying for it. Jane Ratchye indicated
a summary of the last solar Power Purchase Agreement that we had, which
was at under 7 cents per kilowatt hour plus the transmission cost, at that
time there were 92 responses to the RFP, 65 of which were for solar.
Among the solar ones that were for 30 years and less than 7 cents, including
the one that was awarded, that was a total of 300 megawatts. There's an
abundance of solar, which we only had a contract for 25. Also, that contract
award was projected to make Palo Alto 100 percent carbon neutral. In fact,
it's a possibility between 2017 and 2020 that we'd have a surplus of electric
power and a surplus of renewable energy credits. We're essentially being
asked by the proponents of the current 16.5 cents is that at the same time
that we'd be selling off extra power in the market, which is 7 cents, that we
should be paying them 16.5 cents. In future years as various contracts
expire, the City has issued an RFP for more Power Purchase Agreements
starting around 2021. The idea that some people had taken some expenses
and some expectation, there's no guarantee that that would happen. We
have Council elections all the time, and people have expectations.
Sometimes developers come in and say, "I'm smarter than the other
developer. I'll spend more money for this project, because I can make more
on it if the Council will go ahead and rezone it." Then they come in with
                                                                         Page 26 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
