                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Popp: That's not my read of the regulations. I have had discussions
about that recently. The way I understand the regulation, and we can
certainly ask the City Attorney to give us some definition about this, is that
the Architectural Review Board is discouraged from encouraging an Applicant
to reduce their area that they have achieved through TDRs unless it's
absolutely necessary to manage the bulk or the scale of the building. In this
particular case, we were able to get to a point where we felt the building was
compatible, where we could make the findings and we were able to approve
the project. Be happy to have further discussion about that and to better
understand that if that's appropriate.

Council Member Burt: The other thing that I couldn't find in the record,
maybe it's there, was ARB discussion around some specific parts of the
Downtown Urban Design Guidelines. In particular there's a section about
secondary districts that speaks to Kipling Street itself. Was that something
that you guys specifically addressed or was it addressed more generally?

Mr. Popp:    I'm certainly    aware of that statement in the Downtown
Guidelines. Maybe you've     read the Minutes more carefully than I have. I
don't recall us having a     specific discussion about that.     It's certainly
something that I evaluated   as I was understanding the project.

Council Member Burt: The Guidelines, I reread them and I hadn't read them
in a long time so it's not like it's been at the back of my head. It does say
that the areas including the Kipling District have their own distinct
characteristics and efforts should be made to unify and complement each of
the secondary districts through use of appropriate design, landscaping and
amenities.    Both districts, including Kipling, contain significant historic
architecture and development patterns. It goes on to say the HRB is an
important resource for consulting. I'll ask Staff about that. It also goes into
talking about Kipling Street itself and giving a lot of context.         These
guidelines are much of what the Comp Plan speaks to in this area and the
findings that the ARB has to make. It drives down to this set of Urban
Design Guidelines. I was troubled that I didn't see these addressed, even
talked about by the ARB. I think they're pretty important. If you or
anybody, maybe Staff, can point out that there was that discourse, I'd be
happy to be corrected on that.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member Burt. I don't recall a specific
conversation about looking at the context-based criteria. It was included in
the Staff Reports that went to the ARB. It was included in the administrative
record, and it was a part of those reports. The findings were there with
some explanation as to how those were addressed. You can also find those
in your current packet, starting on packet page 626.

                                                                        Page 56 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
