                          TRANSCRIPT
increases in business and the economy. At Arastradero and McKeller, it's up
almost 27 percent. At Amaranta and Florales, it's up more than 29 percent.
At Donald, it's up over 31 percent. On Maybell at Pena Court, it's up over 21
percent. There has in fact been spillover traffic into the adjacent residential
neighborhoods and streets. It is significant on a number of those streets. I
think we can say that there have been some benefits on Arastradero and to
the overall traffic in the community. If you do approve a permanent change
to Arastradero, I urge you to say that this is also done despite the fact that
there has in fact been some spillover traffic on adjacent residential streets,
but you consider the tradeoff between Arastradero and the spillover traffic to
be acceptable and not go ahead and keep on pretending there has been no
spillover traffic. The figures show there has been. Those are the facts.
Don't ignore truth.

Lynnie Melena: My name is Lynnie Melena, and I've been following this
project since about 2007, initially as a representative of the Barron Park
Association to the stakeholder group and then continuing on because I
believe it's such an important project. I urge you to approve the Concept
Plan Line tonight. We're in the home stretch of a project that has been
thoroughly vetted by the community. It started with an idea to make the
corridor safer for all users. It evolved into a study that evaluated alternative
layouts and was first implemented in a trial which has little-by-little had its
problems worked out. The changes before you tonight are the final tweaks
in this long planning process. Already we see results from this and other
changes.      The number of students bicycling to Gunn has increased
dramatically since my kids were there in the 1990s.               Imagine what
Arastradero traffic would be like if all the present day bicyclists were driving
or being driven to school as they were in the past. Thank you.

Ellie MacGregor: I'd like to encourage you to proceed with the hardscaping.
This is a road that my family lives on and bikes along daily. I'm really, really
excited about the change at El Camino Real, actually being able to bike
through there without shoulder checking 15 times. Thanks.

Carmen Rodwell: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity to address the Council.
My name is Carmen Rodwell.           I'm a neighbor of the Greenmeadow
neighborhood. We've been living there for four years. I have three children
that attend Fairmeadow and JLS Middle School. We go across Charleston
many times a day to go to school. We ride our bikes to Shoreline Park. My
older son will soon be going to Gunn High School, riding his bike as well.
We're going to be using all those intersections. I would really, really like
that to be a safe place for my children to ride their bikes to school, to come
back home safe, for all my family to be able to ride our bikes and walk safely
                                                                         Page 87 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
