                          TRANSCRIPT
about the last five years. First, between Foothill and Highway 280, Palo
Alto's current Bike and Pedestrian Plan envisions a Bay to Hills route along
Old Page Mill Road. Have any of you walked or biked on Old Page Mill Road?
It's a charming road. It's minimal traffic. It's got shade, tranquility. It's
along Matadero Creek, has no hills on it. It's also outside the Palo Alto city
limits; it's a County road. The plan we're considering addresses pedestrian
and cycling needs along the Page Mill Corridor by proposing a
bike/pedestrian path next to a six-lane expressway, and the path travels
over a 100-foot tall hill. This is just the opposite of Old Page Mill Road. The
new proposed $6 million path from Deer Creek down to 280 will be dirty,
hilly, strenuous and noisy. It will improve a connection that would otherwise
be made on the shoulder by advanced bicyclists who would want to take it,
but I predict few will take advantage of the new proposed multiuse path.
Nearly every potential user will find a more attractive route. That's just the
nature of six-lane expressways. It's a bit of a waste of money to go ahead
and put that much money into that project. Council, I'd like you to ask the
County to look at other ways to improve the route by taking advantage of
Old Page Mill Road. The same County staff that works on expressways also
works on the County roads, so please ask them to expand the scope to
include Old Page Mill in their work. For example, the shoulders could be
widened on Old Page Mill as a pedestrian improvement. It can be made
one-way only for motor vehicles with the speed limit lowered. If the
proposed signal is installed at Coyote Hill Road, it should include a
pedestrian connection across the Expressway and a pedestrian path back to
Old Page Mill, so walkers using the new Coyote Hill parking area could
access Old Page Mill more easily. Second, as a recreation bicyclist, I often
ride through the west side of 280 at the Page Mill interchange going from
Arastradero to Page Mill. That works fine right now. The proposed two-lane
round-about would require three or four merges into faster moving traffic.
Even for me as an experienced cyclist, that sounds dangerous and
worrisome. The proposed pathway alternative is inadequate for higher
speed recreational cyclists. I hope the County can reconsider Alternatives 1
and 2 on the west side and combine the tunnel in Alternative 3 with the
signalization in Alternatives 1 or 2. Finally, the improvements at the bottom
of Page Mill for Hanover and near El Camino Real will be welcomed by our
bicyclists, especially on Hanover which will improve the connection from
Barron Park across to College Terrace. It's a gap that's been there for a long
time.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. Adina Levin with Friends of
Caltrain. The presentation tonight about the changes to the Expressway
System focusing on Page Mill has $90-$100 million worth of projects to
expand the capacity on Page Mill and its intersections to deal with increasing
demand for driving, which as this picture shows is largely to Stanford
                                                                         Page 11 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
