                             MINUTES
10.   Approval of a Residential Curbside Compost Collection Program and
      Adopting a Budget Amendment Ordinance 5314 entitled “Budget
      Amendment Ordinance for the Council of the City of Palo Alto for
      $387,000 for the Purchase of Kitchen Buckets and New Outreach
      Materials.”

James Keene, City Manager, reminded the Council that the Finance
Committee had vetted the item.

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director, reported the Finance Committee
directed Staff to proceed. The Council had an opportunity to reduce
greenhouse gases and the length of truck trips.

Ron Arp, Solid Waste Manager, advised that Staff requested the Council
approve a residential curbside compost collection program. Residents would
place food scraps and food-soiled paper in the green cart rather than the
black cart. Staff recommended the Council adopt a Budget Amendment
Ordinance in the amount of $387,000 for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 for the
purchase of kitchen buckets and outreach materials.           Staff hoped to
decrease the amount of waste transported to the landfill in order to meet the
goal of the Zero Waste Program. Staff would return with a commercial
recycling and composting Ordinance and an amendment to the GreenWaste
contract.     Residential garbage contained more than 50 percent
compostables. Staff was optimistic that the residential program would
capture food scraps and food-soiled paper for composting. Residents could
collect material in compostable bags or place them loose in the cart. Kitchen
buckets would be provided to every single-family residence.           Robust
outreach was necessary for a successful program.            Staff wanted to
implement the program by July 1, 2015. The annual cost difference of the
program was approximately $532,000 per year primarily comprised of a tip
fee. Staff recommended food scraps be transported to the Zero Waste
Energy Development Center, a GreenWaste facility in San Jose. Three
thousand tons of compostable material would generate renewable energy
and compost, conserve landfill space, and reduce Citywide greenhouse gas
emissions.

Stephanie Munoz suggested the Council reconsider the kitchen bucket as it
was not attractive.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

   1. Approve a new residential curbside collection and composting program
      of food scraps commingled with yard trimmings in the green carts,
      effective July 1, 2015; and

03/23/2015                                                            117- 150
