                            TRANSCRIPT
contacts there. If we decide this is something we want to do, by all means.
This is a vast topic. It can scare people at first, because it's a big topic. We
would reach out to other cities and other organizations to get them onboard,
shop it for an author, and then get it introduced. We can talk afterwards.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “request the City Attorney
investigate regulatory changes along the same lines and report to Policy and
Services Committee.”

Mayor Holman: I had seconded this motion. For the maker of the motion, I
believe you're also asking for the legislative advocate to investigate the
legislative ...

Council Member Burt: Yeah, at this time that's adequate.

Mayor Holman: Perhaps it's a little bit clearer if we break this into two parts.
Not for separate votes, but one for the legislative advocate and two is for
the City Attorney. If that's agreeable to the maker, just for clarity.

Ms. Stump: Perhaps it would be most productive for the two of us to work
together as opposed to being on parallel tracks.

Mr. De Lucca: Definitely.

Mayor Holman: It's direction to both of you. That's not to say you shouldn't
be working together. It does not preclude that.

Council Member Scharff: We're putting the cart before the horse. If we
want to pursue this, we should have the City Attorney investigate along
those same lines. Go to Policy and Services. Policy and Services should
then understand what the current rules are. What does this exactly mean?
This is a complex area of the law. Material impact, what does that mean? I
don't think we should be going to the legislative advocate and requesting
him to investigate legislative opportunities until after we've gone to Policy
and Services to understand this. Investigate legislative opportunities means
we want him to include it in some sort of a bill. Until we got to Policy and
Services and say, "This is the actual change. This is what we're advocating
for and this is going to be the effect of that," we shouldn't be doing that until
Policy and Services and Council says, "This is what we're trying to achieve
and this is the changes in the law we want." If we do that, then I could
easily support this. I'd like to see it go to Policy and Services. Policy and
Services ...

Mayor Holman: Are you offering an amendment?
                                                                           Page 51 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
