                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I do.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a second.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois seconds.

AMENDMENT:           Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “the Policy and Services Committee
prior to” after “refer this matter to.”

Mayor Holman:     Council Member DuBois, do you care to speak to your
second?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Council Member Filseth: Do I get to speak to my motion first?

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry. I thought you had. I do apologize.               Yes, I
thought you had spoken to the amendment. Apologies.

Council Member Filseth: As Council Member Wolbach said, I think this is a
very important, very complicated area with a lot of nuance in it. We said we
were going to do this, and we should proceed. I think that makes a lot of
sense. I am not satisfied with PTC's work on recent land use issues. I do
not have confidence that sending this to PTC is going to be productive. I do
have confidence in Policy and Services. I think with PTC there are clear
alignment issues between the Council and PTC on policy. PTC advocates
basically unlimited commercial growth and unlimited housing growth. The
endpoint of that is not a reduction in housing costs in Palo Alto. It is to
move from an expensive suburban environment to an expensive urban
environment. That's not where the majority of voters want to go. I also
think we'll get a deeper level of thought and more tied to the community
from Policy and Services. I think it's a very complicated problem. I think
the community will be better served and, frankly, we'll get more done
sooner if it goes to Policy and Services instead.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, speak to your second.

Council Member DuBois: I generally support the idea of revisiting our
Accessory Dwelling Unit Ordinance. However, I do think we need to refine it
more before we send it to PTC for a lot of the same reasons Council Member
Filseth just stated. We have a PTC that wants to create policy. I think
they've been kind of acting at odds with Council. We've directed them to do
certain things that they basically have not done, they've said they disagree
                                                                     Page 104 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
