                          TRANSCRIPT
impressed because Council Member Filseth said we have rules. While we
don't want to follow the rules all the time, whether we call them rules or
policies or whatever it may be, we have been looking at this building now
for, Randy am I correct, three years?

Mr. Popp: Close to it.

Council Member Kniss: In three years, there has been a determination of
how to use the TDRs. There's been another determination of where the
movement could take place within the building. Unless I'm mistaken here, it
looks like it was revamped at least three to four to five times before it was
finally accepted. Once again, I would emphasize that we have been really
looking at green buildings. We also have been looking at trying to add
Downtown living quarters. This does both. The part that really bothers me
the most is that this very much went by a number of the policies that we
have in place. We've talked about changing those policies in a whole variety
of ways. This is the fairest, and fair is really hard to define in politics. This
is the fairest way to address the issue with the Applicant, both the
circulation analysis which is really important as well as going to the HRB for
another look at, as you called, them, the historical issues is going to cover it.
As far as I'm concerned, that's a good outcome for this building. It's
difficult. We're struggling with it. It is big, and it does have an unusual
FAR, but it does two things that we've talked about wanting to do, over and
over. I'm with my second.

Council Member Berman: I'm going to support the Motion for a couple of
reasons. This is a big project; it's a big building. The Applicant acquired the
rights to build a big building by following policies that have existed in Palo
Alto for over three decades in terms of the TDR process. The majority of
this Council six months ago approved the City being a sender site knowing
full well that the receiver site for TDRs has to be Downtown and that a
receiver site can build above what the existing FAR is. It would be incredibly
hypocritical for this Council now to turn around to somebody else, now that
the City has benefited from that, and say, "Sorry you've paid for that, but
now you can't have it." It just strikes me as a fundamentally unfair move
for the Council to make. In terms of mixed-use projects, it's a good mixed-
use project. It's got a good ratio of retail to commercial to residential. It's
Downtown; it's on University Avenue. If Middlefield Road and Alma Street
were end zones, this project's at the 40-yard line of Downtown. Kipling
Street is an anomaly Downtown, and there are smaller buildings on Kipling
Street. It's important for the project to receive some additional analysis as
suggested in the Motion.       That's a responsible thing to do.       I'm not
comfortable with giving, while it might look descriptive, so remarkably vague
directions to the Applicant and expecting them to come back with a project
                                                                         Page 79 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
