                          TRANSCRIPT
earlier that every number had been updated except for this 250 square feet
per employee number. A quick internet search suggests that that is a very
average number for some average city in some average state. I don't think
Palo Alto is an average city. We have a lot of tech; I work in tech. We sit
similar to this; we have computer, computer, computer, person, person,
person. You don't have an expanse of 250 square feet or whatever. I would
request that we look at that a little bit deeper. Right now we're looking at a
number of 106 required parking spaces with that number. We're getting 91.
If you use 150 square feet per employee or 100, it's looking more like 154
spaces or even 218. I would request that we find out where that number
comes from and dig into it a little bit deeper. Since I only have a few
minutes, I'm going to move rather quickly to another piece. In terms of the
community dealing with the problem of parking, I would like to request an
RPP. We've discussed it several times. I've been going to these meetings
since 2012. Based on the overflow that we're certainly going to have,
Pepper and Olive would be great candidates to be part of the RPP. I
appreciate your time.

Joe Wu: Good evening. I'm a new resident. I just moved in a year. I want
to echo what a couple of my neighbors, they're concerned about the traffic.
Every morning I get off to Page Mill to commute to work. On the left side
which is the paint shop, if there's a car parked in there, I feel it's very
unsafe to turn, because the traffic's a lot. It's a major intersection, a lot of
traffic there. The other concern is with the big size of the building. That
means a lot of people will need to get on the Page Mill for their commute as
well. It's not just convenient to get on Page Mill. They also will have some
safety concern. The other thing is the parking. Currently, I feel like every
evening the neighborhood has been prepackaged, like all the streets have
been filled up with cars. With the building's plan to use the public parking to
meet the requirement to have parking space, it won't work. It's adding too
much clog into the parking.

Chris Donlay: Good evening. I have brightly colored handouts to help keep
you awake at this hour. My name is Chris Donlay, and I live on Pepper
Avenue, directly behind 441 Page Mill. I'm also the Ventura neighborhood
franchisee of the Neilsen Buchanan parking survey system. I decided to
bring you some actual data from the department about what street parking
looks like in our neighborhood on an average day. Our most recent survey,
May 13th at noon, to give you an idea of what it looks like during the day. I
didn't have time to bring you average data. We've been doing this survey
for a year and a half. This day is pretty average for the past three months.
This is not unusual. I don't have time to go through all of the data. What
you can see is that there's a lot of red which means 100 percent or higher
parking; a lot of orange which means greater than 80 percent which means
                                                                        Page 115 of 145
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/15/15
