                          TRANSCRIPT

one of the things that came out of this was to acknowledge how much we
have going for us right away, and then that we need to move even further
with that. As this said, to define and support this Priority that we have. As
Karen reminded us at the last meeting, this is a three-year Priority; it is not
simply a one-year Priority.        This one that will go on and, I think,
acknowledges importance eventually also of including it in the Comp Plan.
Many cities now have a health component or a healthy city component in
their plan which is one that I would really like to see in that as well. Thanks.
I think we've had a phenomenal turnout at the meetings, and we've had
very healthy food that we've offered at the meetings as well. We've really
stayed within the, I think, the assignment that we had given ourselves in
January as a Priority for this year.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. John Kelley, thank you very much for coming
this evening. As I mentioned, you're one of the stakeholders. Thank you for
your participation.

John Kelley: It's been a pleasure. It's been a real honor to participate in
the stakeholder group. It sounds like the key issue you're going to decide
tonight is whether you're going to adopt the proposed Resolution or refer it
to a Committee. I guess I'd like to just speak to that directly. Both Mayor
Holman and Council Member Kniss had talked about the interconnection
between this proposed Resolution and other policies, plans, initiatives that
the City's undertaking. I would urge you to adopt this Resolution tonight. I
think it's an excellent Resolution. I think that the work that the Committee
did in adding something that really made the form Resolution that was
available from the League of Cities more robust, particularly by including the
culture section. Just dealing with really basic things, about how we interact
with one another on the street, how we interact with one another as
individuals, promoting kindness, promoting courtesy. Those are things that
are really fundamental Palo Alto values. I'd also like to speak to the
question about whether it's even necessary to refer this to a Committee.
There were a lot of diverse viewpoints on the stakeholder group. As the City
Manager said, the proposed Resolution—I think the words were there's a lot
there. I totally agree with that. I think there is a lot there. The reason you
should adopt this tonight is to put that before the other groups, agencies,
bodies, referring entities such as the Citizens Advisory Committee on the
Comprehensive Plan and let them know what this group has been thinking
about in terms of health.        That will better inform their deliberations.
Perhaps the most important thing I can tell you, however, is that this
proposed Resolution is unique in my experience in Palo Alto. I don't know
how many of us there were on the stakeholder group; there were quite a
                                                                          Page 63 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
