                          TRANSCRIPT
Eric Keng: Thank you. My name's Eric Keng. I'm 20 years resident in Palo
Alto also architect. I practice most of my career in this City. First of all, I
agree with the direction that we're going toward green building and energy.
I do urge the Council to consider why do we need to mix these two
amendments together. Can we consider them separately? I can see the
whole policy preparation. Where's the professional input? The architects,
the contractor, the engineer. It's purely laboratory test results. I'm not
sure if you fully understand. I'm only talking about the energy part. The
green building, no comment. The 15 percent impact, what exactly is? If we
only use the Cost Effectiveness Study, there's some factors being left out.
When we increase the insulation from, because of that, two by four or two
by six, the square footage for a 2,500-square-foot house drops about 30
square feet. In Palo Alto, 30 square feet, most residents know how much
that will cost. Will that be a cost effect? Also, when we put the tankless
water heater into it, the Utility Department will ask us to upgrade the gas
line. Is that a cost effect being considered? You're not just buying a
tankless water heater. If half of the block using tankless, can the Utility
Department infrastructure support the instantaneous demand on the gas
supply? That's something we really need to study, to put it into the study
and present it to you to make decision. Sounds like I’m against this 15
percent. Last year's Energy Code upgrade, the State already upgrade 23
percent stringent than the previous years. We're adding another 15 percent,
which really is a big impact to the industry. I did a quick study. I know this
is very late. I asked my Title 24 to do a quick study of how we can comply,
a new house to meet the 15 percent. Three categories we have to do.
Tankless water heater, insulated attic space and the third area is
miscellaneous. Throughout the project, we have to do Low E glass. We
have to increase all the insulation we can. We cannot to do the house
without the attic. Flat-roof house considered a cathedral. We don't have
that insulated attic credit into it. That means if you build a flat house, pretty
much you're not going to meet 15 percent. The case study didn't study that.
I urge you to spend more time, to have professional input from the other
side of the industry. We're hands on this every day. Give the impact to
you, give the results to you, that you consider this energy amendment.
Thank you.

Mr. Farahmand: May I have a chance to respond to that comment? Thank
you. Thank you, sir, for that comment. I understand your concerns. I
would just like to add that the measures that we studied for the residential
prototypes in this study are going to be in some form or shape required by
the 2017 California Energy Commission standards. They're going to be
Statewide laws. They're going to be the baseline that's going to be effective
January 1, 2017. There's been a breadth of research done for these
measures going from two by four to two by six. There's been a lot of

04/20/2015                                                               117- 339
