                          TRANSCRIPT
as well as learn how to fit helmets and where to access maps and local
biking information. Participants will then choose one of three self-guided
routes that highlight some of the main bikeways in Palo Alto. There will be
short, medium and long options for all ages and abilities.       For more
information, go to www.bikepaloalto.org. That concludes my remarks for
the evening.

Oral Communications

Ken Horowitz: Good evening. Ken Horowitz; I live on Homer Avenue. I just
wanted to compliment the City Council for the meeting you had last Monday.
I've been attending a number of the meetings over these last few months. I
was very happy that the Council has taken action. Too often I've heard the
Council refer things back. I think the Mayor mentioned about kicking the
can down the street, so to speak. Please continue to do that, take action. I
know you have a number of action items tonight, and hopefully you will do
the same. One thing, I do live on Homer Avenue. I know you're referring
tonight to the Charleston Corridor, but I'd like to also see you look at Homer
Avenue and Channing Avenue which are one-way streets. One of the
problems with Homer Avenue, if you come out of the Homer Avenue tunnel,
the bicyclists have to go at a one-way street going the wrong way.
Hopefully, at some point, and I was thinking rather than waiting for the
Comprehensive Plan to be finished, I think there are a number of things you
can do before that as well. The second thing that I wanted to mention is
that I actually made the happiness map. There is the Page Mill Y on the
happiness map. I'm hopeful at some point, if it comes before the Council, I
mentioned it on previous occasions, that the owner of that particular
basement site is wanting to convert that site to office suites. If it comes
before the Council, I'm hopeful that you will reject that and allow us to try to
keep it a recreational facility. It's 15,000 square feet down there. I think a
lot of Palo Altans would like to have that recreational site back. Thank you
for your time. Have a great meeting.

Jared Bernstein: Hello. I just wanted to tell you a story about walking down
University Avenue and hitting Lytton Plaza and I'm across the street. I carry
with me a sound level device. It's like 92 dB across the street from the
music. Another week later it's like 91, or it's 87. There's a lot of people
there, and they're really having a nice time. I'm, like, thinking I have to
close my ears because I don't like it, and it's against the regulation of the
City. As far as I know, there's a noise ordinance. I called up the police, and
not 911, and Officer Bybee came, pulled me out of the theater in a nice way
and said, "What's the problem?" I said, "Here, look at my sound level
meter. They're breaking the law." I'm like maybe 40 meters away from the
                                                                          Page 7 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
