                          TRANSCRIPT
clearinghouse. There was no comments received related to environmental
impacts by implementing the Urban Forest Master Plan. I'm willing to
entertain any questions that Council has at this time.

Public Hearing opened at 11:11 P.M.

Claire Elliott: Hello. I'm Claire Elliott, and I'm a senior ecologist with
Acterra. I'm also a resident of Palo Alto. I'm here to support the fact that
we have an Urban Master Plan is wonderful. It's wonderful that we've got an
Urban Forester and an organization like Canopy that's working to support
people loving and taking care of their trees. Acterra is involved also in
partnering with the City and with Canopy on educational projects, but also
stewarding some of the parks that have trees in them. I was able to make
some comments about a year ago, some of which were incorporated, but I
didn't have very much opportunity. I didn't get a copy in the interim to look
at until I heard about tonight's event. I'm sorry if some of this seems a little
late. It's very important that we do a little more to stress the importance of
the habitat value of native trees and the hazard by allowing our invasive tree
species to proliferate. The native tree species, they incorporated a blurb I
asked them to incorporate about how a lot of the trees will have fruit for
birds, but that's basically dessert; it's not the protein they need especially
when they've got babies and are laying eggs. We need trees that have co-
evolved with the local insect populations. There's several books out on that
subject including Bringing Nature Home.           It talks about that chemical
warfare that goes on through thousands of years that end up with plants
that are edible by our local insects. They're the base of the food chain. If
we don't have them moving that food value up into the higher levels, we
don't have the bird populations.         We can put a number to the bird
populations and the bees that are providing pollination services and pest
control services. We also have a huge cost. I brought for show and tell
three of my least favorite invasive species: tree of heaven, acacia and
privet. Privet's one that's got fruit for birds, but it's a laxative, so the seeds
just go right through the bird. It doesn't provide very much food value. The
leaves have no holes in them; they're not getting eaten. None of these I've
ever seen any insect damage. If you look at a native, it'll have lots of little
holes and we want that. Another thing is there's a lot more we could do
with nature's services for storm water. Not only thinking about how to
incorporate trees into green infrastructure projects, but using green
infrastructure to support our trees. Things like maybe putting Foothills Park
Creek back into a natural channel so it raises the groundwater table back up
and supports more tree species that way. In the City, also developing ways
to get runoff into tree planting areas to support our trees. There's a lot of
good things in here. I'd love to see some items added to Goal 5, so we can
incorporate some more of those issues. Thank you.
                                                                            Page 73 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
