                          TRANSCRIPT
Ordinance, so I'll agree to it. Thanks for bearing with me while I thought
about the details.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “replace in Municipal Code
Section 18.85.102 ‘operating as of March 2, 2015’ with ‘permitted or
operating as of March 2, 2015 or thereafter.’”
Mayor Holman: Other Amendments? We do have the outstanding issue of
18.85.103(a), changing the language from submitted to the City to approve
by Director based on these broadened definitions of retail uses. Then we
have the outstanding question also about adding automotive services or not.

Council Member Wolbach: On the procedure, this will probably be for City
Attorney. This question came up about the votes we've taken. I would
actually disagree with the characterization of them as straw poll votes. They
were legitimate votes on individual Amendments.           While this Interim
Ordinance requires eight votes for passage, do Amendments to this
Ordinance require eight votes to be added to the main Motion?

Mayor Holman:      That's the issue that Council Member Burt brought up
previously.

Council Member Wolbach: I didn't get a clear answer. Do Amendments to
the motion require eight votes to be added to the main motion or do they
only require a majority to be added to the main Motion? If they only require
a majority, then the one that was 7 to 2 was not a failure. That was a
success.

Mayor Holman: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: If they do require eight, then it remains a failure,
and I don't see how we're going to get it added back in. It has already
failed; I don't think either of those people are going to change their minds.
That's going to lead to the failure potentially of the main Motion, but I'll see
if we can add it anyway.

Mayor Holman: Does City Attorney want to weigh back in on that, please?

Ms. Stump: I'm sorry, Madam Mayor, say again.

Mayor Holman: This is the question going back to what Council Member
Burt had asked previously. Whether the Amendment that currently shows
on the screen as failed, because it had a 7-2 vote, does that really qualify it
for being added as an Amendment to the main Motion.

                                                                          Page 53 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
