                          TRANSCRIPT

(inaudible) than the other. Not to defend one group or the other, because
again I don't want us to decide membership of the CAC based on affiliation
or non-affiliation of any of those groups. If we do think it's important to add
to this group to have better diversity that's more representative of Palo Alto,
I do think that north and south balance should be sought. I do think that
something close to renter/homeowner balance should be sought. The same
thing with age diversity.

Council Member Filseth: I just want to ask for a clarification on the
amendment. What exactly is the guidance of the amendment? Is it to say
that if there's a choice between a 28-year-old renter in Downtown North
versus a 45-year-old homeowner in Adobe Meadows, then it should go one
way or the other? What are we guiding here? What does it mean?

Council Member Berman: That's a great question. I'm not trying to
prescribe a certain percentage to any of the different criteria. We're talking
about the fact that we feel like the Committee isn't as diverse as it should
be. I'm pointing out in the amendment that here are two areas where we're
lacking in diversity on the Committee. It would be a hope that of the five
members that we appoint, at the end of that they create better diversity for
all of these issues, I guess is what my hope would be. It wouldn't be that
there are three different criteria here. To your hypothetical, if Person A has
two of the three and Person B has one of three, you automatically choose
the one who has two of the three. It's just considerations for us to take into
account. As we go and try to encourage more people to apply, that we seek
out folks that aren't currently represented on the Committee. I don't know if
that answers your question at all. Intentionally so.

Mayor Holman: Just quickly. I appreciate the intention. Yet, I'm not going
to support it because it says "with a focus on." Then it says "greater age
diversity and better renter/homeowner balance."

Council Member Berman: The "focus on" was from the original motion. If
you think that there's ...

Mayor Holman: Yes, but you're adding—excuse me for interrupting. I'm
sorry. It says "with a focus on neighborhood association involvement,
greater age diversity and better renter/homeowner balance." The focus is
still on those things that you've added.

Council Member Berman: The focus is on all of them.


                                                                       Page 127 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
