                              MINUTES
be sufficient as they were based on a one-bedroom home. A one-bedroom
home would be insufficient for Buena Vista families and did not comply with
the Ordinance. Limiting the rent differential payment to one year would
allow Buena Vista residents to move to temporary housing only. The
relocation plan did not identify a single location within 35 miles to which
residents could move based upon the proposed relocation assistance. The
park owner did not propose a plan to move residents to comparable housing.
The proposed average relocation assistance was $53,000. The relocation
impact plan needed information and analysis that would help individual
families plan to move to comparable housing. The park owner's relocation
specialist previously testified that it would be difficult to find housing within
35 miles of the park, that residents would need $20,000-$50,000 more than
the proposed amount, that residents would need some type of outside
financing, and that residents would be unlikely to find apartments with
similar rents. The proposed relocation assistance would not allow Buena
Vista residents to move to comparable housing; was based on an unknown
value; and limited start-up costs to a one-bedroom home. The park owner
did not propose a plan to relocate residents. The City must reject the
current plan, because mitigations were inadequate and the park owner did
not comply with the Ordinance.

Margaret Nanda, Attorney for the Jisser Family, stated three items formed
the legal basis for a park closure: the Mobile Home Park Conversion
Ordinance, State law, and the United States Constitution.          Mitigation
assistance in a mobile home park closure was not unlimited. A mobile home
park owner in the State of California could exit the rental business. The
Jisser family could close the park provided they followed the Ordinance and
State law. The proposed mitigation assistance was contained in Exhibit A to
the Hearing Officer's decision. The Hearing Officer found the proposed
mitigation assistance reasonable.      The Government Code set limits on
mitigation assistance, and the Ordinance was subject to the appropriate
Government Code sections. The steps required to mitigate should not
exceed the reasonable costs of relocation. The Hearing Officer concluded
that the park owner had met its burden of proof and that the package of
mitigation assistance, as a whole and with certain supplemental conditions,
met the criteria set forth in the City's Ordinance. The appraised onsite fair
market values of the homes were prepared by an appraiser approved by the
City. The Ordinance required an appraisal be performed prior to submission
of the first Resident Impact Report (RIR). Appraisals were completed in
April 2013 prior to submission of the report in May 2013. The Ordinance
required the park owner to pay 100 percent of onsite fair market value. The
park owner was offering that amount. The Ordinance set forth items to be
offered as mitigation assistance. On the third night of the public hearings,
the park owner amended the RIR to provide for an appraisal within six

04/13/2015                                                               117- 217
