                         TRANSCRIPT
as the wording states, supposed to be for minor changes that don't have
significant impacts on the surroundings. That's something that I'm having
difficulty finding a basis for. I did become concerned about the queuing into
the parking, but the traffic consultant provided the clarification that three-
quarters of the loading stations are recessed. That does seem to address
that concern that I have. I do have one more question for Staff. Based
upon what our purview is tonight, if we found other minor design changes
that we think are needed for public safety or general welfare, can we
exercise that discretion and give direction back to have those changes
made?

Ms. Silver: You can certainly impose them as conditions of approval if they
affect the overall design of the exterior of the building. We would have to
assess whether that would then have to go back through the ARB process.

Council Member Burt: I'll say what they are. One, I do have a concern on
sight lines exiting from—I'm trying to remember is it Grant or Sherman—
Grant. I re-looked at that based on the drawings, and it is a pretty limited
sight line for someone exiting there who would be making a left turn and
looking to the right for oncoming cars, albeit they be across the street. I'm
not so concerned with the bike lane, because that has a greater visibility to
the left. It's exiting and making a left turn out of Grant, I am concerned
about. That difficulty of seeing those cars creates a complication for being
able to look for the bikes at the same time. You can see the bikes if you
aren't having that difficulty being able to see a car coming from the other
direction. I do have that concern. I don't think that's a major design
change. I appreciate that the applicants have made some modifications to
address the shading that occurs on the one single-family home nearby.
More needs to be done there. Let me see.

Mayor Holman: That's more than five minutes. We can do more than one
round, but perhaps somebody else will ask some of your other questions.

Council Member Burt: I'm good enough for now.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I agree with Council Member Burt that the DEE needs a
careful looking at. I want to take the opportunity to raise a different issue.
I note that we are being asked to approve the EIR, which says on the traffic
side potential impacts of project activities are limited to site-specific
conditions that would not result in any cumulatively considerable
contributions to cumulative impacts. I've been on the Council for seven
years. I have seen that statement a number of times, starting with the
Stanford project. Nothing we approve has cumulative impacts. Yet, if you
look at the existing conditions report, it states clearly between 1998 and

                                                                       Page 72 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
