                          TRANSCRIPT
have a discussion about possibly changing this and yet maintaining the
lifestyle and our quality of life? I think these are really difficult discussions,
challenging discussions for us, because of the complexity, because of what it
causes us to have to think about, stuff that we don't really want to think
about oftentimes. As we have those conversations in local communities, I
think we need to have it much more broadly on a regional basis and think
about these things. I grew up in San Mateo County; I was born in 1948.
Where we lived in Hillsboro, there was a field that I used to go play in at the
end of our block. It was a huge, massive open space. There was a little
seasonal pond there, and we collected pollywogs. I do want to apologize if
any of those were red-legged frogs; I did not know a thing about that as a
child. Where that pond was when I was a kid is now a stretch of Highway
280. We have changed before, and will we change again, and what will it be
like, and how will we manage it and live with it. I think these are probably
the most important set of discussions that we need to have as a region.

Mayor Holman:      More to come on that one, I'm sure.          Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hi, Rich. Good to see you.

Mr. Gordon: Good to see you.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for coming. I think part of the concern
about Airbnb is that the short-term rentals take away housing stock. I'm
just wondering if that's—I don't know what you called it, but this Housing
Element group, was that one of the things that they would look at or is that
on their radar at all?

Mr. Gordon: I don't think that the Housing Element group will be looking at
short-term rentals per se. They're going to be looking more at the RHNA
numbers and some of these kind of traditional things. I think how we deal
with these short-term rentals—I firmly believe we ought to be focusing on
them at a local level. San Francisco has implemented probably the most
extensive ordinance in this regard in the nation. There are other jurisdiction
things we could look at. I don't think the housing group will look at that, but
it is something, I think, that we need to be thinking about in terms of what
its impacts are.

Council Member DuBois: I have kind of several questions around High
Speed Rail. Maybe I'll just go through them, and you can pick and choose.
First, we just talked about it a week ago. We really focused on CSS, Context
Sensitive Solutions. I think we feel like we have a commitment there. I
guess it's less of a question than a comment. We really want to move
forward with that. If you can help make that happen, I think that would be
                                                                          Page 15 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/19/15
