                             MINUTES
Council Member DuBois viewed the Priorities as having a term of three
years.

Mayor Holman announced that Council Members could comment on the
proposed Priorities after the lunch break.

Council took a break at 11:55 A.M. and returned at 12:11 P.M.

Mayor Holman requested comment regarding the proposed infrastructure
Priority.

Council Member Berman felt Staff needed Council analysis and policy
direction regarding several major infrastructure projects. He wanted the
Council to make the necessary decisions so that projects could proceed.

Council Member Scharff believed the City had been talking about a Public
Safety Building for the past 20 years. The Council promised the community
a new Public Safety Building; therefore, the Council should show a
commitment to accomplishing that.

Council Member Burt remarked that the slight change in wording from the
2014 Priority was an important message that the Council was moving
forward.   Accomplishing the list of infrastructure projects would be a
momentous achievement.

Mayor Holman advised that Council Members should make their arguments
for and against Priorities. Council Members would vote following arguments.

Council Member DuBois indicated infrastructure projects had shifted to
oversight. Because the Council was limited to three Priorities, he would rank
infrastructure as a fourth Priority. If the Council could have five Priorities,
he would support infrastructure as a Priority.

Mayor Holman reported the Council was not limited to only three Priorities.
Council Members could offer arguments for selecting more than three
Priorities prior to voting.

Council Member DuBois suggested Council Members adopt five Priorities,
because the proposed Priorities impacted the work of different departments.

Council Member Kniss commented that the Council would have more
involvement with infrastructure projects now that funding was in place.
Discussion of locations and prioritization of projects would require a great
deal of Council discussion.


                                                                         Page 13 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/31/2015
