                          TRANSCRIPT
Samir Tuma: Madam Mayor, Members of the Council, Sami Tuma, 827
Chimalus, right down the street from CPI. I've got really two comments or
one comment and one thing I'd like some clarity on. There was a portion of
the presentation this evening and counsel for CPI has also focused in on this
notion that if they've made additional investments since 2011, somehow
that resets the clock. That certainly is not what we have been told as we've
patiently waited through the years of this process. It sort of flies in the face
of a notion of amortization. Keep spending and you keep prolonging the
clock. I'd like some discussion and understanding of how that works. They
certainly have known since 2011 that this was a very real possibility, and
that time was when the study was done. It was interesting listening to some
of the members from CPI who were here this evening, the HR person in
particular, talking about how comfortable they all are working at CPI. I
suspect that you sort of have to convince yourself that you're comfortable
with that. Otherwise, how do you get through the day? Crystal Wise was
comfortable working at DuPont's factory in Houston. I'm going to read you
an excerpt from an article that was published just last Friday. On her way to
work Crystle Wise, a grandmother from Texas, passed a sign outside
DuPont's plant. The sign read safety is our core value. On November 14,
2014, Wise would pass that sign for the last time. Early the next morning, a
massive leak from one of the buildings where she worked left her and three
others dead. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated issue. Every two days a
leak, fire or explosion occurs at a plant in the United States. Last year 27
workers were killed on the job, and more than 2,400 people were evacuated
from nearby areas because of toxic leaks, spills or emissions. Many more
Americans are at risk since nearly 14,000 active such plants exist in the
United States. The father of one of the people killed in that accident was
quoted as saying, "It's a real freak accident. Stuff like this isn't supposed to
happen." Unfortunately, it does. It's time to do something about it.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.    Stephanie Munoz to be followed by David
Bomberger.

Stephanie Munoz: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. It's
funny for me to be here. This is just the converse of what I usually say
which is that the Council should keep its word and keep its bargains with the
people that it zones into the City. They shouldn't invite people to the City to
live here and then tell them, "Oh, no. Now you can't live here." Safety is
different. Safety trumps precedent. Safety trumps written law. A year ago,
just about a year ago, you passed a law saying that new apartments had to
have electric car chargers. I said to Larry, "Larry, you can't make people
put electric car chargers in their apartments." He said, "Oh, sure we can.
We do it all the time." I had to laugh. You do make people do things.
Often, most often, the demand is for safety. I have a rental house, and the
                                                                             Page 58 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
