                            MINUTES
   2. Adopt the attached Budget Amendment Ordinance in the amount of
      $387,000 to fund the purchase of kitchen buckets and outreach
      materials that are needed as part of the implementation of the new
      residential curbside compost collection program.

Council Member Scharff was pleased to be implementing the program.

Council Member DuBois inquired about the effects for multiunit housing with
shared compost bins attracting vermin.

Matt Krupp, Environmental Control Program Manager, advised that housing
of one to five units subscribed to the residential service. They shared one
green cart. The City would provide those units with individual kitchen
buckets. Housing of five to ten units could participate in the City's free
compost service. Housing of ten units or more could subscribe to the
compost service offered through the commercial program.

Council Member DuBois asked if the compost service was an optional
subscription for multiunit housing.

Mr. Krupp explained a mandatory commercial recycling and composting
Ordinance would require all units to subscribe to a compostable service.
Staff was considering an exception for multifamily units, because they did
not want to compel apartment residents to use a service that was optional
for single-family residents. Participation in the program for single-family
residents would not be enforced.

Mr. Bobel added that concerns about smell or vermin were no different from
the current situation. Residents could place compostable material in a
compostable bag in the green cart or under the kitchen sink.

Council Member Berman had not noticed any issues with vermin; however,
many residents deposited food scraps in the bin the night before it was
scheduled for pickup.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Holman inquired whether the Closed Session was time sensitive.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, noted the Utilities Director and Staff had been
waiting. If the Council was willing to continue, Staff could be directed to
remain.




03/23/2015                                                          117- 151
