                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman agreed that collection of the TOT should not drive
Council or Staff actions. He would not oppose collection efforts if they were
not extensive. There was a difference between owner-occupied rentals and
owner-absent rentals. The Council should attempt to eliminate owner-
absent rentals, because it negatively impacted neighbors. He inquired
whether Staff could easily make that distinction in an Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman believed that was the approach of the San Luis Obispo
Ordinance.

Council Member Berman asked if drafting such an Ordinance would require
extensive Staff time.

Ms. Gitelman reported it would be quite an endeavor to prepare and adopt
an Ordinance such as that, because of public interest.

Council Member Berman asked if all uses were illegal under the current
Ordinance.

James Keene, City Manager, reiterated that enforcement was based on
complaints.

Council Member Berman inquired about methods to simplify the complaint
process and to resolve complaints more quickly.

Ms. Gitelman felt those problems could be solved by adding resources to the
Code Enforcement function. The City employed two Code Enforcement
Officers who handled all code enforcement activity. Additional resources
could allow more action in areas prioritized by the Council.

Mr. Keene indicated Staff was discussing additional funding for Code
Enforcement in developing the Budget. Enforcement also involved better
awareness and outreach.         With more Code Enforcement Officers,
investigations could proceed more quickly.

Council Member Berman felt the Police Department was also involved when
Code Enforcement Officers were off duty.         He inquired whether Police
Officers could evict people from a rental residence.

Ms. Stump reported Police Officers were often the first line of interaction
with the public. However, Police Officers' first responsibility was addressing
violations of criminal law and to abate any health or safety problems. Police
Officers would refer a complaint of a Zoning Code violation to Code
Enforcement Officers. Code Enforcement Officers would work with the City
Attorney's Office to inform the owner or a long-term tenant of City rules.

03/09/2015                                                              117- 67
