                         TRANSCRIPT
one Council Member or two Council Members if you're really concerned about
that. We have procedures on this, and the procedures are followed. I
always make the argument for everything. I remember that Larry Klein
disagreed with this a little bit. He thinks that sometimes we should have it
not on Consent, not that it's controversial, but that we want to talk about it
and say what great things we're doing. I come down on efficiency, and I say
Council meetings are full on the agendas. If it is not something that can get
three Council Members to pull it, we should keep it on Consent. I stick by
that, and that's where I think it should be. When we come to motions, that
would be my suggestion, that we grandfather in the 1.5 megawatts, we take
the money from the General Fund and give it to the Utilities Fund.
Otherwise, what we're doing is enriching the General Fund at the expense of
the ratepayers. I don't think that's appropriate in this context. Is there
anything else I want to add? I think that's my comments for now.

Council Member Berman:          I appreciate the energy and passion and
arguments of all of my colleagues. I come down on the vast majority of
things agreeing with Council Member Burt's comments. Let me start by
saying I agree with the last comment that Council Member Scharff made. If
there's lease revenue that's being generated, it should go to offset any cost
to ratepayers of the project. That seems to make a lot of sense. There's a
direct nexus there. That's good policy. There are many more benefits to the
Palo Alto CLEAN Program to have locally generated solar. It's a little more
complicated than this is a drop in the bucket and, therefore, it's not worth
doing. The solution to clean energy and clean energy being adopted on a
massive scale across the state and the country isn't only going to be utility-
scale projects in the desert or the Central Valley or other places or farms
where it is causing other environmental concerns.         It needs to be a
multifaceted approach. While 3 megawatts might not be a massive amount,
as other folks in the community have mentioned this is hopefully also just
the beginning of the adoption of local solar projects. We would be looking
for the cost of those to come down as they have in other communities. I
don't think that just because we're dealing with a small amount right now
which means that it's inconsequential and not worth it. A lot of comments
have been made, and I won't repeat them all. A lot of great comments have
been made by members of the public. We were right to adopt this policy as
a Council in the past. I've said this in regards to many other different types
of policy, that I’m not a proponent of changing policy midway through the
process. That's what we'd be doing here. Whether or not we can or not, I
don't think it's right. I will be mostly supporting the Finance Committee's
recommendations with the addition of using the lease payments to help cut
the cost of the program. I'm comfortable with the idea of adding additional
types of clean energy other than solar as well.

                                                                         Page 37 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
