                          TRANSCRIPT
now been published in final It's my understanding it was published on
Friday. It'll take effect 60 days after the publication date, if it was on Friday.
The concern here is the cost implications it'll have on the City's storm water
management program, on water recycling programs and on water delivery
systems in California and throughout the country. Congress has included a
rider in the appropriations bill to stop that rule from taking effect. I'm not
saying that that's going to happen, but there's a lot of concern in Congress
about that rule. The other rider that's an issue and the City has expressed
interest in has to do with floodplain management requirements.                 The
President issued an executive order that took effect immediately at the end
of March, I believe it was, empowering the federal agencies to come up with
their own interpretations of what a floodplain is and where a floodplain lies,
and then directed them to come up restrictions on any grants, loans, loan
guarantees, any federal action affecting those floodplains. We're concerned
about that because the City has to adopt very specific ordinances that are
tied to the floodplain identified by FEMA. It becomes an administrative
nightmare for the City to have to deal with multiple federal agencies that
might have different interpretations of where that floodplain is. The City
sent comments to FEMA on that. The executive action is final. There was
comment solicited on some implementation guidelines, and that's what the
City submitted comments on. One other matter that I wanted to mention is
the San Francisquito Creek project. We've seen tremendous progress on
this issue over the last couple of years, as Council Member Kniss well knows
given her long history with this project. It's been a very painful process to
get this to the point where we are now. Funding for that study is included in
the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill in both the House
and Senate versions of those bills.         $331,000 to fund that study to
completion. There are other regulatory issues we'll be working on with
respect to that project to enable the local sponsor, the JPA, to advance
funds, certain construction phases of that project. We have a ways to go on
that issue. I'm happy to answer questions that you might have on any of
those issues. Before I do that, I want to have Steve come up and talk about
transportation and some other issues.

Steve Palmer, Van Scoyoc Associates: Madam Mayor and Members of the
Council Member, my name is Steve Palmer, also a vice president at Van
Scoyoc Associates. I want to touch on two issues. One is the Surface
Transportation Policy Bill which is starting to move through the Congress.
The other you've heard quite a bit about tonight, and that is airport noise.
First on surface transportation. Normally, Congress every five to six years
passes a bill that sets the policy and the overall spending levels for
highways, transit, bridges and safety. The last bill was MAP-21 in 2012.
That bill has now expired, and we're on our second extension that runs
through the end of July. The issue and the reason we're having these short-
                                                                            Page 58 of 82
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/22/15
