                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, question?

Council Member DuBois: A couple of comments. It's great we got through
this. When Comprehensive Plan items come to Council next year, I think it'd
be great if you guys, as part of each one, gave us an update on the CAC and
we started to have more of a check-in. What I said earlier was if there are
revisions or things where we've left it to you to make edits, some of that
stuff starts to get produced and it could start to flow back so we don't get it
all at once, that would be awesome.

Mr. Dennis: We have programmed in right now multiple check-in points with
the Council over the next year on particular elements. It will not all come
back at once.

Council Member DuBois: What I'm suggesting is if we can agendize those a
little more generally, when you come back with Community Services
Element, maybe give us a 10-minute update on the rest of the Comp Plan
and the other elements. Again, if you start to have a draft of the vision or
whatever, we'll have to figure out how we handle those. I think it'd be good
to start to see some of that so it's not a year before we see it again and
we've forgotten everything. To echo Council Member Schmid on Land Use,
my recollection was we had a bit that we still needed to do. I went back and
looked at my notes. We did finish the vision and goals, but we made a
Motion where we asked for six or seven things. It wasn't just L-8 that we
talked about. We had a discussion about directions on pacing office growth,
appropriate land use designations, occupant density.         It was a pretty
complicated Motion. That's an example of impacts of restaurant versus
retail. There was a bunch of stuff in there. When will that come back? I felt
like there was a lot of unfinished discussion around land use.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member DuBois, I'm going to have to go back and
look at that Motion. My recollection is that it was direction for the CAC to
work on these things. When they complete a draft, that would come back to
the Council for your input. The exception was Policy L-8. The Council was
explicit that that was in their purview, and you wanted to discuss that issue
further. These other items, I thought it was essentially direction to the CAC
to examine these issues and address them in policy.

Council Member DuBois: You're correct, except for the one about modern
use definitions for commercial zoning. I think we said that should come
back to Council. I saw we also have a session scheduled on the joint
Housing Element. I had the same question; if we have a joint Study
Session, is Council going to have the opportunity to weigh in on the Housing
Element on our own?

                                                                         Page 85 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
