                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:        Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to add to the Motion “Direct Staff to draft Ordinance
language granting existing formula retail uses legal conforming status.”

Mayor Holman: Do you need to speak any further to your amendment?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, I do. I think that—I'll say that I'm really
glad FedEx is there. I think the Counter does a good job and a lot of people
use it. I think there's a variety of those businesses. I don't think we want
to send them a message that we want them to leave. I want to make sure
that they don't feel that way. I guess I have to ask about intensification
since you did. We've put a bunch of sidewalk chairs; we've widened the
sidewalks. If one of those formula retail places, like the Counter, wanted to
put extra chairs or Starbucks wanted to put extra chairs, that would not be
an intensification of use. Correct? I just want to know what the definition of
intensification of use is.

Mr. Lait: As long as it's not considered—as long as it's not covered and not
part of a floor area type of definition.

Council Member Scharff: You mean as long as they're not expanding their
space.

Mr. Lait: Yeah, into an adjacent tenant's space.

Council Member Scharff: I'm fine with it. Yes.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Wolbach, do you care to speak to the
second?

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, can we see the amendment on the
screen? Thanks. I don't know if this would cover—Scharff, this is actually
good for you to hear also. Council Member Scharff. I just want to make
sure—I want to know if it's your intention or whether we should ask Staff to
bring two alternatives, whether this includes, say, like the example that was
raised earlier. Starbucks, if we're granting them legal conforming status, if
that was going to switch over, like, the Starbucks wanted to leave or that
they went out of business, if that use, that location was going to convert to
or could still be available to another similar business, would we want to allow
that to be possible? Is that kind of what you would want to get at with your
direction to Staff?

Council Member Scharff: That's already what they've said is true. That
already exists. Doing this doesn't change that. They're already allowed to
do that.
                                                                        Page 68 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
