                         TRANSCRIPT
big, luxury, expensive apartments. That's something we really need to
move that conversation forward so that that's an option to consider maybe
in the future when sites like this come up, even if it's not applicable here.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.          With that, does Staff have any
wrapping-up comments? Okay.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all. Thank you to everyone who came to speak
and present on this project.

Mayor Holman: With that then, we will go to Item Number 6.

6.   Carl Guardino, Silicon Valley Leadership Group, Presentation and
     Council Discussion Regarding Potential 2016 Santa Clara County
     Transportation Funding Measure.

Mayor Holman: We will give a moment here for the Chambers to clear of
those who here for the prior item. If I might ask members of the public who
were here for the prior item to move the conversation to the lobby, that will
help us continue our meeting. Staff, Russ, can you maybe help with that?
Help move members of the public to the lobby, if you would please. Hang
on there just one moment with us. Thank you very much. Welcome,
Mr. Guardino.

Carl Guardino, CEO and President of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group:
Mayor Holman and members of the Council, it's not unusual that when I get
up to speak the whole rooms leaves. This is like going home and seeing my
little girls. They walk out of the room as well. For the record, my name is
Carl Guardino. I'm CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. For
purposes of this presentation, as many of you know, I'm also a member of
the California Transportation Commission, one of nine gubernatorial
appointees for the last nine years. We program and allocate about $7 billion
a year in transportation funds throughout California. I want to thank you,
Mayor and Council, for the invitation to come and visit with you tonight and
to speak with you about the traffic congestion challenges that we face
throughout our region really, but for the purposes of tonight in Santa Clara
County specifically. I thought it might be helpful to provide a quick overview
of the background of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group on these issues,
and then into a short slide presentation to provide context for what many
are considering for November of 2016, and then some fairly recent survey
data as well. With that, Mayor and Council, let me start. As some of you
know, the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, which has been in existence now
for 39 years since David Packard, cofounder of Hewlett-Packard, created it in
                                                                       Page 64 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
