                         TRASNCRIPT
to go. It says yada, yada, yada, "and other methods to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions and the use of" blank.

Council Member Burt: Something.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't know what was supposed to go there, but
hopefully innovative transportation technologies would be included. I'll just
point that out and leave it there.

Council Member Scharff: Isn't it T-10, not T-8 (inaudible) airport?

Council Member Wolbach: New Goal T-8. Old Goal T-10.

Council Member Burt: New T-8.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, it's new T-8. Just one question on this. I keep trying
to look at this. If you go back and read further back here, it talks about
incorporating these existing—it does the same thing for community services.
Transportation among community services. I flipped back too far. We're
not eliminating other than what's indicated in this document, we're not
eliminating any of the other transportation goals, right? I just want to make
sure we're not overlooking something.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure I understand the question. We're trying to
choose the goal structure that we'll use for the draft. I think the suggestion
in the motion is we'll use the right-hand column here with a number of
changes that are articulated.

Mayor Holman: What I'm trying to just absolutely discern, though, is that all
current transportation goals have been addressed in this document. There
haven't been any that have been kind of set aside.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the PTC reorganized and expanded in this case.               I
don't think any concept or idea was lost.

Mayor Holman: Just wanted to double check that from your perspective.

Vice Mayor Schmid: T-1, if I could suggest adding after "use of public
transportation," "mixed use zoning." The policies and programs under there
include housing near employment centers, housing near transit stations, and
so on. It seems that to get that in there, to add "mixed use zoning."

Mayor Holman: I'm not clear where you're wanting to add that. In the new
Goal 1, T-1?


                                                                      Page 121 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
