                          TRANSCRIPT
prior sales tax revenues, how much had been generated, one of the things I
asked for was where did they come from. One of the other things I asked
for was what percentage of the vote did each district produce to get that
necessary two-thirds vote. That startled and, I dare say, maybe even
offended some of my colleagues. I said, "Look. I'm not saying that the Fifth
Supervisorial District, which I represent, deserves 24 percent of the funding
because we provided 24 percent of the votes that are necessary. I'm saying
that if you don't provide a package that provides meaningful congestion
relief throughout the entire county including the Fifth Supervisorial District,
you risk not getting those votes which previously proved essential to the
passage of these measures." The most recent tax, as some of you will
recall, from 2008 passed with a margin of .1 or .2 percent, with 66.666
that's required. It passed, I think, with 66.8. It was a very narrow thing.
The results were not known for weeks after. I've just sort of suggested,
when people in my district—I know Palo Alto's numbers are different. For
example, in my district I think 16 1/2 percent of the sales tax revenue has
come from my district, but only about 5 percent of the benefit is coming to
my district. When it's time to go to the ballot, it's just going to be hard for
me to say to people that I represent, "Yes, you've been putting $3 into the
system and only getting a dollar's worth of benefit back year after year, but
come on let's put on a show." That's going to be a little tough. All those
things need to be in mind. You need to be mindful of equity. You need to
be mindful of where the need is. You need to be mindful of where are there
really good solutions that will benefit us all. You also need to be mindful of
the practical political imperative. That was a long answer. The short answer
version is I would hope it doesn't come to that, but maybe the threat of that
is what helps us get a package that everybody can support.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the work you've been
doing on Buena Vista, on transportation and on a whole range of other
issues that we probably won't have a chance to get to tonight. I just want
to start by saying thanks. As a former staffer myself, I noticed your staff is
here. I want to also say thank you to your staff, because I know that they
work extremely, extremely hard.

Supervisor Simitian: Now you've made me look bad in front of my staff for
not introducing them. Micaela Hellman-Tincher who is herself a Palo Alto
product and works in my office on a range of social service issues, but is also
our Palo Alto person.


                                                                        Page 14 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
