                             MINUTES
possibly institute additional guidelines for. She was most concerned about
the potential for legal issues to be implicated in a quasi-judicial matter.
Typically Council Members acted as a legislative body that set policy, at
which time the Council had broader discretion. From time to time, the
Council acted as a quasi-judicial body and made decisions regarding a
particular item to which existing laws should be applied. In a quasi-judicial
proceeding, constitutional principles of due process applied. The parties
appearing before the Council had a right to be heard and the right to obtain
a decision based on the record before the Council. When new items were
added to the record, they had to be added in a way that honored due
process rights. The Council could discuss various ways to do that. Partly it
would be a question of timing. The Council should consider additional
elements of disclosure that were made when a due process item was called.

Mayor Holman added that new information should be presented sooner.

Ms. Stump stated that adding new information to the record the night of the
decision had implications. Legally, the key implication was that the parties
were receiving the information for the first time. The parties had a right to
understand that the decision could in part be based on that new information.
Therefore, parties needed time to understand, absorb, and respond to the
new information. If new information was added at a meeting, the Council
would need to reschedule its final decision to another night so that parties
would have an opportunity to respond to the new information.             The
information could be presented earlier in the process, such that the Council
could hear and resolve the item at the scheduled time.

Mayor Holman reiterated that topics would be referred to the Policy and
Services Committee. The City Attorney suggested writing a summary of
potentialities, risks, and opportunities for submission to the full Council.

Ms. Stump wanted to prepare a primer for the Council regarding the full
issue of due process. She did not mean to imply there were unaddressed
problems; however, due process was an important duty of the Council.

Mayor Holman clarified that Staff was attempting to avoid problems rather
than addressing existing problems.

Vice Mayor Schmid assumed the City Attorney was not concerned about
reinterpretation of old data or presentation of data that might have been
presented in a different context. The City Attorney was concerned about
new data that had not been publicized in a Council packet in the history of
the Council.

Ms. Stump explained that in the context of a due process matter, new data
was narrower. New data pertained to the record before the Council. If a

02/17/2015                                                           116- 483
