                         TRANSCRIPT
City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: A couple of items to report. I want to update
the Council on the status of the Middlefield repaving contract. We have an
at-places Staff memo to Council responding to some citizen concerns that
you had received. Since it got here so late, I thought it was worthwhile for
me to repeat it. You received some emails, particularly one from a citizen,
John Guisun, who lives on Middlefield Road. Staff, at my request, prepared
responses to the concerns, which in my view responds satisfactorily to
almost all the concerns. There were questions raised about the driveway
aprons impact. We want to make it clear that the contract for this project
does include installing new wider driveway aprons for all residents on
Middlefield affected by the project who might be interested. Most residents
have been in favor of this change for their driveways. Any residents who
wish to have their driveway replaced to match the current narrow driveway
configuration will be able to do so. That clarifies that concern. There were
questions about Saturday paving work. The contract includes doing the
primary milling and paving work on Middlefield on Saturdays, but that is
expected to take two Saturdays. However, the base repairs to the road,
significant concrete work for driveways, curbs and gutters and asphalt
paving around corner areas will and must precede the milling and paving.
That will take place on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. We anticipate
that the work on the weekdays will take place over about a six-week period.
Staff had talked to the resident about this. I don't think we got full
satisfaction on the two Saturday days. Staff has assured me this is the most
effective and least impactful approach to take on the paving and milling
work which would be restricted to those two days.            There were also
questions about the pathway near the Menlo Park border. The scope of the
project does include new pavement for the pathway from Palo Alto Avenue
to the Menlo Park border. The pathway width will remain the same as it
currently is, 3 1/2-4 feet wide. The vegetation on the creek side of the
pathway will be trimmed back. Given concerns raised about vegetation,
Public Works will also investigate increasing the frequency for regular
trimming of vegetation in this area. There was concern about adequate
sidewalk repair as part of the project. The contract does include 7,200
square feet of sidewalk replacement. The project will replace all lifted or
broken sidewalk within the work area. That's a satisfactory clarification to
the majority of concerns. You might have noticed outside in King Plaza
some signs that Public Works put up around the plaza. We're in the process
of beginning some landscape improvements on the plaza, with a goal of
reducing irrigation. The work will continue through the end of July. The
plaza will remain open during construction. The project includes replacing
the turf with two planted areas underneath the magnolia trees in front of
City Hall; removal of the ivy at the garage entry planters and replacing it
                                                                       Page 28 of 82
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 06/22/15
