                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt reported the Substitute Motion was misguided, because
it contained an implicit premise that Meeting Management items pertained to
this year and this Mayor. Meeting Management items pertained to Council
policies for how the Mayor would run meetings, but not about a given Mayor.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-6 Kniss, Schmid yes, Scharff absent

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to refer to Policy and Services Committee consideration of
proposals to replace the Regional Housing Mandate Committee with a
Council Comprehensive Plan Update Committee, to form a new ad hoc
Healthy City/Healthy Community Committee, and the City/School Liaison
Committee explore with PAUSD taking a more substantial role.

Council Member Kniss inquired whether those Committees would be subject
to Policy and Services Committee review prior to their being created or
altered.

Council Member DuBois answered yes.

Council Member Burt believed the Committee of the Whole should review
formation of Committees, not the Policy and Services Committee. He asked
if there would be a second meeting of the Committee of the Whole.

Mayor Holman indicated a second meeting would be held once a date could
be identified.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to refer the Motion to eh Committee of the Whole
rather than the Policy & Services Committee.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the item could be agendized for a regular
Council meeting.

Mayor Holman responded no, because Council Agendas were full.

Council Member Burt felt an informal dialog would be more productive.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to refer to the Committee of the Whole consideration of
proposals to replace the Regional Housing Mandate Committee with a
Council Comprehensive Plan Update Committee, to form a new ad hoc
Healthy City/Healthy Community Committee, and the City/School Liaison
Committee explore with PAUSD taking a more substantial role.


02/17/2015                                                         116- 499
