                          TRANSCRIPT
garage egress and ingress is onto Page Mill at a block which is close to an
intersection with massive congestion, that's Page Mill and El Camino Real.
At this point, we do see bottlenecks during the morning where cars are stuck
waiting for other cars to enter into these driveways. The development's
residents and tenants, when exiting the garage, can only turn right onto
Page Mill, which indicates to me that those wanting to head towards the 280
or even going south on El Camino will intrude into the neighborhoods, in
particular, looking for streets that have traffic lights such as California and
Margarita, both bicycle boulevards. Further, the traffic report by RKH only
reviewed three intersections, but have not taken into consideration vehicle
traffic exiting and entering from and into the other businesses along that
block on Page Mill. Even now there's gridlock as they come to almost a stop
when they're turning into the driveways. Another matter is loading and
unloading for deliveries to the retail and offices. Will this be on Page Mill?
Downtown is a perfect example. While it can be said that Downtown streets
were developed way back, this is a new development. A matter such as
delivery loading and unloading should be strategically planned. The City
needs to resolve cumulative impacts before continuing to approve building
projects. Please stop impacting the neighborhoods.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Holman and City Council Members. I
looked in particular at the concessions and whether all of those are needed.
The big question, and it's in the Staff Report, is if the value of the
concessions exceed the cost of the BMR housing units, one or more of the
concessions may not be required. That's the State law. This is from page 8
of the KMA report. You'll notice it says that the incremental value of the
concessions is $560,000 at the bottom right. This table appears to include
the reduced rents that is the cost of the BMRs. First of all, the $10,483,000
number reflects the reduced rents from the BMRs; that comes from
elsewhere in the Staff Report. Also, the full construction costs appear to be
in this table as well. That includes the cost of building the BMRs. Those are
the two basic costs of the BMRs. They're in here which means that that
$560,000 number shows that there's a profit to the developer from adding
the BMRs. Again, the question was do the value of the concessions exceed
the cost of the BMRs. The answer is yes, they do. They exceed it by
$560,000. That means that some of the concessions may not be needed.
The report states the opposite. On page 12 it claims the BMRs cost more,
but that's because it's comparing the cost of the BMRs with a cost that it
already subtracted those from. It basically is double counting the costs of
the BMRs. If you double cost account, things look very different. That's the
source of the confusion. Another problem in the report is that it uses a 5
percent vacancy rate for the BMR units. If that were true, it would be an
utter shame, an utter disaster for our City. We talked with the Palo Alto
Housing Corporation today. They say the vacancy rate is less than 1 percent
                                                                       Page 118 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
