                         TRANSCRIPT
Member Burt were doing in trying to pick out words from this and make sure
it's right. I don't think we should outsource it to some other group,
especially this part.     Maybe other pieces, when we get into detailed
programs and stuff like that. The high-level vision stuff, we need to keep
very closely tied into this. I was going to ask a question. How do we
resolve this? How do we do the final edit on this? I'm not sure. I see us
grappling with the original language on these things, which is wordier,
versus the PTC's wording, which is simpler. I do agree with the people who
have spoken before that said it. The brief versions have lost quite a bit from
the original version. We need to be judicious in this. The one comment I
would make on, it really applies to the Land Use decision. Council Member
Burt was talking about the words of "growth needs." We need to be careful
to distinguish what are policy choices versus environmental things that are
going to happen to us, particularly with the issue relative to growth. Growth
is a policy choice. There's people that say it's going to happen to us and we
have to mitigate it. It's impacted by choices we make in terms of zoning
and planning. At that level, it's a policy choice. The revised language seems
like it's going to happen to us. Actually it's something we need to control.
There's a difference between stopping it and managing it. We need to
recognize that this kind of stuff is stuff we manage. That's my two bits on
that point. I'll stop there.

Mayor Holman: I'll start with a simple motion which is having to do with the
working group, I'll call it, having to do with the Comp Plan discussion. I
don't think it should be the same group that is the current Leadership Group,
because they were chosen for very different reasons, not expertise or
familiarity with the Comp Plan. I'll look for suggestions from colleagues
about how it's chosen.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to form
a working group to work through the Comprehensive Plan for the duration of
the process.

Mayor Holman: We'll need to see the motion on our screens, if we can.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Excuse me, Mayor Holman.

Mayor Holman: Yes.

Ms. Stump: Maybe the Council wants to think carefully about how it wants
to structure that committee in terms of the Brown Act process. If the
Council sets up the committee, then it will be a formal Brown Act body and it
will require noticing. It needs to have agendas and meet in public. A
committee that's formed and appointed by the City Manager to advise him
has more flexibility. Recently almost all of those committees have indeed
                                                                         Page 41 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
