                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm actually going to propose two amendments.
Actually I know one of them won't be taken as friendly, because we just
heard that. I'll run with that one. I'll just do that one first, and I'll come
back to my second one. I propose an amendment that at the end of the
third line of "A" add "in addition to the 700 million already requested by
Caltrain for other Caltrain improvements."

Mayor Holman: We know Council Member Scharff will not accept it as an
amendment. I would second it. It is 750, I believe.

Council Member DuBois: I think it's 700.

Mayor Holman: Is it 700? I thought it was 750.

Council Member Wolbach: We can say approximately.

Council Member Scharff: We don't know. They're asking for between 750
and a million.

Council Member DuBois: I have a list; I don't know if it's up to date.

Council Member Wolbach: Then we can get rid of the numbers and we can
say "in addition to the funding separately requested by Caltrain for other
improvements to the system."

Council Member Scharff: We already have that.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll speak to it in a second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff. I would still second that.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to speak to your amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, I would. There are a couple of things.
One, I fully respect the idea, as was said before, that nobody's going to say
if we spend money on Caltrain grade separation, we're not going to spend
money on the other Caltrain improvements.

Council Member Scharff: I don't have a problem with (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, you don't have the floor.

Council Member Scharff: I would accept this. You didn't ask me if I would
accept it or not.

Mayor Holman: You had already said you wouldn't.

                                                                         Page 63 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
