                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt remarked that Priorities by nature had to be succinct.
The emphasis on living in the community was captured in "livability."
Livability in the context of the built environment captured "land use focused
on quality of life for residents" as well as any single word could. He
discouraged the Council from proposing long narratives that were not
succinct messages about the Priority.

Council Member Scharff concurred with Council Member Burt's comments.
The word livability contained the emphasis on residents.

Council Member Filseth requested Council Member Burt propose language.

Council Member Burt would not substitute "livability" with "land use focused
on quality of life for residents."

Council Member Filseth requested someone read the 2014 Priority.

Council Member Burt responded “The Built Environment: Mobility, Parking
and Livability.” To change the wording without making a substantive change
in the purpose was confusing to the community and did not add value.

Mayor Holman requested the Council reach a conclusion quickly in the
interest of time.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the Council would vote on Priorities
individually.

Mayor Holman answered yes.

Council Member DuBois did not believe nine words versus one word was a
major issue. The term livability could have many meanings and different
interpretations. He preferred to use "land use" and "residents" in a Priority.

Mayor Holman explained that the proposed Priority would include land use
items from the list.

Council Member DuBois would agree to "livability" if he was the only Council
Member opposed to its use.

Council Member Wolbach would not support the Motion because "livability"
was as vague as "quality of life."

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 DuBois, Filseth, Schmid yes

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0


                                                                        Page 10 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/31/2015
