                          TRANSCRIPT
reduced the size of the building. I wanted to bring that up here, because
when the second picture was shown of the elevator stair tower, it really is
overwhelming. I don't live in this area; I live over on Channing Avenue. I
have friends in the area who do live in the condominium complex. Even
without this building, there is never any parking on Grant Avenue. Usually
when we meet in the evening, we have to go a block or so up Grant Avenue
for parking, and that is in the evening. The California Avenue area has had
a tremendous amount of development, and considerable development is on
the books to occur. There's no parking. To have 92 cars going in and
having to wait to enter into a mechanical lift system when the other
residents are trying to exit or come in or park, I can't even imagine it.
Parking, traffic, congestion on Park Avenue is only going to increase when
these new buildings come into effect. I'm also not aware why they need a
roof recreational area. That's something that is occurring recently. I
haven't been aware of it before three or four years ago. I'd like you to listen
to the residents and take all their concerns into consideration. Thank you.

William Ross: Good evening. My name is William Ross. I've submitted
written comments for the record on this. I also testified before the Planning
and Transportation Commission. I'd like to focus on some environmental
issues, because they are critical to your determination on certification of the
FEIR for this project. Everything must be supported by substantial evidence.
It's been suggested, certainly at the Planning and Transportation
Commission, that the baseline for that determination should be at the time
and the Notice of Preparation. I respectfully suggest it's now, based among
other things for water and recycled water, on the emergency order issued by
the Governor on April 1st, implementing regulations from the State Water
Quality Control Board that became effective today. That has to be joined
with your own draft Environmental Impact Report for your recycled water
system which was released in the third week of April. It's based on a Notice
of Preparation from June 2011. Why there is a four-year gap I can only
guess is driven by the emergency regulations dealing with water supply. In
any event, the determinations in those two areas of the EIR are not
supported by substantial evidence. They are not based on any of those
criteria. Chapter 7 references of the current Environmental Impact Report
does not reference any of those documents for purposes of review.
Curiously, the actual DEIR for the recycled water system contemplates over
900 acre feet of water that would be used in conjunction with potable water
demands to reduce potable water demands. In Volume 2 of that document,
under Appendix A, it lists potential users. At cite 81, it specifically lists Cal.
and Birch Street, a little over 500 feet from the subject property. I would
suggest that that affords a basis for a different review. I also suggest a
Statement of Overriding Considerations, particularly the first one which is
misstated in the Staff Report from the one you would adopt in the
                                                                          Page 56 of 103
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/1/15
