                            TRANSCRIPT
separations and their other priorities. They put all of their other priorities ahead
of grade separations. We're going back, and we're putting their other priorities
on equal ground with grade separations. This 700 million, we haven't had any
in-depth discussion. My understanding—maybe Adina knows this better—that's,
I think, three purposes. It's to fill a gap in electrification. It's rolling stock, and
it's platform lengthening. Presumably the platform lengthening would be just
our county's portion of it. The rolling stock and the electrification shortfalls are
not county shortfalls. They're for the three county system, and they're coming
and asking Santa Clara County to make up that shortfall. We're saying we're
going to put that essentially on equal footing with our priority for grade
separations. In our good guy approach of supporting Caltrain and wanting to
see them modernized, we are—they're not going to bat for us and we're going
to bat for them. I would encourage us—actually I'll offer substitute language
that we engage with Caltrain to determine what specific needs they have for the
prospective County transportation tax measure and return to Council with that
information so that Council can make a further determination of its advocacy.

Council Member Wolbach: That'd be replacing the last two lines (inaudible)?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, it would basically replace the last two lines of "A"
with this language. I'm not saying no to this, but as of what I know right now,
I'm not quite sure that this is necessary. As I mentioned earlier, they're going
after these same dollars from other pots. Not only are these dollars to serve
the three counties coming out of our funds, but they're going after them
elsewhere. I'm not at all convinced they're going to need this. They have a lot
of funding sources. They have State at cap and trade. They have Federal
dollars they're seeking, have regional dollars they're seeking. They don't have
to come out of our limited Santa Clara County dollars, which are probably the
most meaningful pot that is going to fund grade separations long term.

Mayor Holman: Could I ask a clarifying question before I look to Council
Member Scharff for acceptance or not? Council Member Burt, you said that
Caltrain's looking to fill the funding gap in Santa Clara County or from Santa
Clara County for the rolling stock even though that rolling stock serves two
other counties.

Council Member Burt: It's both. My understanding is it's both rolling stock and
electrification shortfalls. It's both those things, or the whole system.

Mayor Holman: Do we know if it's proportional or if it is the gap?

Council Member Burt: To my knowledge, they're not going to the other two
counties for these dollars. They're going to the State, MTC and the Federal
government; they're not going to the other counties. This is all the more
reason why I'm not saying don't do it. I'm saying we need to go back and have
                                                                                Page 67 of 70
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 10/13/15
