                             MINUTES
KMA and Staff agreed that the incentives were needed and the required
findings for denial could not be made. The proposed project passed the
stringent review process, and State law required the City to grant the
requested incentives.

Frank Ingle remarked that the proposed project was in a difficult location.
He hoped the Council could find a way to deny the application. The Council
should consider the effects of this project along with the effects of projects
in the pipeline.

Louis Luh commented that the trees in the rear screening were reported to
grow only 30 feet tall, which would not be high enough to block the view
from the second-floor of his home. A smoking area was located at the rear
of the site close to his backyard where his children played.

Judith Wasserman believed this project was the kind of project the City
wanted. The project offered mixed use, did not exceed the height limit, and
was close to services and transportation. She encouraged the Council to
continue to obey the law.

David Kleiman supported recommendations to approve the project. The
design of the project was pleasing to the eye and compatible with the
location.

Daniel Garber supported PTC, ARB, and Staff recommendations to approve
the project. The project provided ten residential units which were most
welcome. The requested concessions were allowed "by right." He supported
the Director's finding regarding 91 off-street parking spaces.

Stephanie Munoz stated that the Council could not allow more buildings to
be under-parked. Projects should provide parking rather than paying in-lieu
fees.

Bob Moss indicated the City had required BMR units in every development
and did not offer incentives. The Council did not have to provide 100
percent of requested concessions. The project was under-parked and would
create further traffic congestion. He suggested the Council reduce office
space by at least 2,000 square feet and require 2,000 square feet of onsite
parking.

David Keller remarked that the property in its current state was an eyesore,
and the project would be an improvement for the community. The project's
location was ideal to attract rail and bike commuters. He fully supported the
project and hoped the Council would as well.

                                                                        Page 12 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
