                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid asked Ms. Gitelman if she meant there were two sections
of the Code: the mandate for parking of 4 and an exception that allowed
use of 3.03.

Ms. Gitelman indicated that the section did not provide a ratio. It suggested
a methodology for justifying the exception.           Staff considered the
methodology and felt it was warranted.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Council Members could pose
questions to the Applicant.

Mayor Holman indicated that Council Member questions could be directed to
Staff, the Applicant, or the public.

Council Member Burt recalled the Applicant attorney mentioned case law
stating that cities could not reduce proposed concessions. He inquired
whether the City could reduce concessions if they were twice the amount the
Applicant proposed.

Ms. Prince clarified that the court had not determined specific details for
reducing concessions. Generally, if incentives were necessary, State law
required approval of those incentives unless findings based on substantial
evidence could be made.

Council Member Burt stated Ms. Prince asserted that the Council could not
adjust concessions based on case law. He asked if she would make the
same argument if the Applicant had requested concessions twice the
proposed amount.

Ms. Prince answered yes.

Council Member Burt did not believe Staff would be able to answer Vice
Mayor Schmid's question regarding growth of 3 percent per year versus 1
percent per year within the current discussion. That would be a substantial
issue and would raise his concerns about whether the impact analysis was
adequate. He inquired whether Staff would be able to provide an answer
within the current meeting.

Ms. Gitelman could not comment prior to referring to the Existing Conditions
Report and other data about traffic volumes at that intersection over time.
She would also need to confer with traffic experts.

Council Member Burt wanted to know if Council Members could have a
response in the current meeting. It sounded as though the answer was no.


                                                                       Page 18 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
