                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: That's fine. Vice Mayor Schmid, maybe you'd like
to go to Washington and talk directly with the FCC. That'd be great.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “request that the U.S.
Federal Communications Commission provide an annual update on the
status of health studies that they and the World Health Organization
conduct.”

Council Member Burt: Last week we had our legislative agenda. It seems
like that's the place that this should be directed. I don't know what is the
point of doing it through this motion other than as a way to direct that this
be included in our legislative agenda.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, did you want to add anything having to
do with our legislative advocates as part of this amendment?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. That's a good idea, to send it to them. It would
be helpful, since the FCC has directed us how to run our meetings without
information, to let them know that information is a critical part of a public
hearing. They're asking us to conduct public hearings, so they have some
responsibility.

Council Member Burt: How would this be done? How are you envisioning
that this would be done?

Vice Mayor Schmid:      I would assume that if there are a number of
communities that are concerned with health issues like us and the FCC gets
a number of requests, they would appoint some deputy manager to write an
annual update.

Council Member Burt: Is this intended that the City would write a letter
signed by the Mayor? That's what I'm trying to understand.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. To the FCC in response to their request for us to
adapt our local laws.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, is the additional information that you
want to have included here to perhaps have this copied to our legislative
advocates and direct them to follow up?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Is that agreeable to maker and seconder?


                                                                        Page 34 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
