                         TRANSCRIPT
committee around the land use and community design element. That would
be the time that we would try and identify a place to put this kind of
program and the larger policy framework around neighborhood quality of
life.

Vice Mayor Schmid: As I said earlier, there are some policies and programs
already in the existing Comp Plan that seem very relevant and could lead to
the discussions we have here.        Getting coordination with the other
committee and working through with them in a series of meetings is what
we're talking about in the Comprehensive Plan Update. That's great.

Mayor Holman: We have on the floor a motion by Council Member Burt,
seconded by Council Member Kniss that through the Comprehensive Plan
Update that we explore opportunities to institute overlays and/or alternative
neighborhood protections that promote neighborhood quality. Vote on the
board please. That passes unanimously on 8-0 vote with Council Member
DuBois absent.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Kniss: City Manager Keene, this one is for you. I have my
wish list while we're on break. When I come back, the lights at Town and
Country Village will be miraculously fixed. Number 2, there will be no left
turns during high traffic hours on both Hawthorne and Everett, which is not
dissimilar from the direction on Alma where you're told not to turn onto
either Everett or Hawthorne, I think it's Everett, from 3:00 to 6:00.

Mayor Holman: You're talking about from Middlefield Road, correct?

Council Member Kniss: Off of Alma. You come off Alma, and it says don't
turn on, I think it's Everett, between 3:00 and 6:00.

Mayor Holman: Were you not asking for those to be added on Middlefield?
Was that what the intention was?

Council Member Kniss: I'm asking for the ones to be added on Middlefield.
They exist on Alma.

Mayor Holman: That's what I was trying to clarify.

                                                                        Page 66 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
