                          TRANSCRIPT
even put out a proposal to the public to get property owners to come
forward with their ideas of where it might be and what it might look like.
We'd have sort of a different version of something that we've referred to
here as a beauty contest. That way it's not so one-on-one transactional.
It's much more transparent. Proposals, when they come forward, should be
conceptual, not full-blown, 30-page sets of drawings that we get a lot of
times. That applies not to just PCs. I just really want us to identify that the
issues that we have been addressing and been complaining about are not
just intrinsic to PCs. PCs can deliver some good things, if we just let them
and form the proper management around them as well as other planning
items. I think I will stop there, except I have one question for Staff. The
Ordinance actually that's in front of us has actually two different parts to it.
One of them is the Planned Community (PC) District regulations. There's
another section that's 18.79, Development Project Preliminary Review
Procedures. I'm wondering if you're looking actually for two different
motions as opposed to those run together, because the second one is
something much broader than just PCs.

Mr. Lait: That's correct. If the Council found that the section dealing with
Chapter 18.79 was worth moving forward, you could certainly make a
motion to advance that portion of it and continue the dialog as you see fit for
the other part.

Mayor Holman: If there were just some aspects of 18.79 that we thought
should be implemented anon, we could just move that portion of it and not
in its entirety.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, you're quick on the draw this
evening. You had also mentioned that you wanted to make the motion on
this item.

Council Member Berman: After listening to everyone's very thoughtful
comments, I've decided I'm not the best driver of this bus. I'm going to go
ahead and hold off for now.

Council Member DuBois: I'll make a motion and we'll see where it goes. I
would direct Staff to come back with an Ordinance that removes the PC zone
for all applications that aren't already approved and retains the provisions
for existing PC zones.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second that.

Mayor Holman: What was the second part of that?
                                                                          Page 68 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
