                          TRANSCRIPT
path to sustainability. This is the most prestigious annual award presented
by Acterra. I wanted to acknowledge also we probably had about 12 to 14
Staff people from different departments in attendance at that meeting.
Lastly today we're deeply saddened to learn that one of our long-serving
City employees and team members, Ewing Bettles, passed away suddenly.
Ewing was a member of our Information Technology Department, an
exceptional City team player and who, for 17 years, was instrumental in
both designing and implementing many of the technologies we use at the
City today. He worked with every department visibly or behind the scenes
and was universally liked by everyone who was fortunate enough to know
him. We'll be sharing details on arrangements with the family. That's all I
have to report.

Mayor Holman: Our condolences go out to Ewing Bettles' family and friends.

Oral Communications

Terry Godfrey: Good evening. My name is Terry Godfrey. I live on Oxford
Avenue. Let me say first thank you for the work you do. I appreciate the
time you spend at this. I know the decisions you make are difficult, and you
give them a lot of consideration. I'm here on behalf of the current School
Board and many former School Board Members. I'm here to speak in
support of Buena Vista. Like you, we've been concerned about the proposed
closure of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park, concerned about the eviction of
the 400 residents and the loss to the community of a scarce source of
affordable housing.     Recent actions, however, provide cause for some
optimism. We're encouraged by the potential for collaboration between the
City of Palo Alto, the County of Santa Clara and a qualified nonprofit known
as Caritas. The understanding that a market rate offer could be pulled
together using affordable housing funds set aside by the City and the County
in combination with the issuance of a tax-exempt revenue bond make
keeping Buena Vista open as a mobile home park and permanent source of
affordable housing a real possibility. As current and former Members of the
Palo Alto Unified School District Board, we understand that there are always
more needs than there are resources. Still we feel like this opportunity is
too important to let it pass without taking every reasonable step to prevent
the closure. Based on our years of service, we know preserving Palo Alto's
economic diversity is a value shared by both the Council and the community.
As development pressure increases, it only becomes more difficult to find
suitable sites for affordable housing projects. If the park closes and its
residents are forced to relocate, Palo Alto will not only be poorer for the loss
of those 400 residents, but finding a way to replace close to 120 housing
units will pose a daunting challenge for years to come. The most practical
solution in our eyes is simply to preserve the units in place at Buena Vista.
                                                                         Page 26 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
