                          TRASNCRIPT
quantitative framework in the introduction to a Comprehensive Plan. There's
no question that the EIR will live on as a companion to the Plan, and we can
reference it in some way within the Plan.

Council Member DuBois: For both those things, just to be clear. I'm not
proposing that framework. I'm proposing that Staff would go away and
come back with one. I think we would need to discuss it. The same thing
with this model. Again, something kind of high level, that maybe we look at
annually that's—not that we're doing a Draft EIR every year. It's kind of a
different, higher level thing.

Ms. Gitelman: For the Mayor, if I could ask another question. Do you think
it could be something that would be incorporated into this implementation
chapter at the end, where we outline all of the implementation programs and
attempt to prioritize those? If we use that as a platform for performance
measures and quantitative measures that grow out of the analysis, I think it
might be a good nexus.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, that sounds ...

Mayor Holman I don't see other Council Member lights going on. I have a
question pertaining to this. The hierarchy. Something that's always been of
interest to me is not only existing conditions, but a comparison of existing
conditions to where we were at the adoption of the last Comprehensive Plan.
I think that is an informative and critical, necessary piece of information,
data set actually, because it can tell us what we've done well, what we've
not done so well in terms of anticipating what the impacts are going to be.
That will inform the existing conditions. How did we get to the existing
conditions? If we're looking at this in terms of an upside down triangle,
there's a layer above this. If Staff could comment on that, I'd really
appreciate it. In terms of what the EIR is going to analyze and how we're
going to come to evaluating how we got where we are now; in other words,
how we got to what our existing conditions are.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. It's a very good question. We
don't typically in an environmental analysis go back in time. We start from
an existing baseline. It's just the way the law has been written and practice
has evolved. I think there is an opportunity within each element of the
Comprehensive Plan itself. There's a narrative section that introduces each
element, that explains the vision and acts as an introduction to the goals,
policies and programs. I think there's an opportunity in each of those
narrative sections, if the Council desires, to have a little bridge back in time.
We're going to want to, in that section anyway, describe the basis of the
current update in the earlier Plan. I think it would make sense to have

                                                                         Page 93 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
