                          TRANSCRIPT
somebody takes it. What we're approving in Phase 1 is that we've got great
relief for part of the neighborhood and no relief for the other part. That is
really where we're going to do. We're going to have to go into a period of
continuous improvement in Phase 2 to see how it really shakes out. I could
cite any number of accomplishments that Jessica Sullivan and Sue-Ellen
have done; I just want to pick out one of them. I don't know how they did
it, but they broke the cycle of leaving the garages with a huge amount of
empty parking spaces. I can't imagine what that must have been like, to
wrestle that pig to the ground. They really have done a marvelous job of
getting valet parking starting and filling up the garages that have been
chronically empty. Almost—I'm not going to say that. Neglectfully the City
Council had not been able to address it with Staff until now; it was
addressed several months ago. Here's the irony, the second irony of
tonight. Downtown North is a good illustration of it. Phase 2 is scheduled to
begin 107 calendar days from now. We've got holidays; we've got all kinds
of dead time in there. I didn't even bother to count up how many true
working days Staff has got, but it is not many, to work out the details. I
implore you to please give them the resources to hit that date. The irony of
it is the start date is April Fool's Day. Let me tell you. I don't know where
we residents will come in the titter-totter of power here, but I don't think
many residents can be very happy if we prove to be fooled on April Fool's
Day. I couldn't pick a better date for starting. I didn't pick it. Let me shift
from Downtown North. That's the best, quick description I can tell you of
the problem. I think it really can be done. I think so much work has been
done by both the residents, the stakeholders. The ball is on the tee, and it's
really up to the five of you to hit the ball down the fairway. The fairway is
really narrow; it's 107 calendar days. Let me shift now from Downtown
North to not the other neighborhoods in the permit district, but all
neighborhoods in Palo Alto. What we have in University Avenue is a problem
across all neighborhoods. If you don't show that you can address the
problem that has been so clearly put on the table for the last 10 years, I'm
so tired of clipping newspaper articles and sending it to you. I left my little
tin can of kicking the can down the road, but I pulled out the Palo Alto
Weekly editorial back when that kicking the can down the road. I hope I
don't have to bring it back on April 1st. The bigger issue is not Downtown
North; it's not University South; it's not Professorville; it's not Crescent Park.
Actually what it really is is Old Palo Alto. What's interesting out of the
beautiful mapping that the Staff has done, they actually left off one of the
most vulnerable corners of the permit district. That's part of Old Palo Alto.
It's the corner between Embarcadero, Alma and Kellogg. It is in minutes,
just a few hundred feet, of the permit district. One of the things that
probably needs to be adjusted, just to illustrate the fact it hit so many other
neighborhoods, is that funny little corner. The triangle really represents all
the other neighborhoods in Palo Alto. Let me close on that. I generally like
                                                                          Page 36 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
