                         TRANSCRIPT
pleasure to approach our infrastructure in this manner. Just a couple of
quick questions. I noted Monday night we talked about a new hotel. Is the
new hotel included in the financing or how is it included?

Mr. Perez: It is not in our numbers that we gave you. That's a good segue
to answer your question on that. The focus that we are giving you today is
on the Council policy and direction on the new hotels that were new at the
time, that we knew of at the time, and the two percent. Since then,
obviously we have data. We also have Airbnb that is new, that we did not
know about at that time. It's something that we'll embed as these projects
move forward through the process. We'll work on estimates. Obviously
that's a Council policy item that you could give direction on, how could those
be dedicated.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. I guess I would like to refer to the long-
term financial forecast, which will be coming next week and note that our
current forecast identifies a long-term funding availability of about 2.5
percent per year for all current compensation for employees, which in a
competitive environment is tough. It has a 2.6 percent long-term growth
rate for cost of outside services. I do note that a lot of our infrastructure
funding does not go to internal Staff. It's probably a fairly small piece. It
would be very helpful when we got our numbers next week to either have as
part of the formal process or part of the informal process what part of our
revenue stream is dedicated to infrastructure, so that we can look at the
remainder available for dealing with these other issues.

Mr. Perez: In the report you'll get tomorrow, it's listed that way. It's split
out. You'll see transient occupancy tax infrastructure. It'll be a separate
line item.

James Keene, City Manager: Please don't expect that quick of a response to
all questions that you ask.

Vice Mayor Schmid: This is part of the new ...

Mayor Holman: That was fast. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I haven't been on the Finance Committee, and I'm
not that familiar with financing public works, so I might ask some dumb
questions. I'm glad to see we had this keep-up budget. I could see several
methods for kind of prioritizing that work.      You could rotate among
infrastructure. You could go with things that get used the most. What
method do we use to figure out how to spend that catch-up maintenance
budget?

                                                                        Page 12 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
