                          TRANSCRIPT
terms of the density bonus. There's certain threshold findings. I've asked
myself, "Have they met the threshold findings?" We hired Kaiser Marston;
Kaiser Marston says they need this. It's hard to come up with our ideas and
say it doesn't meet it because we're looking at this or we're looking at that.
It's fairly straightforward when our consultant comes forward and says, "Yes,
they've met that." For meeting the threshold findings, they've done that. If
we're unable to make the findings, we may only deny the concession for a
bunch of other issues, which I'm not sure we could do that either. It seems
to me they've got the State density bonus project issues. We get to some of
the other issues, which would be traffic. Vice Mayor Schmid made excellent
points about traffic. It's a very frustrating issue for us in terms of traffic.
Unless we're going to deny all projects and not use the VTA model and say
we're going to have a moratorium until we get a new traffic model, I'm not
sure we can say this project is different than any other project in terms of
traffic. I don't find that as compelling as when we've done a traffic study
that says, even though a traffic study may not be the model we'd like to use.
In fact it may not be the model that the State's moving towards. I'm having
a hard time saying we should deny the project on that. The parking
reduction, I would much prefer that we had the 106 parking spaces. What
I'm gathering from this is the fact that we have a TDM in place on this, that
we will have less trips and hopefully less required parking. Therefore, it'll
deal with both traffic and parking in a positive way. I'm persuaded on the
parking. We recently made the same decision when the Park Boulevard
project came to us. We did that. It would be inappropriate to do that. I'll
deal with the DEEs. No one's talked about those yet. The DEEs are
interesting here. Me and Mayor Holman wrote a colleague's memo to push
back the sidewalks. It's a better project with that. In fact, my recollection
is we've asked Staff to come back on the issue of pushing stuff back from
the sidewalk. That makes it an extraordinary situation, where Council has
given direction to Staff to go ahead and figure out how to push things back
off the sidewalk. We're stuck with a Code that we don't like and don't
support, since we've given opposite direction.         It is an extraordinary
circumstance when you have Council giving direction to do that. I would
grant that DEE. I'm going to ask a question on the second DEE. The way I
read the Staff Report is that if we grant the first DEE, which is push it back,
we need to grant the second DEE, otherwise you couldn't park it. It's
pushing the building back.        That almost makes it an exceptional or
extraordinary circumstance for the second DEE, because it's forced by the
first DEE which Council has given direction that they support. This is very
different than when we looked at the Park Boulevard one on the DEEs. I'm
going to support that. We also want to have street trees. We have a strong
policy in Palo Alto to have street trees. If we don't do this, we can't have
the street trees. At least, that's what I read from the Staff Report. Is that
correct, Director Gitelman, that we need to have street trees? I can't vote
                                                                       Page 134 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
