                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I'm not sure if he's still here. Earlier I
saw a member of our Historic Resources Board in the audience. I was
hoping he might weigh in if he had additional comments. I just wanted to
give him a chance to add any other color if he had any, but it looks like he's
... I see we do. We do have a member of the Historic Resources Board
here. I don't know if Board Member Bunnenberg would be interested in
sharing any additional comments about the project. Just wanted to offer
that opportunity, if that's allowable.

Mayor Holman:     It's allowable, but given Staff's comments about the
purview of the HRB on this one ...

Beth Bunnenberg, Historic Resources Board Member: It's very, very hard to
hear you tonight. I'm not sure what—maybe my ears are stopped up from
flying. Can you repeat the question?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. I just wanted to invite any members of the
HRB to offer any additional comments or thoughts about the project beyond
what we've already heard, if there's anything to add.

Ms. Bunnenberg: That's the building at the corner of University and Kipling?

Council Member Wolbach: Correct.

Ms. Bunnenberg: There were several comments. I found the historic
structures report defective because it did not pay attention to the fact that
this building adjoins a number of small but treasured Birge Clarke buildings.
There's the little one to the left of it which is either one story or one story
with a mezzanine. It has a very unique façade but is small. Across the
street you have that grouping of buildings that are near the Varsity Theatre.
Again, they are small buildings. The part of the thing that makes University
Avenue unique, our Downtown doesn't look like every other downtown
around. I felt and the rest of the Board also felt that the building was out of
scale to these adjoining buildings and also the historic buildings down
Kipling. It appears to me that that defective information went to the ARB as
well. Other questions?

Council Member Wolbach: I would actually just offer the same invitation to
Board Member Bernstein, if there's anything else to this conversation that
you'd like to add that hasn't already been mentioned this evening during
Oral Comments. I would love to hear from your perspective as well. Thank
you very much, Board Member Bunnenberg.

                                                                           Page 23 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
