                             MINUTES
Committee could ask questions at the Policy and Services Committee
meeting.

Mr. Keene presumed only 20 percent of the Council's work concerned due
process. Perhaps Staff could implement a method to clearly distinguish
legislative and due process items on the Agenda. The City Attorney was
focusing on specific circumstances that could be problematic if the Council
did not follow procedures.

Ms. Stump concurred with 20 percent of the Council's work falling under due
process. People brought their life experiences, general knowledge, and
intelligence to bear on a record before them. Her comments reflected a new
Council and Commission approach to research or data development.

Council Member Burt commented that the Council was not restricted from
presenting new information, but that information needed to be provided in
advance to parties, the public, and decision makers.

Ms. Stump agreed. As a policy matter, strong interests were served by
ensuring information was provided to parties, the public, and decision
makers. Legally, only people who had property interests at stake were
entitled to that information.

Council Member Burt requested his Colleagues express their interest in the
Policy and Services Committee discussing recommendations for similar
circumstances in a legislative hearing. Procedures were binding; protocols
were agreed upon practices.

Ms. Stump did not find a bright line between procedures and protocols when
reading the document. The Council adopted the Procedures and Protocols
document to guide its behavior.        The document sometimes required
interpretation. The document was a set of guidelines that the Council had to
interpret and apply to itself.

Council Member Burt questioned whether the Policy and Services Committee
should explore a recommended practice for Council Members to share
substantive materials relevant to a legislative discussion.

Mayor Holman felt the Policy and Services Committee should discuss that. If
a body of evidence had been discovered, it should be disclosed.

Council Member DuBois suggested a Council Member using his personal
experience rather than information could be tricky.

Council Member Kniss remarked that the chances of being sued were good if
the Council did not follow due process. Information from a quasi-judicial
proceeding could be presented in a court of law.

02/17/2015                                                          116- 485
