                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I met with two of the architects for the applicant.
I didn't learn anything that's not in the public record.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I met with Levinsky and Summa and discussed what
they brought up on the economic analysis.

Council Member DuBois: I also met with Levinsky and Summa, and they
went over the letter that they had sent in to Council.

Council Member Filseth: I met with Levinsky and Summa. I got a copy of
the letter they sent to Council.

Mayor Holman: I had a phone conversation with John Northway, the
architect. He described what was in the Staff Report and the revised
proposal. I also had a conversation with Jeff Levinsky, Doria Summa and
along the way a couple of other members of the public whose names I don't
recall.

Council Member Kniss: To start with the obvious one. Why don't you say a
little more about the State law and its impact on this project? Just to
refresh us. Maybe you could talk about where it's been done elsewhere and
have people voted against it, have they been sued. What's the background?

Ms. Gitelman: Why don't I start, and then I'll let the City Attorney clean up
after me. We've tried to address this a little bit in the Staff Report. I don't
think there's a lot of history with the Density Bonus Law. It's not something
that any of us are comfortable having the State mandate when we have to
approve densities that are not consistent with our zoning and not consistent
with our Comprehensive Plan, as we point out in the Staff Report. The law is
the way the law is. To comply with the law, we had to adopt a local
ordinance in Palo Alto to implement the law. That's where this provision
came from, the menu concessions versus the off-menu concessions. These
were off-menu concessions, so a pro forma and economic analysis was
required, which is a large part of the conversation that we had with the
Council previously and again this evening.          In the Staff Report, we
summarize the threshold of findings that are required when approving
density bonus concessions. At the bottom of packet page 948, we identify
the very specific findings that would be required if the Council wished to
deny the concessions. In our view, we don't see how you would make these
findings. We're happy to hear from Council if there are ideas or thoughts
that we haven't thought of. I'll turn it over to Council.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney. The one piece of information that I would add to that is that
there have been very few cases that have interpreted the State Density
                                                                       Page 121 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
