                          TRANSCRIPT
to make sure that they don't then come back and say here's 900 million for
grade seps and 200 million for the rest of Caltrain funding or something like
that. It's something that we've talked—up until this point, we've been
talking about Caltrain funding should be commensurate with BART funding.
Do we still want to have that in here or just kind of make a policy statement
on grade seps only and not other things?

Mayor Holman: I think it's likely a good clarification.         I also see City
Manager's got his light on.

Mr. Keene: I was just going to say your earlier directive tonight asked you
to reconstitute the Rail Committee. I'm assuming we're going to have a Rail
Committee meeting pretty soon. There are a bunch of these kinds of issues
that might be best taken up at that point in time. We might have already
had a preliminary meeting with Caltrain ourselves. Just up to you.

Mayor Holman: I think Council Member Berman—I don't disagree with City
Manager, but I think Council Member Berman, your point is a good one to
make this discrete and in addition to. If you wanted to add that.

Council Member Scharff: I probably wouldn't accept it, just to be clear. I
think the reason is that other people are going to be going—I mean,
Caltrain's going to be fighting for their 700 million no matter what. We don't
need to put that in there. Other people will fight that battle. It'll dilute what
we're doing, and we'll gain nothing from it. No one's going to come back
and say Caltrain gets 200 million and we do 750 million for grade seps.
That's not going to happen. I don't think us putting it in there is going to
make it any better and less likely to happen. I think we should focus on
this, keep the focus on grade separations, and it'll be the most powerful
thing we can do.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, you still have the floor. What is
your thinking?

Council Member Berman: That it's just been pulled out from under me.

Mayor Holman: I would second.

Council Member Berman: I don't know, to be honest. That's kind of why I
brought it up the way I did. I'll leave my comment as a comment, and see if
other folks want to take it up.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, I will put you in line here. You can
come back to that. Council Member Wolbach.


                                                                           Page 62 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
