                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I think I saw something that said you can't have
more than, the 25 percent thing suspended.

Mayor Holman: I think it's not that, Council Member Scharff. I think it's
things like ground floor cafes and cafeterias that are intended only for the
employees of a specific business, that are not open to the public.

Council Member Scharff: Oh, is that what you're talking about?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Council Member Scharff: You're talking about that if you couldn't have, for
instance, a café that's not open to the public.

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. It seems like a loophole in here.

Council Member Scharff: I'll just ask Staff. Could someone do that under
this Ordinance or not? Could you create a food service place? The Palantir
site, that's what you're thinking of, right?

Council Member Filseth: For example.

Council Member Scharff: For example.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure how we would interpret a specific situation, but I
also don't think there's any harm in the introduction to 18.85.101 clarifying
what we mean are public uses. I don't know; I'm looking at Cara.

Council Member Scharff: I assume that's easy enough to draft and still pass
this tonight and have it operational. Yes, then that's fine.

Council Member Wolbach: As seconder, I would be fine with that change as
well.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of the Motion, “with the
following changes: add to 18.85.101 ‘To qualify as a retail use, the use shall
be open to the public.’”
Council Member Filseth: One of the things that we talk about is the use of
lobbies or reception areas serving non-ground-floor uses like elevator shafts
and staircases and stuff like that. It'd be good to have some language
saying that we're restricting those to the minimum amount practically
needed to serve as access to any new upper floor or lower level uses as
opposed to somebody builds a giant exposed area. I'm not sure exactly how


                                                                         Page 36 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
