                          TRANSCRIPT
    i.       Add a 25-Year Contract Term Option in Addition to the CLEAN
             Program’s Existing 20-Year Contract Term Option; and
    ii.      Continue the program for solar at the cost of 16.5 ¢/kWh for 3
             MW as previously approved by the Council; and
   iii.      Expand the CLEAN Program to allow non-solar eligible renewable
             energy resources to participate, and offer such resources as
             contract price equal to their avoided cost of 9.3 cents per
             kilowatt-hour (¢/kWh) for a 20-year contract, and 9.4 ¢/kWh for
             a 25-year contract term, with a program limit of 3 MW; and
   iv.       Council will review a gradual reduction in the future rates of the
             CLEAN program; Staff will return to the Finance Committee with
             a recommended, graduated rate reduction plan for subsequent
             tranches; and
B.      To direct lease income on City owned garages from the CLEAN
        program to Utilities to offset costs of the program to electric rate
        payers.

Council Member Burt: The intention is that the rate for non-solar energy
participation in the CLEAN Program would be the same rate as for solar,
which would be the 16.5 cents.

Council Member DuBois: Can you explain why? I thought we had a policy
that it was at a lower rate.

Council Member Burt: Oh, no, we didn't have such a policy. That was a
misrepresentation in my mind. The Waste to Energy Program, we actually
had a discussion at the Finance Committee on whether it should be at the
same rate as the solar. Utilities Staff at that time said they were not
determining whether it should be. They just wanted to put a floor on the
pricing there. It could be considered for inclusion at the time when and if we
had such a project. I remember that pretty clearly. There was never any
such policy decision to set a lower price for the non-solar. It was simply that
Staff as a placeholder put a floor price in.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt has made his motion. Council Member
DuBois has seconded that motion. With the clarification, do you hold your
second?

Council Member DuBois: Would you include the 3 megawatts at one-year in
1c as well? If we have a graduated rate, it graduates at the same pace.

Council Member Burt: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Then I'll second that.

                                                                         Page 43 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
