                          TRANSCRIPT
goes to page 20—it lists the suggestions from Staff about the future of
advocacy. I had a tweak I wanted to make on one of those, but I wanted to
check are we using those criteria, those principles in our communication. If
I had a qualm with one of them, should I ignore it because they're not being
used anymore anyway? This is bottom of page 19, top of page 20.

Mr. Shikada: I think at this point, the discussions that Staff has had with
VTA have attempted to reflect these general principles. At the same time,
VTA's really simply trying to flesh out interests. It really hasn't gotten to the
point of these being directly, I'll say, operational in terms of our advocacy.

Council Member Wolbach: There's one at the start of page 20 that I wanted
to identify. Where it says any roadway expansion should prioritize high
occupancy vehicle or HOV lanes, I would suggest that as a City we adopt
something similar to that, which is any roadway expansion should prioritize
HOV lanes but even that only as a second choice to single occupancy vehicle
trip reduction measures such as transportation demand management. I
think we should be clear that if there has to be a roadway expansion, it
should focus on HOV lanes. Roadway expansion is not our first priority
particularly with roads in Palo Alto, such as Page Mill Road. Our priority as a
City, and it seems very clear Stanford's priority as well, is not to spend a lot
of money on roadway widening in advance of doing TDM. Perhaps we invest
significantly in TDM, and then if we also needed to look at roadway
expansions, we can do that. This does not relate to—you know what I'm
talking about here—does not relate to improving intersections or things like
that. I think that we should be clear about that. When we had the County
here, they seemed pretty clear to me that they thought they had one tool in
their toolbox, and that was widening roads. I think it's important that we
send a message that we expect that transportation planning in Santa Clara
County will be more sophisticated than to look at every problem as a nail
just because we only have a hammer in our hands. Another thing I wanted
to mention on this. There was some discussion earlier, I think, from the
public about how we make sure that if there's a pot money in the VTA sales
tax measure for grade separations, how do we make sure that that is
equitable, that we can have access to that in Palo Alto, that we don't miss
out on that. I think it is important that they don't just allocate that money
based on who has their projects ready to go the day after election day or on
January 1st following the election. There should be perhaps an 18-month or
24-month time period following the passage of the measure before people
could put in their applications. If there are more applications than there's
funding, it should be clear what criteria will be used to prioritize, highlighting
the need and key elements of need being safety and circulation necessities.
Those are a couple of my top priorities for things we should be thinking
about here.
                                                                            Page 42 of 70
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/13/15
