                         TRANSCRIPT
Ordinance explicitly speaks of relocation benefits including the costs of
"purchasing or renting comparable housing" in addition to the loss of equity,
rent differential and moving costs. The City is simply ignoring a major part
of the Ordinance, and we think this is contrary to the law. For purposes of
this hearing, we'll leave this fundamental issue to the side. Here's where
things stand regarding the findings before you tonight. The Council in April
unanimously indicated that it is not in support of Mr. Beccaria's appraisal
methodology or scope. You directed him to modify his scope to include the
value of Palo Alto schools and public safety, using language that he himself
proposed at the close of the hearing. This was the right thing to do. As our
appraisal expert, Jim Brabant, has testified, the superior Palo Alto location
seems to be lost in Mr. Beccaria's process. That was acknowledged by this
Council. It was acknowledged by the public speakers. It's the truth.
Mr. Brabant called the language in your motion, again suggested by
Mr. Beccaria, as a "reasonable request" under the professional standards
that he abides by. Mr. Beccaria now says the language that he suggested
Council include in its motion is a call for him to act unethically, accuses of
illegally pressuring him and threatens to quit. You should take Mr. Beccaria
up on his offer. You've already found his approach fatally flawed. For him
to continue and perform 117 appraisals would be a waste of time and
money.      He didn't give you any reason to change your mind in his
resignation letter. He simply said, "Back off or I quit." Instead of following
through on Council's April 4th direction and its reasonable request to
Mr. Beccaria, Staff has completely removed the instruction for Mr. Beccaria
to revise the scope of his appraisal. You can't approve this. You were right
to require corrections to the appraisal scope and need to follow through to
ensure accurate appraisals and relocation amounts. What's next? You have
our letter. I'm going to go over our view at a high level and address a
couple of additional issues that have come up. This has been a moving
target, so we're doing our best. Here's the roadmap for how Council should
proceed and why. The need for new appraisals is obvious. The City Council
should accept the resignation of Mr. Beccaria and instruct Staff to appoint a
new appraiser via the procedure set out in the Ordinance. This City should
compile a new list of appraisers for the park owner to choose from, produce
a scope of work that explicitly requires the new appraisal to account for the
Palo Alto location including, of course, the value of schools and safety per
your April 14th Motion. After Council hears from this new appraiser, you can
approve or deny the application based on this new information. Then and
only then should the remainder of the process be allowed to go forward. It
cannot go forward tonight. As an alternative, the Staff has proposed a peer
review of Mr. Beccaria's appraisals. The City brought up a peer review back
in 2012, as we pointed out in our letter, but never acted on it. It was right
then and it's right now. As I just said, we think a completely fresh start is

                                                                       Page 11 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/26/15
