                          TRANSCRIPT
The bias out of that funding in committee is toward what they've done in
San Jose now, which is potable water recycling. Now, that doesn't mean
that will end up being the conclusion. What we talked about in our first
meeting is using those funds to study the financial and the technical
alternatives associated with this. We just don't know. I don't know; I may
have my seat of the pants assumptions at this point in time, but that's all it
is. I'm real concerned about this Section 1 in particular. Let me ask
whether either Phil or the City Attorney can weigh in on the impact of that
and what might be alternative language that would more accurately reflect
what was described as the intent.

Ms. Stump: Thank you. Maybe I'll start, and Phil can jump in. One of the
things that is going on here, I think, is that the Staff after the UAC meeting
focused more sharply on what would be required to actually activate the EIR
and create a Final EIR that would be subject to the statute of limitations
starting and then running on any challenge, so that the EIR piece would be
settled. In order to do that, more is needed than merely approving the EIR.
The Council needs to approve the project in some form. It doesn't mean
that the Council needs to make a commitment to fund improvements or to
actually proceed with construction. As you know, EIRs are often approved
for plans that are quite long range and may be subject to lots of
contingencies and, in fact, not get constructed at all or in the form that they
were studied in the EIR. The intent here was to create an actionable EIR
that would then finish that part of the process and then allow the Staff to
focus on pursuing questions and answers to questions about what level of
funding is available, which really is anticipated to have a big impact on
Council's weighing of this option along with a lot of the other options.

Council Member Burt: What I'm going to be looking for in guidance from
Staff, whether from you or other Staff, is what modifications either to the
resolution or to the recommendations that would more accurately reflect
what we've heard as the description of the intent which I suspect is going to
be aligned with the Council's intent, that we don't want to give direction to
go forward at this point in time with pursuing tens of millions of dollars on a
project that may not be the right project for our very important goal of
moving toward water sustainability and expanded recycling. Let me leave
that to let you think about it, because I'm going to want to revisit that in the
motion.

Ms. Stump: Just to clarify, Council Member Burt. You're talking about
modifications to the resolution at Attachment B? Not to the Attachment A on
the EIR, but Attachment B which is the amendment of the Facilities Plan.

                                                                        Page 112 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
