                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

16.   Update to Council on Business Registry and Council Discussion and
      Direction Regarding Phase 2.

Mayor Holman: Does Staff have a presentation please?

Thomas Fehrenbach, Manager of Economic Development: Yes. Thank you,
Madam Mayor and Members of the Council. My name is Tom Fehrenbach.
I'm the Economic Development Manager and Special Projects for the City
Manager's Office. Tonight I'm here to give you an update as far as where
we are with the Business Registry, and then to seek your discussion and
direction regarding various items related to the second phase of the Registry
program. Just a little bit of background. The Council directed us to launch
the Business Registry after some deliberations. We did, in fact launch it in
early March of this year.       We did extensive outreach, many multiple
channels of outreach to the business community and ultimately extended the
grace period for folks to register without penalty to the end of August of this
year.     Currently, we're in the compliance phase, where beginning
September 1st a $25 fee is being assessed to those businesses who did not
comply. Beginning October 1st, an additional $25 fee will be assessed.
After that, in our current configuration, businesses can be subject to a
Municipal Code infraction. We will continue to outreach to folks to try to get
compliance in this Phase 1. In terms of where we are with the data itself,
we did include a preliminary analysis in your packets. We did want to note
that this information as the Business Registry is—it continues to be a
dynamic data set. It's from September 2, so we could get it in your Council
packet in time. I would say it provides an inkling or a glimpse into the types
of data and analyses that can be undertaken with this data set. Clearly the
sky is the limit, and we're asking for some direction from you tonight as far
as what might be most interesting to the Council to see. As noted by
Council Member as well as several members of the public, from the open
data set obviously there are some errors in the data set which were
expected. This data is based on self-reported information. Some companies
we know of did in fact register more than once. There are some errant
entries that need to be addressed. In terms of where we are as far as
yesterday, we have about 73 percent registered; that's just a little over
2,275. The businesses subject to the Registry, again, continues to be a
refinement. It's going to be a dynamic number as the business community
itself is very dynamic. I would say we are very close to a pretty small
margin of error as we've gone through not only several data sources calling
for those businesses that are subject to the Registry ultimately culminating
in a physical survey of the entire City and all of the business districts as well
as the many, many hundreds of calls, emails and in-person visits we've had
                                                                         Page 10 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
