                           TRASNCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. I think to some extent, this is
going to be up to the members of the CAC. Our recommendation to them, I
think, is going to be that the Chair and Co-Chair appoint subcommittees
based on people volunteering for those that they'd like to participate in.
That we try to limit the number to no more than one per element. Maybe
not all the elements will need subcommittees. All of this is up to the CAC to
tell us how they want to organize this. Our thought was that the CAC would
want to have their brainstorming meeting on each element to kind of flush
out the issues, and then they would want to develop a very specific charter
for the subcommittee and a deadline for the subcommittee so the
subcommittee knows exactly what they've been asked to do for the
Committee as a whole. That's a discussion we'll have with the CAC on
September 8th.      Any other thoughts you have, we'd be happy to
communicate.

Mayor Holman: Just for clarity, the subcommittee meetings would also be
open to the public?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. The Council directed us to make those open
to the public, so we'll post the meeting schedule and make that known in
advance. We're still working out exactly how we can offer Staff support to
these subcommittees, but we'll figure that out.

Mayor Holman: I appreciate that, and I appreciate the challenge of it as
well. Thank you for bearing with us. It's much appreciated. One last just a
confirmation. Last time, I think, we eliminated anonymous comments,
didn't we? There was some means for people to make comments that were
not attributed to a writer.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the reference is to the digital commenter, so the
online document. That was Council's direction. Subsequent to that meeting,
I had a conversation with the folks who make Open City Hall work. They
understand it far better than I do. I'm going to have to get back to you on
that. I remember what it was. Sometimes it shows up as anonymous when
someone just hasn't filled out all the fields. The work-around that we had
come up with is just that the comment, if it comes in as anonymous, isn't
shared with the public. It comes to Staff only. In some cases, we may be
able to tell that it's just that they didn't fill out all the fields. In some cases,
that might be harder. I don't know how you feel about that, but that's what
I learned subsequent to our discussion at the last meeting. It may not be
that people are anonymous; it may be that they just haven't filled out
everything they need to to be named as a commenter.



                                                                            Page 76 of 127
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 8/31/15
