                            MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to include Technology and the Connected City with a focus on fiber
as a Priority.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member XXX to
include Parks, Trails, Open Space and Recreation Master Plan as a Priority.

Mayor Holman believed the Master Plan would fall under some of the other
topics.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF SECOND

Vice Mayor Schmid requested a clarification of Healthy City/Healthy
Community.

Mayor Holman indicated the Council would discuss Priorities once all were
proposed.

Council Member Filseth asked if finalization of the Comprehensive Plan was
encompassed by one of the topics or was a separate issue.

Mayor Holman reported the Comprehensive Plan would be contained within
the Built Environment: Multimodal Transportation, Parking and Livability.

Council Member Burt suggested Colleagues refer a Priority to the Policy and
Services Committee to provide additional context for the Priority, if
colleagues felt additional information was necessary. Each Priority could
have a whole sentence or a paragraph to further explain the intent of the
Priority.

Mayor Holman did not support referring Priorities to the Policy and Services
Committee for clarification.

Council Member DuBois noted the Comprehensive Plan contained more
elements than just land use and transportation. In the work plan, the
Comprehensive Plan was its own category.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to include Revise the Process and Complete the Comprehensive Plan
as a Priority.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reminded the Council that completion of the
Comprehensive Plan required an environmental review, which probably was
not feasible in 2015.


                                                                      Page 12 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
