                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Was it being a retail-supportive space?

Mayor Holman: It was retail support space.

Council Member Scharff: Does Staff have any thoughts on this? Any
knowledge of what people are using mezzanines for and how that's going.

Ms. Gitelman: We've looked at this in some depth, and there isn't good
data, because we don't capture in our permit tracking system the conversion
of spaces by floor. We haven't been able to piece that together.

Council Member Scharff: I think you're right. I think I would just oppose it.
The argument that I would make is that if we're going to redevelop a space,
it really affects your second floor to force people to keep retail on a
mezzanine when ground-floor retail, you don't want second-story space to
be locked in that way. Whereas, a basement is a completely different issue.
I don't view that basement as …

Council Member Burt: Given the hour and I had already said that I would be
willing to delete the mezzanine portion, I don't think we need to go into a
debate on it.

Mayor Holman: With the Amendment amended to delete mezzanine space,
that Amendment is accepted by the maker and ...

Council Member Wolbach: As seconder, I accept it.

Mayor Holman: ...the seconder as well. That is incorporated into the main
Motion.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “add to Municipal Code Section 18.85.102, prohibit the elimination of
basement space currently in retail use or in retail supporting use to be
converted to another use.”
Mayor Holman: Are there any other Amendments? We have not gone back
to look at the pipeline. I think that would probably be our last thing.
Pipeline projects.

Council Member Scharff: I'll accept that.

Mayor Holman: You'll accept which?

Council Member Wolbach: I'll accept it as well.


                                                                        Page 57 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/11/15
