                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:        I thought some of the Staff Report suggested
Safety and Noise.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we thought about that for a while, but our more
recent thinking is just Safety as a standalone.

Council Member DuBois: That's for that clarification. I'll support the Motion.
When we do the elements one at a time, I'd like to come back and talk
about the Safety Element.

Mayor Holman: Absolutely. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:       The same exact comments as Council Member
DuBois.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, to the Motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a clarification. I guess in Safety they start talking
about natural hazards, which are floods and things like this, that also could
be part of the Natural Environment. I guess let's make a clear distinction of
what we're including in Safety and not in Natural Environment.

Mr. Dennis: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. In the recommendation—some
of the suggestions that we have within the Staff Report is the inclusion not
only of public safety features but some of the elements that you're just
discussing around climate change and some of that natural disaster type of
things that we think would make sense in one element.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Including climate change impacts on the safety side.

Mayor Holman: One thing I probably should have brought up in making the
Motion is we don't talk about—at least I don't remember reading it in the
Safety is any kind of attack.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman, for that question. One of the real
advantages of taking a fresh look at the Safety Element is we're going to
have an opportunity to update it. We, in fact, are now required to update it
to reference our local hazard mitigation plan. I think the City and the region
have done a lot of planning around all of the threats we potentially face in
the future. We'll have an opportunity to bring that into this element.

Mayor Holman: That is the Staff's intention?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.


                                                                        Page 36 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
