                          TRANSCRIPT

a group, Council Member Kniss and the stakeholders too, not that the City is
going to do all of this. The City is going to set example and partner with
members of the community to do some of these things. The City can't do it
all. This isn't setting a framework for "the City does a lot, and what else can
we do, and how much more can we do, and we're going to do it all." That's
just simply not possible. This is, again, setting an example, setting a
framework. The other thing is just like our Urban Forest Master Plan, just
like our Parks Master Plan, personally I see this as being something that
would travel along with the Comprehensive Plan, because there's things in
this Resolution that do refer to things that I would think we would want to
put in the Comprehensive Plan. Something that, I think, merits stating is
while the League of Cities has its own Healthy City—what do you call it? Not
Proclamation, but the other one, the Healthy City program. The City of Palo
Alto actually—because we're a leader in so many things, they're actually
looking to us to lead and thinking that we can actually refine on what they're
doing and provide even better example for them. They're looking to us to
see how we go here. Council Member Kniss, did you have any comments to
make about the process? Then, John Kelley who was on the stakeholder
group is here to also speak to us.

Council Member Kniss: Do you want to have John speak first? If not, I'll
jump in.

Mayor Holman: Why don't you go ahead, and then we'll go to John.

Council Member Kniss: I think first and foremost we came from a very
different operative level. Healthy Cities and Healthy Communities not only
exists at the League level, but it exists in many different cities. Some of the
Resolutions are here. Beyond that, I felt comfortable with this. We're not
setting a precedent. Many other cities have done this; they've done it
across the country. One of the things we did throughout this is acknowledge
that we are already a pretty healthy and pretty fortunate City. Many cities
struggle to have fresh food available, to have a farmers market, to have
something like that, that actually allows easy access to food like that. San
Jose has worked hard to make that happen, to have those food markets
close by. We have easy physical exercise. It's not going to snow here this
winter. We hope it'll rain. We don't have snow; we're not running on ice.
We have really a very conducive atmosphere. Beyond that, we have a very
supportive community, and we have a community that's evolved a lot since
the '70s when people thought that runners were rather a peculiar type and
why would you do that anyway. Our biking has increased. Any number of
things that we looked at indicate that we are a healthy community. I think
                                                                         Page 62 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
