                          TRANSCRIPT

we get them out now and you say, "This is sort of a draft. Let's sleep on
them and we'll come back and we're going to have the transportation
discussion." You're getting it out. This is something we ought to have a
unanimous vote of the Council on. I'm not sure everybody is quite there yet
on it anyway. As much as anything you're trying to really finely tune your
message back to VTA and folks about this. I just think is there a way to do
the first part and then adopt these as a first draft and then ...

Council Member Burt: If this is real contentious on this final thing, I'd be
fine to defer it. If it's not, and I suspect it probably won't be, then we could
put it in there as a framing with an understanding that we're going to put
more meat on this later.

Mr. Keene: We have to revisit it and nest it within the whole setup, guiding
principles.

Council Member Burt: Let me ask the maker and the seconder whether
adding that framing is an acceptable amendment.

Council Member Wolbach:       I'm just worried that it's too prescriptive.          If
there's a way to ...

Council Member Burt;      I don't think it's very prescriptive.   I think it's a
principal.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm worried that proportional will be looked to be
strictly quantitative, and that that will discourage support for this.

Council Member Burt: I don't know how else you'd say it.

Council Member Wolbach: That's why I'm struggling with myself.

Council Member Burt:       I think proportional, it's not saying—it's a
proportional factor. I mean it's not saying that it has to be a strict formula.
Tom was pointing out to me that it's actually there are some programs or—
what do they call them? Evaluation criteria ...

Council Member DuBois: Criteria.

Council Member Burt: ... that actually are somewhat consistent with this.
They seem to be moving in that direction.

Council Member DuBois: My concern is the other direction in that ...

                                                                         Page 99 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
