                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, speaking to your second.

Council Member Scharff: I support everything Council Member Wolbach
said. I'm also thinking that this is complex in ways that PTC may look at it
in terms of neighborhood-by-neighborhood. It may be a very different
situation to have new ADUs in Downtown North, as it may be in other parts
of the City. That's why I think the Planning and Transportation Commission
should take this up, and they should look at it broadly. Out of a lot of the
things we put in here, which was really important at least to me was
facilitate ADU creation while minimizing impacts on community character
with sensitivity to neighborhood design standards. There's a whole range of
things that the PTC can look at. I didn't want to tie their hands and look at
it by saying, "I think you should do this, this and this." I wanted everyone
to know—at least my thought was we do this in a way that has minimal to
no impacts on the community. Then it's a good thing. Every housing unit
we have counts towards our ABAG numbers. I think everyone should keep
that in mind. I think that's a really good thing. When I look at what ADUs
actually do provide in the community, it often is younger members of the
community renting or I've noticed it's single mothers. I've noticed it's
teachers; I've noticed it's all sorts of people that want a slightly lower rent
or a substantially lower rent or it's, frankly, kids coming home and having a
place to stay while they're trying to work here and get their career started
and that kind of stuff. It is also elderly parents and other things. I think
there's a range of people that this type of housing provides that we don't
have another spot for. I'd strongly urge us to move in this direction.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, would you care to speak now?

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. I'm going to propose an amendment
here. I'd like to propose it as friendly; I suspect it will not be. I want to
propose that we proceed with the motion as made by Council Member
Wolbach with one exception which is rather than send it to PTC, we send it
to Policy and Services instead.

Mayor Holman: Can I ask a clarifying question here? It's consistent with, I
think, what Council Member Scharff is saying. You could send it to P&S first,
but then it would still procedurally have to go to PTC as well.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. A zoning measure does need to go
through your Planning and Transportation Commission. It could go first to a
Council Committee for further refinement and development before it goes to
Planning.

Council Member Filseth: I propose that it go to P&S first.

                                                                      Page 102 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
