                             MINUTES
Mark Weiss noted ten former music venues in Downtown had ceased
operations. The City would miss many things if office space displaced other
types of culture.

Suzanne Keehn read Joe Hirsh's opinion that the conversation should
concern a moratorium for all new nonresidential development until the
appropriate amount of new development could be determined. Continued
and constant development was incrementally destroying the Bay area.
Traffic management should be implemented.

Cheryl Lilienstein shared an analogy of lions as high-density advocates on
the savanna of Palo Alto. High-density development should pause until
measurements could be instituted to balance the ecosystem.

Ian Irwin favored a moratorium.         Commercial office development had
decreased the quality of life for Palo Alto residents. The functional width of
sidewalks limited the walkability of the City.

Frank Ingle suggested the Council implement a selection process for
commercial development projects along with a cap. Before accepting new
projects, the Council should require those projects to reduce traffic impacts.

Hamilton Hitchings stated diversity, density, and quality were not addressed
by the traffic and parking programs as an alternative to the zoning cap. The
root cause of parking and traffic problems was increased density and usage.
Mixed-use office/housing projects could share parking. He liked the idea of
a temporary cap on FAR for office space per project.

Bob Moss referenced a Staff Report from 1986 regarding problems of
overdevelopment. He suggested the Council implement a cap on total and
annual growth of office space; require occupants of new office developments
utilize public transit; and require adequate onsite parking.

Omar Chatty felt controlled growth would work in Palo Alto. Without a cap,
High Speed Rail would more easily take over the City's land use through
eminent domain.

Stephanie Munoz supported a cap. If the Council wanted to prevent the loss
of ground-floor retail, it should adopt an Ordinance that stated there shall be
no diminution of ground-floor retail in Palo Alto.

Jeff Levinsky stated arguments opposing a cap were not logical. Large
businesses were locking out smaller, younger, more vibrant companies. To
address the jobs/housing imbalance, the City should cease approving new



03/23/2015                                                              117- 133
