                         TRANSCRIPT
trainings, inspections and audits are rigorous and very effective. I am very
proud to say that we have never had a single injury from the use of our
chemicals under my watch. CPI's plate shop is state of the art. We have
small baths which are covered when they are not in use. Incompatible
chemicals are in separate bath areas. In the extremely rare event that
something spills out of the baths, we have berms in our floors to catch and
contain the spill. We have second and third-level containment mechanisms
to catch solids and liquids. We have exhaust scrubbers in the ceiling to
ensure that nothing leaves the plate shop in vapor form. The scrubbers
have backup generators so they can continue to run during a power outage.
We also have gas monitors and alarms outside the plate shop, on the roof
above the plate shop and on the wall along our property line. These serve
as yet another layer of assurance that nothing harmful has gotten past all of
our other safety measures. As a company, our highest focus is on safety.
The safety of our plate shop operations are overseen and regulated by the
Palo Alto Fire Department and numerous other agencies.              The Fire
Department conducts announced and unannounced inspections on a regular
basis.    In addition to other governing agencies conducting regular
inspections and audits, so do our internal CPI audit teams. These facts and
my own 37 years of experience at CPI give me the confidence to tell you
that CPI's Palo Alto operations are safe and do not pose a risk to my
employees, nor to our neighbors. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming. Dave Daugherty to be followed by
Jennifer Johnson.

Douglas Daugherty, Ramboll Environ Managing Principal: Good evening. My
name is Doug Daugherty; I'm a managing principal with Ramboll Environ, an
environmental safety and health firm. My qualifications were provided to the
City in my declaration. I was retained by CPI since 2012 to review and
evaluate its Palo Alto chemical management and process safety systems and
the level of risk resulting from its use of chemicals. Based on my review,
there is no realistic accidental release scenarios that would impact offsite
locations. Both I and AECOM confirm that no offsite impacts would result
from EPA and State defined worst-case releases as reflected in CPI's last
required Risk Management Plan submission in 2008. AECOM's extreme
scenarios go beyond EPA and State guidance on release scenarios, but they
fail to take into account numerous independent safeguards in place for the
management of chemicals at CPI. For example, in AECOM's extreme nitric
acid delivery scenario mentioned in the Staff Report, it depends on ignoring
actual, existing mechanical defenses, human safeguards and the fact that
CPI prohibits the delivery of nitric acid when temperatures reach 90 degrees
or higher. If these existing risk-reducing management features had been
included, then no offsite impacts would have been predicted. Even AECOM
                                                                          Page 52 of 95
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/16/15
