                     ACTION MINUTES
   2. Apply the prohibition to those retail services operating as of March 2,
      2015 and for which no discretionary application involving a change of
      use has been submitted to the City by March 2, 2015; and

   3. Include within the ordinance an appeal to the City Council in cases of
      financial hardship or showing that the facility is unsuited for successful
      retail use; and

   4. Allow existing retail service facilities to be demolished and rebuilt
      provided that the retail square footage is only reduced by the
      minimum amount needed to provide access to any new upper floors
      and/or lower level parking; and

   5. Retail services that are grandfathered in as legal non-conforming shall
      not be protected or required to remain; and

   6. The Municipal Code’s definition of retail services and the other uses
      cited above shall be continued; and

   7. The ordinance will be effective for an initial 45 days with an option to
      extend if the urgency continues. Staff is also directed to prepare a
      traditional ordinance for consideration by the Planning and
      Transportation Commission and the City Council as a “backstop” to
      extend the interim measures until existing retail protections can be
      reviewed and revised as needed; and

   8. Nothing in the ordinance shall alter requirements of site-specific
      Planned Community zoning ordinances or adopted conditions of
      approval. Also, nothing in the ordinance shall affect the need for a
      conditional use permit for certain allowed uses where such
      requirements currently exist, although use permit requirements and
      affected uses could be adjusted in the permanent ordinance that
      follows.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that conditional uses for ground floor retail areas
are not permitted in retail districts while the interim ordinance is in effect.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete Number 5- Retail services that are
grandfathered in as legal non-conforming shall not be protected or required
to remain in the Motion.
                                                                               Page 5 of 7
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 04/06/2015
