                          TRANSCRIPT
ongoing basis. I don't see anything of this size and scope. I really think
that Parks and Rec needs to look at what should be out there. We as a
Council should look at what's going to be out there. I think we should start
at least that planning process and the stakeholder process. I think our City
Manager or somebody made a good point about—maybe it was Ed—the
stakeholder process in Palo Alto can be challenging. This is the biggest new
park we're going to build in Palo Alto's foreseeable future. I think we should
start that stakeholder process. Go to Parks and Rec, come to Council, give
us some of that. I think the Mayor's absolutely right on that. If I misquoted
you on that, let me know. That's what I took out of that. I'd like to support
that. On the Lucy Evans Interpretive Center, there's two components of
that. There's redoing the actual Interpretive Center itself and fixing that.
Then, there's the pier out there. Correct? The Boardwalk is what I called
the pier, the Boardwalk. You said there was some regulatory agencies. Are
you going to BCDC on that?

Mr. Eggleston: Yes, we are.. Maybe I can speak to that a little. I kind of
answered half your question, Mayor. I talked about the Interpretive Center
but not the Boardwalk. That's the second project we have, the feasibility
study for replacing the Boardwalk. That study is almost complete, and the
conclusion is that yes, it is possible to build a new Boardwalk out there.
Some Staff today actually just met with a number of regulatory agencies in
San Francisco, I believe, including BCDC to talk about this project and get
their initial input in terms of sensitivity of that area and concerns they might
have in the permitting process. That went well.

Council Member Scharff: As a BCDC Commissioner, I can tell you that one
of our primary focuses under the McAteer-Petris Act is to provide public
access. If they were considered—I probably would not approve just doing
the Interpretive Center. I would only approve it if you restored the public
access which has been the thing. I just wanted to let you know that that's
how I would view it and that's how I would vote. I believe that's how the
Commissioners have looked at everything that I've seen come before us.
It's really important to maintain public access. That’s one of the primary
goals of BCDC. I just wanted to disabuse any notion that you really could
not fix that pier or the Boardwalk and do the rest of it.

Mr. Eggleston: If I could just add that I think all of us on Staff are pretty
excited about the opportunity to replace that Boardwalk. We've really just
got to the point of finishing the feasibility study, and we've just been
discussing bringing an item to you early next year to try to provide the
funding to move right away on design for that facility.

Council Member Scharff: I appreciate your efforts on that.

                                                                          Page 30 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
