                            MINUTES
when it provided oversight. Lytton Gardens would be a member of the
general partnership. Under Lytton Gardens' deed of trust, it accepted a
Council Member as a liaison to the Board of Directors. That was the only
continuing relationship between the City and those organizations.

Council Member Filseth believed      it was incumbent upon the Council to
exercise caution. He asked if the   property would remain as affordable low-
income senior housing decades       into the future should the Council and
Stephenson House mutually agree     the $1 million loan was not necessary.

Ms. Silver responded absolutely. Several levels of deed restriction were in
place.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the Council should direct Staff to
clarify in the letter that Stephenson House would remain affordable housing.

Ms. Gitelman understood lenders were interested in the City affirming an
understanding of a permitted use as allowed by the PC Ordinance. The
Council should direct Staff to execute the letter.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to direct Staff to work with the Applicant on the “letter regarding
zoning compliance” to clarify that Stevenson House must remain affordable
senior housing for the change to the specific Planned Community Zoning
Ordinance to remain in effect; and the Council finds that the Stevenson
House property at 455 E. Charleston Road will be in compliance with its
existing zoning under the proposed financing and ownership structure
described in the Staff Report.

Council Member Burt requested clarification as to why the Council did not
amend the PC Ordinance to provide a clear interpretation.

Ms. Silver reported the intent behind the original PC Ordinance for
Stephenson House was to entitle the particular project which included
affordable housing. Staff viewed the Council's action as consistent with the
overall PC Ordinance.       The Council could initiate a Zone Change
Amendment; however, the Applicant initiating an Amendment to the PC
Ordinance would be more appropriate. Staff would need time to engage the
public and present items to the Planning and Transportation Commission and
the Council to enact an Amendment.

Council Member Burt understood the Council's greater discretion because of
the PC Ordinance.



03/09/2015                                                            117- 77
