                         TRANSCRIPT
quickly, probably faster than governments can react. This motion tries to
get to that. We allow the projects in the pipeline to proceed. We have a
little bit more in the cap to start up our Community Solar Program. Then we
come back with a graduated pricing scale that, instead of a hard edge and
an abrupt change to the market, allows us to get there gradually. I see
value in getting experience in running solar in the City. I see value in
diversified sources. I'm not interested in just killing the program. That
abrupt change could do that. Instead of 16 or 10, we should be talking
about the rate of change and how quickly we come to the market price. I'm
just looking at my notes real quick. Hang on one second. Okay, I'm done.

Council Member Scharff: I just want a little bit of clarification. The motion
as written doesn't reflect what I thought I heard Council Member Burt say in
terms of expanding the CLEAN Program to allow non-solar eligible. Right
now it says 9.3 cents per kilowatt hour. Are we at 16.5 on that or are we at
9.3? I don't see anything in there about the anaerobic digester. I assume
we're going to clean that up and put that in there. The other question I
have on this would be the 3 megawatts and the expanding, it's not an
additional 3 megawatts, that's included in the first 3 megawatts, I assume.
I didn't think that was necessarily clear. I assume that what you mean by
that ...

Mayor Holman: Let's make sure there aren't assumptions in the motion.

Council Member DuBois: Are you talking about in "b" or "b" and "c?"

Council Member Scharff: In "c." I'm trying to make sure that it's 3
megawatts total the program, not 6 megawatts now.

Council Member DuBois: I think the initial Staff proposal was 6, 3 and 3.

Mayor Holman: We need to wait for the maker of the motion to be available
to answer intention. Council Member Burt, Council Member Scharff has
three questions to ask you about the intention of the motion.

Council Member Scharff: In Item Number c, is the 9.3 cents per kilowatt
hour correct or were you advocating for 16.5?

Council Member Burt: The 9.3 is the avoided cost, correct?

Council Member Scharff: Correct.

Council Member Burt: That's what we're planning on having for the non-
solar eligible, the anaerobic.


                                                                        Page 45 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/27/15
