                         TRANSCRIPT
program is managed through that department. They've come up with some
solutions and are looking for longer-term solutions as well in terms of that.
That is a comment that we have received. In terms of moving cars, right
now there's 2-hour parking anywhere in the Downtown RPP Zone. There are
no parking restrictions at this time. What would likely come into effect in a
zone, concentric zone, micro zone, however it's arranged, would be no
(inaudible) parking within that zone. That enforcement is fairly standard
and is something that the enforcement contractor would be equipped to do
easily.

Ms. Gitelman: There's maybe one more point that I should raise. I
apologize that we haven't made this clear before. We're talking about
designing Phase 2 of a Program consistent with the Council's direction last
December. Even Phase 2 is part of a trial. We're going to try out whatever
distribution system the Council prefers at this point. Some of these other
aspects of a Phase 2 Program, if we need to make adjustments in the future,
we will. The idea is very adaptive. We would evaluate how this—just as we
have evaluated and are evaluating Phase 1, we would evaluate Phase 2
before coming back to Council to make anything permanent.

Mr. Mello:     I just have two more responses to your questions.          The
concentric rings could feasibly be—the first ring could feasibly be one block.
The second could be two blocks. That would help us deal with the bunching
that seems to be a recurring theme that people are worried that employees
are going to cluster at the block closest to the Downtown core. If we
thought that was an issue, we would strategically design the concentric rings
in a way that the number of permits doesn't allow that clustering to
overwhelm each particular block. There would still be enough availability for
the residents on those blocks. The second point is if we were to look at
some type of ratcheting down of the permits, our goal would be to tie this
closely with the programs that we would be implementing with the TMA. It
wouldn't necessarily be a wholesale reduction in permits without us
continually looking at the performance of the TMA and are we switching
people to alternative modes and are we reducing that number of SOV trips
to Downtown. Then we would see a corresponding reduction in the permits.
I don't think they would happen independent of each other.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I guess I'd like to start off by saying I think we all
have to look at this as striking a series of balances, balances between the
primary objective of preserve neighborhood quality of life by ensuring
adequate parking for residents, quoting from the report. That really was
what we're about here. We have to balance that to make sure that we're

                                                                       Page 54 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
