                         TRANSCRIPT
City. The local boom has also resulted in increases in job growth, traffic and
demand for parking and other City services.           These issues are well
recognized by the City Council as reflected in your Priorities. As best we
best could with the revenues that we had, we tried to align with Council
Priorities and initiatives the investments as I've outlined here. While the
City Council will need to approve an annual Budget for this coming year, we
have to keep in mind the long-term goals of the City and the Council. Work
is still needed with our employee groups to reduce long-term pension and
healthcare liabilities while remaining a competitive employer. The City has
made good progress, and we're in negotiations with our Public Safety unions
and next year with SEIU [Service Employees International Union, Local,
Local 521]. We'll need to focus on that. This Budget has funding to support
some degree of new contracts for those groups. It also includes a $7.6
million revenue receipt from Stanford University anticipating a continuation
of providing fire services to Stanford. As you know, we're in negotiations
with Stanford right now in that regard. As I mentioned to the Committee
the other night, it does not include any additional funding for transitional
support in the Animal Shelter operations. To the extent we go down that
path, that will be something we work through at Finance as we look at it. I
want to thank our Council for your leadership, and our Exec Leadership
Team and our entire Staff who provide outstanding services to our
community. A special thanks to Walter Rossmann, Director of the Office of
Management and Budget, and his team, Christine Paras, Eric Bilimoria,
Michael Bruckner, Paul Harper and Sean O'Shea, who worked countless
hours and evenings and weekends to put this Budget together, along with
Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer, Joe Saccio and Tarun Narayan and Staff
across the Departments. We're honored to work with a dedicated Council,
professional City workforce, and a highly engaged community. We look
forward to working with Finance and the Council over the next month in
bringing in a Budget that can best serve our community. With that, I will
turn it over to Walter.

Walter Rossmann, Office of Management and Budget Director: Thank you,
Jim. Good evening. Walter Rossmann, Budget Director. I would like to
quickly orient you, especially new Council Members. We have two Budget
documents, an Operating Budget document and a Capital Budget document.
The Operating one has sections for each major fund section, such as
Citywide, Enterprise, General Fund, etc. The real focus I want to share with
the entire Council today is the changes we have made to the Capital Budget.
Last year as part of the Finance Committee hearings, there were several
changes which the Committee asked for. The Council approved changes in
the [Municipal] Code about how we carry forward funds from one fiscal year
to the next. That's the main reason why the Capital Budget is going from
$57 million to $150 million just for the next fiscal year. Instead of carrying
                                                                           Page 6 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
