                          TRANSCRIPT
be made potable also. Groundwater, as Jeffrey Koseff, a Stanford professor
of civil and environmental engineering has said, is really our savings
account. It's the last resort. It's what we have to use when there is no
precipitation. In closing, we would like the City to see and safeguard our
groundwater as the valued resource that supports our ecosystem, our
homes and our infrastructure and potentially as a source of potable water
during the recurring droughts, not as a construction byproduct waste
material for which disposal is inconveniently necessary. Thank you for your
attention.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much to all of you for coming. That takes
us to approval of Minutes for May 4, May 6 ...

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, may I just interrupt just for a
second?

Mayor Holman: Yes, sir.

Mr. Keene: I did want just want to advise the Council that the subject of the
discussion on the dewatering issue is scheduled for a early December Policy
and Services Committee meeting. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: The scope of that discussion will include ...

Mr. Keene: We'll be reporting on the comments and the issues that we've
received and what alternatives are. It's primarily to try to get this matter
before the Council Committee for discussion.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much.

Minutes Approval

5.   May 4, 2015, May 6, 2015, and May 11, 2015.

Mayor Holman: With that, Council Members, we are then going to approval
of Minutes for May 4, May 6 and May 11.

Council Member Scharff: So moved.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid, to approve the Minutes.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to approve the May 4, 6, and 11, 2015 Minutes.
                                                                      Page 48 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
