                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff was agreeable with different language. He preferred
Staff return to explore as part of the scoring intensity of use.

Council Member DuBois agreed.

Council Member Burt stated all of the items would be considerations for the
scoring.

Mayor Holman reiterated that the Council was informing Staff of topics it
wished to consider.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER: to add "potential intensity of use" under number 4.

Council Member Filseth asked if the Motion should exclude retail uses.

Council Member Burt agreed the Motion should be more specific. The Motion
did not include residential uses and could exclude certain services. Staff
should provide options for definitions of the types of uses included in the
cap.

Council Member Filseth asked if Council Member Burt meant to defer uses to
Staff for suggestions.

Council Member Burt indicated Staff would provide options rather than a
single recommendation.

Council Member Filseth requested Council Member Burt clarify the 50,000
sq. ft. number particularly if the Research Park was excluded from that
number. He inquired whether the Council should provide Staff with a range
rather than a specific number.

Council Member Burt advised that the Council could elect a different number
at a future discussion. There would be no perfect number. In boom years,
the City did not have control of the pace of development or impacts. The
limit of 50,000 sq. ft. reflected an average year. If it was adopted, it would
create a lower average. The amount was an attempt to provide sufficient
office growth while allowing flexibility and reining in periods of excessive
growth. It would be a trial, because the Council did not know whether
initiatives to address traffic and parking would be successful.

Council Member Filseth noted the long-term average was 34,000 sq. ft. per
year. Over the previous few years, the average was 67,000 sq. ft. Citywide
including the Research Park. The average annual growth for Office/R&D
from 2001 to 2015 was 34,300 sq. ft. per year Citywide.


03/23/2015                                                               117- 139
