                          TRANSCRIPT
important thing that happens, as far as I'm concerned, in a CSS process is
that you must upfront define success. Caltrain must define success. What
does that mean to them, and it has to be in a way that you can go back and
say is the project successful. High Speed Rail needs to define success.
What are they actually trying to achieve, and it can't be two trains. That's
not success. It's a transportation goal of some kind. Palo Alto needs to
define what success means for Caltrain from our perspective. It can't just
be six trains an hour. Right now with the blended system, you would have
three trains every 30 minutes basically. That's not actually very good
service. This, I think, is the best way to get to the finish line. It would allow
us to go back and look at the freight assumption which is what's driving a
$500 million price on grade separations.         For instance, right now the
assumption is you'd have to be 51 feet under the ground as you cross by
Charleston at East Meadow, and that's because you're assuming clearance
levels for freight and then you're tacking on some issues with the creeks. If
we want to get to a project that can succeed for all of the different goals, the
community goals and all the different transportation goals, we are going to
have to do this in a really creative, thoughtful way. I think we are up for it.
Thanks.

Roland LeBrun: Thank you again, Mayor and Council. First of all, I really
want to congratulate Staff on their report. It really is excellent. I think all
the points have been really highlighted and they've come to the right
conclusion, let's go and trench. They actually know where to put the trench
in. Why is High Speed Rail back in the Peninsula? Well, it's very simple;
they've run out of money in the Central Valley. It's that simple. They know
that we, San Francisco, potentially San Mateo and Santa Clara, are about to
pass multiple transportation measures which potentially could run up to $15-
$20 million. Hello, there they are. Now, these people do not have the
exclusive right to obtain environmental clearance of this kind of project. It's
very simple that there is no question of ever exceeding 125 miles an hour in
the Peninsula. CPUC Section 185032 is very clear; anybody else can get
clearance below 125. That includes Caltrain; that includes the VTA. You
might say we don't really want to have to deal with VTA. What I really
encourage you to do is to look at all the grade separations the VTA did on
these sites for BART, and you may be very pleasantly surprised with the
numbers these things actually cost. On the Section 190, Staff correctly
discovered that the formula is basically the number of cars across a track
every day multiplied by a number of trains. It's a little bit more complicated
than that, but basically that's it. The trick is to actually combine multiple
grade separations. When you do that you end up with an absolutely
enormous number. San Mateo is very familiar with this. This is exactly how
they managed to get the funding to basically replace four bridges that did
not need replacing, because they added up the numbers of all the cars that
                                                                           Page 14 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
