                          TRANSCRIPT
I'm worried. I'm worried that long-time residents are leaving, that seniors
are having fewer options, that we're losing mid-career individuals, we're
losing young people, we're losing professionals, creatives, public employees,
educators as we've heard tonight. I think availability and affordability of
housing is ultimately what will shape that social character and the social
content of our community. In looking at the Land Use Element, actually in
looking at the existing conditions, I was really struck by the fact that only
3.5 percent of our land is currently multifamily housing and .7 is mixed use.
I think given land and construction costs, whole housing is going to have to
be multifamily. We've seen really great examples of that tonight. We're not
an island. We have a regional challenge, but I think and I hope that tonight
with your discussion on this topic, you can shape our City's role in helping
with this regional challenge and allowing the foundation of our City to be the
excellent people who live here. As you ponder tonight's vision and goals,
you put our community first and include a social makeup that we will need to
have a healthy, just, compassionate community in the year 2030. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I have one question for you, if I could. You said 3.5
percent. Is that 3.5 percent of, like, our flatlands area or does that include
Foothills, Baylands?

Ms. Uang: I think it's the full area of the City. It's not just the urban service
boundary. It's in the existing conditions report; I can't remember which
page. I don't know if Jeremy has it.

Mayor Holman: Just wanted to clarify for everybody. Thank you. Our next
speaker is Phyllis Cassel, to be followed by Monica Stone.

Phyllis Cassel: I'm Phyllis Cassel. This evening I'm speaking for myself. I
think you all know what I'm going to say. I wanted to support what John
Keller said, the previous speaker. I think he had a nice presentation to
express the breadth of need we have for low and moderate income housing
and for middle income housing. We even need high income housing, but I'm
not encouraging you in building that. We don't have middle income housing.
We have some low income housing, very low income housing. We've
worked year after year after year at that, trying to increase the housing for
very low income people and low income people. People whose incomes are
under 80 percent, the newer housing is going with tax credits, and that's
going to reduce the eligibility to 50 percent. We're going to have even more
people, from to 50 to 80 percent of people, needing housing as we move
forward. We don't have middle income housing. The new people who live in
my neighborhood, who are moving into rentals, are skilled professionals, and
they don't stay. I make a friend, and they're gone because they can't afford
to be in the area and they move out. It's really sad. Housing is a very basic

                                                                         Page 39 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
