                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not believe the Council had considered the impact
of a series of hotels driving out retail locations. He asked if any hotel
projects were in the pipeline.

Ms. Gitelman responded no.

Council Member Burt suggested the Council consider mandating preservation
of the amount of retail under the prior use for the long-term ordinance. He
did not want Number 5 of the Motion to force out uses that were
grandfathered in.

Council Member Scharff was unsure whether Council Member Burt's proposal
would accomplish his purpose. He asked if deleting Number 5 would indicate
that existing nonconforming uses could not change.

Council Member Burt replied no. Under the existing Motion, nonconforming
retail uses would not be protected.

Council Member Scharff suggested Council Member Burt's language state
that existing nonconforming retail uses would be protected. He asked if the
Council would require those existing, nonconforming retail uses to remain.

Council Member Burt noted under the interim ordinance, all existing retail
could not be converted. Number 5 exempted those from that.

Mayor Holman interpreted Council Member Scharff's comments to mean that
grandfathered, legal, nonconforming retail services would be protected.

Council Member Burt questioned the need to state that when those uses
were covered in the Motion, Number 5 carved out those uses.

Council Member Scharff understood that Number 5 would not allow a
nonconforming retail use to change to a conforming use.

Council Member Burt concurred. The existing legal, nonconforming retail
uses could close under the current market.

Council Member Scharff accepted deleting Number 5 from the Motion.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to delete Number 5 – retail services that are
grandfathered in as legal non-conforming shall not be protected or required
to remain, in the Motion.




04/06/2015                                                           117- 186
