                         TRANSCRIPT
very clear what the assumptions are so it's not just a black box, because
then it'll just cause more questions. If we do these online things, we need
to leverage all of the online sources in Palo Alto including promoting it on
Palo Alto Online, Facebook, not just the City website. I'm going to get
specific.    One quick question.    Housing wasn't including; I guess the
assumption was we just did the Housing Element, so we didn't include it.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right; although, the Council has identified one of the
issues that we'll be talking about is whether there are adjustments that we
want to make in the Housing Element sites and densities.

Council Member DuBois: That's one of the three sessions of the Summit,
but it's not in the discussions.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We weren't going to do the same kind of in-
depth review of Goals, policies and programs, because that was just done.

Council Member DuBois: Right. Starting on page 149 in the packet which is
the Visions. I'll be very specific in my opinion. On Land Use, I prefer the
current Comp Plan. It's clearer. What Mayor Holman said that some of
these things are diluted down, and they also use a lot of buzz words. We
should speak with clear language when we can. I like how it calls out
specific uses, neighborhoods, shopping, employment centers. The PTC
statement just says, "Will balance growth with preservation of
neighborhoods." That seems more unclear to me than the current Plan,
which says, "All neighborhoods will be improved." On Transportation, I like
the PTC version, but I'd like to include the sentence about "the adverse
impacts of automobile traffic on residential streets in particular will be
reduced." Again, that's a specific sentence that I would like to add to the
PTC's vision.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, if I can interrupt? I'm trying to
track. Are you picking up a sentence from the existing or are you adding a
sentence?

Council Member DuBois: I'm picking up from existing and adding it to the
PTC.

Mayor Holman: About midway down is the adverse impacts.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mayor Holman: All right. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Hillary, if you're not following me, let me know.

                                                                       Page 36 of 60
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                             Trasncript: 04/27/2015
