                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman responded yes, questions for either party or Staff.

Council Member Scharff believed the Hearing Officer was thoughtful and
thorough. He referred to Page 15 of the Hearing Officer's decision regarding
one-bedroom homes and unpermitted additions. The Hearing Officer did not
support his decision for that with statute. A four-person family could not live
in a one bedroom home.

Ms. Nanda indicated the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) standard was two plus one per bedroom or three people
per bedroom.

Council Member Scharff felt the park owner should provide a rental subsidy
based on a two bedroom home if a family consisted of more than four
people. The purpose seemed to be relocation of Buena Vista residents;
however, moving four people into one bedroom housing was unrealistic.

Ms. Nanda suggested the Hearing Office was stating that residents had been
given the benefit of living in a self-created, unpermitted, two or three
bedroom home, because the appraiser was instructed to ignore the
unpermitted nature of the additions. The appraisal provided a value based
on the actual number of bedrooms in the homes even though second and
third bedroom additions were unpermitted. The value did not need to be
captured a second time through the rent subsidy. The rent subsidy was
based on market rate housing in Palo Alto and surrounding cities. Rent at
Buena Vista did not represent market rate housing, because it was rent
controlled. The value of the unpermitted additions was captured in the
appraisal rather than the lump-sum assistance. The rent subsidy was based
on the market rate for a one bedroom apartment; however, residents could
rent a two or three bedroom apartment at below-market rates.

Council Member Scharff asked if there were any legal impediments to the
Council imposing an additional condition for the park owner to provide a rent
subsidy for a two bedroom home.

Ms. Nanda understood multiple families were living together in one home.
Under the HUD standard, a family of six or seven people would need three
bedrooms. A family of eight people would need four bedrooms. The rent
subsidy far exceeded the reasonable cost of relocation.

Council Member Scharff reiterated a condition for a two bedroom home for
four or more people living in a mobile home. He was concerned that four
people would not be able to move to a one bedroom apartment.


                                                                          Page 6 of 41
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 04/14/15
