                           TRANSCRIPT
meetings. We do outreach through our website and the neighborhood
networks as well as working with many City departments such as police,
code enforcement and animal control. They have a place to refer people
when there's an issue that they can't resolve themselves. We hope to be
doing some outreach at the libraries. In the last couple of months, we've
been enjoying using the new library rooms for mediation. It's a great
change from Cubberley [Community Center], so we're thrilled with that. As
Mediators, we try to help people in the community resolve conflicts, some of
which may be going back as many as 20 years. These can range from
landlord/tenant issues such as security deposits, rent increases; neighbor to
neighbor issues such as noise, fences, trees; disagreements about
housemates or disagreements with homeowners associations. Each year we
handle about 140 cases, of which about half result in mediation. Of those,
approximately 90 percent have a positive outcome. PAMP also works with
the Palo Alto Mandatory Response Program (MRP) which is a process
established by City Ordinance. This program provides conciliation and
mediation services for tenants and landlords. It applies to rental properties
where the landlord owns or operates two or more rental units in the City and
covers disputes ranging from rental increases to deposits to privacy and
quiet enjoyment. This year we've had 14 potential MRP cases. Of these,
eight voluntarily agreed to mediate and seven reached an agreement. Three
were conciliated by phone, and two were resolved through counseling. We
have one still pending.      We're getting very good outcomes from the
Ordinance, and it's a wonderful tool to have. As Palo Alto has become more
culturally diverse, we believe the Mediation Program provides a bridge for
helping people with misunderstandings and miscommunication that they face
in the community. We hope that by having a mediation program available
as a free service to Palo Alto we are contributing by making it a stronger
community and a great place to live. We want to thank you for your
continuing support. We want to talk about a new program, which Paul
Hebert is going to talk about, from Project Sentinel.

Paul Hebert, Project Sentinel: Thank you, Diane. Just wanted to add a
piece of the outreach that's a little bit new this year is a result of an uptick in
the number of landlords calling for help. A lion's share of the calls we take
are from tenant/landlord issues, but mostly it's the tenants calling for help.
The fact that a lot of landlords are facing difficult situations with their
tenants had us decide to offer a training specifically targeting the smaller or
new landlords, people who are just renting out a room in their home or who
have inherited a home or are living in half of a duplex, things like that.
These people tend to step into it with good intentions about ownership or
investment and not much preparation for the role of landlord. We will be
doing outreaches to the community specifically targeting those folks to help
them learn how to deal proactively with the things that they're facing.
                                                                           Page 10 of 105
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 05/04/15
