                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can respond. I wanted to ask Council
Member Wolbach—I think we understand your objective. I wonder whether
instead of the suggestion of adding a goal, whether you'd consider providing
direction to the CAC that they consider this as a tool. It seems like a goal to
add a tool is just a little bit different than all the other goals that we've
crafted here. Instead if it was direct the CAC to make use of coordinated
area plans as a regular plan tool in the Comp Plan Update, something like
that, it might be a little ...

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not expecting that in the next ...

Council Member Burt: Why don't you use her language?

Council Member Wolbach: The reason I'm reluctant is I'm not expecting that
in the next year or year and a half, however long we're working on the
Comp Plan, I'm not expecting that we're going to identify all of the potential
coordinated area plan sites that we might want to work on over the next 15
years. Does that make sense?

Council Member Burt: Yeah, but it's not a goal per se.       That's all that, I
think, Hillary's clarifying.

Mayor Holman: We're not directing the CAC to use coordinated area plans.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what she suggested.

Ms. Gitelman: My suggestion is that the amendment be crafted as a
direction to the CAC rather than addition of a goal in the Plan that talks
about using a particular tool. Developing coordinated area plans is a
sizeable effort that involves many years of planning and community input
and engagement. This is a 15-year Plan. I don't think we can identify that
many that we're going to do in the next 15 years. I think it would be good
direction from the Council to the CAC that you think this is really important
and that the Plan should lay out those areas where these coordinated area
plans should be prepared.

Council Member Wolbach: That's a difference of opinion. I actually do think
we might be able to do many of them. I don't think either we or the CAC in
the next year and a half that we're working on the Comprehensive Plan, I
don't think that we're going to identify all of those locations.

Council Member Burt: But it's still not a goal.




                                                                        Page 82 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
