                          TRANSCRIPT
but it's also on a somewhat awkward road. As we have said, to get out
you've got to turn to the right. I know how to do this very well, because I
do that Alma turn a great deal and also go out onto 280. It is awkward.
We'll get more awkward as the Holbach building comes into play. I don't
think that's a reason to turn this down, however. This is a project that's
worked hard to provide the parking. It's very clear it's worked hard to alter
and add more BMR units, which are pretty good sized. By the way, I went
through and looked at them. Three of them are 900 square feet, which is a
good sized BMR unit. I commend the architects for finding more BMRs.
That certainly is probably the nugget in this plan. I'm supporting it. I
certainly hear that it's difficult to do that. I'm in favor of this.

Council Member Berman: I agree with Council Member Scharff. The
applicant definitely listened to what we said six months ago or five months
ago, and has come back with a better project. I won't go over the handful
of things that have significantly improved the project since then. I want to
revisit with the consultant. I'm sympathetic that it's 12:30 in the morning
and we're throwing lots of random numbers at you and expecting you to
come back with precise answers. I wanted to revisit Jeff Levinsky's points.
I don't always agree with Jeff, but I always appreciate the way he lays out
his argument. If I'm understanding the answers that you gave Council
Member Scharff earlier—I think it was Council Member Scharff, it might not
have been. The argument that Mr. Levinsky makes is according to your
analyses the cost of the BMR units are either $1.5 million or $3.2 million,
depending on which analysis you use. The benefit to the developer is either
$600,000 approximately or $1.2 million, depending on which analysis you
use. Mr. Levinsky is saying the benefit already takes into account the cost
of the BMR units, which seemed to be right. This is where I wish I had the
legislative history and the legislative intent. Your point is that doesn't
matter, because what the law says is that you're supposed to—I'm not
saying I agree with this. If it's the law, it's the law. Your job under the law
is to compare the benefit to the developer to the cost of the affordable
housing. Is that correct?

Mr. Kawahara: I would articulate it this way. The State laws says that we
are to quantify the cost of the BMR units. That part of it is pretty clear.
That is what we've done as part of the analysis, in two different ways. The
question before us is whether what the applicant is asking for with respect to
concessions is more than what is needed to cover those costs. That is the
critical question that we're helping to analyze. As I stated before, no
developer would pursue a density bonus unless there was some economic
incentive to do so. The question is whether that benefit and economic
incentive is too much or is adequate. That is the question that we're trying
to address.
                                                                       Page 136 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
