                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: You'd need to make the findings for it.

Council Member Wolbach: Was that maybe on we should move away from
LOS or maybe we can provide direction on calming on Park or maybe we can
require that the developer pay for a stop sign? What was the maybe on?

Mr. Lait: Regarding LOS, there is work underway now. There is some State
law that we're still waiting for some guidance on how that's going to be
implemented. When that does, we'll be before the Council.

Council Member Wolbach: That was my general comment. We've had other
comments about how this informs our broader discussions. Specifically for
our motions tonight and to inform our motions when we get to them shortly,
can we require—I turn to colleagues—should we require or encourage Staff
to look at traffic calming on Park around the intersection with Grant? That
might help alleviate some of the concerns about this project.

Council Member Filseth: Move to deny the DEE exemption.

Council Member Kniss: Second. Weren't we here about a half an hour ago?

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to deny the Design Enhancement Exception applications.

Council Member Filseth:         To comment on Council Member Scharff's
discussion of a minute ago, I wholeheartedly agree. That is exactly right. It
is incumbent on us to give the development community a good sense of
where it is we're going, so that they have confidence that if they submit a
project, they'll know whether it's going to get accepted or rejected. Frankly,
the current process that we've been going through between all the moving
parts, it's hasn't done that. The question of are we all fundamentalists now,
the community wants us to be more fundamental in our interpretation of the
Codes. A place that we have gone wrong is we have been too liberal in our
interpretations of some of these things in the last few years. That has sent
a mixed—not a bad—message to the development community that it's not
clear what they're going to get. If we can be clearer and if we can be more
fundamental, I agree with Council Member Scharff that we should tighten up
our Codes and make them crisper and clearer, so there aren't 17 ways to
interpret this. Everybody will benefit. The community will have a better
expectation of what they're going to get. The development community will
have a clearer understanding of what they can build and what they can't.
Frankly, we'll save Staff time. I'm going to agree with Council Member
Scharff's call for increased clarity and some scrubbing of our Codes.


                                                                       Page 88 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
