                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman inquired whether the Water District Board had
considered revenue sources other than the property tax.

Mr. Fiedler indicated the Water District Board provided a report that
described groundwater charges and cost of service analysis. The report
reflected the offset for the State Water Project tax. In July 2014, the Water
District Board had greater interest in the State Water Project tax in policy
discussions. In November and December 2014, the Water District Board
held public sessions describing the State Water Project tax. Water District
staff asked the Board whether it should change its practice of relying upon
100 percent of costs to be recovered through the State Water Project tax.
The Water District Board did not provide direction to make changes.

Council Member Berman asked if most              water    agencies   collected
infrastructure costs via a tax or water rates.

Molly Stump, City Attorney, reported the State Water Project was a special
situation. In general, the contemporary philosophical underpinnings of a tax
were that fees aligned with services provided. Many other water districts
provided a portion of the State Water Project costs through tax rolls. Staff
believed the Water District's practice of collecting all costs through the tax
was unusual for an urban and semi-urban district.

Council Member Burt inquired whether Palo Alto's drawdown of water helped
prevent subsidence.

Mr. Fiedler could not say. The basin was large, and the Water District
recharged it in portions to maintain the balance. Many people benefited by
the Water District's management and recharge program.

Council Member Burt was referring to preventing subsidence today.          He
asked if the Water District drew from the water table.

Mr. Fiedler advised that the Water District did not pump groundwater. Other
municipalities and investor-owned utilities pumped groundwater. The Water
District provided a means for water supply to remain available.

Council Member Burt asked if the Water District pumped water into the
water table while users throughout Santa Clara County withdrew water from
the table.

Mr. Fiedler responded yes.

Council Member Burt asked if any water pumped from the water table
served Palo Alto.


03/23/2015                                                             117- 118
