                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman advised it would be a judgment call.

Vice Mayor Schmid remarked that Committees usually              determined
placement on the Agenda if there was one opposing vote.

Council Member Kniss asked if Mayor Holman was looking at the draft
Minutes to pull information for the Motion.

Mayor Holman stated no, she was looking at the submissions and the
handout from the Retreat.

Mr. Keene clarified that items referred to the Policy and Services Committee
were:   the three items listed under Procedures and Protocols on the
summary from the Council meeting; submissions from Vice Mayor Schmid
and Mayor Holman.

Council Member Burt stated items under Meeting Management on the
document from the Retreat appeared to include items that could potentially
be Procedures and Protocols.

Mayor Holman advised that Council Members could move to refer all
submissions under Procedures and Protocols to the Policy and Services
Committee except for items they felt could take more discussion.

Council Member Filseth asked if the Policy and Services Committee would
reject, accept, or send back to the Council for discussion each item.

Mayor Holman explained that the Policy and Services Committee would
make a recommendation to accept, reject or modify each item. Rather than
both the Policy and Services Committee and the Council vetting controversial
items, the Policy and Services Committee could provide an initial vetting or
refer items to a Committee of the Whole for vetting.

Council Member Filseth reiterated that each item would receive one of the
three actions.

Council Member Burt suggested a fourth scenario. The Policy and Services
Committee could do some vetting and then recommend that the full Council
hold a discussion. The Policy and Services Committee would help the
discussion but not conclude it.

Mayor Holman added that the Policy and Services Committee would perform
preliminary work to assist the discussion of the Committee of the Whole or
the Council.

Council Member Kniss commented that it would be a vetting process.


02/17/2015                                                           116- 494
