                          TRANSCRIPT
believe the early item that will come up will be when his younger child
graduates from Palo Alto High School. I believe she is a senior now, so that
would be soon. The second amendment that occurred there was that the
City would pay its pro rata share of property taxes based on its equity share.
Those are both in the restated agreement. The final amendment that was
made, which is Section 9.9, reflects the fact that the City Manager after he
was no longer City Manager might want to do some modifications or building
at the property to get it ready for sale. As I recall, that amendment limited
the City's share of the expenses to $60,000. Now we have a situation that's
not explicitly covered in the agreement, but there may be a case where one
of the choices that might be presented is to use the insurance money to do
some construction. The majority of that money is the City's. Given that last
amendment, which says you can only spend $60,000 of City money, I
believe that if the choice is made to reconstruct the house, you may need to
amend the agreement if you want to go along with that choice. I believe
that last amendment to the employment agreement is unambiguous, and it
limits how much City money could be spent for any construction after the
City Manager was no longer employed by the City. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We have Stephanie Munoz, who would like to
speak to Item Number 4, to be followed by Curt Weil.

Stephanie Munoz, speaking to Agenda Item Number 4: Good evening,
Mayor Holman and Council Members. I would like to echo the previous
speaker with regards to a concern for the City's assets. In both the garage
situation and the former City Manager's residence situation, it seems to me
it would not be prudent to get rid of land which we already own or dedicate
it to a purpose which may not turn out to be the most important use we
could make of that land. I believe that we've done very well implementing
the principle that offices in particular, if they're going and coming in cars,
must provide the parking. Retail is a little bit different situation. I think that
we should look into having the bus when it's raining or having a little
elephant train go around the Downtown so that people could go in and shop
and work on the delivery of parcels, which is the main reason I believe that
people feel a need to take their cars Downtown for shopping. It is a little bit
difficult to carry a large sofa home on your bicycle no matter how great
bicycles are. That's my thought. I believe you could implement the use of
the garages we already have by having the first floor of the garage paid for
at a fairly high rate and have the free parking, the time-limited parking, only
upstairs. I think that would utilize better the whole garage which is several
floors. As you know, I have suggested in the past that these garages are
going to be our first line of defense in case there's an earthquake or some
other terrible disaster. We'll have to put people some place, and here are
these garages. If you had them stocked with emergency supplies, toilets
                                                                          Page 22 of 126
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/14/15
