                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I can see why, especially in the winter. I wanted to
ask you, you mentioned cap and trade and the lawsuit, so you might say a
bit about that. I want to mention how pleased I am about the vaccination
bill. That issue, I think, is enough to make many just scratch their heads
and wonder. Lastly, the right to die bill was an incredible step forward, I
think. Those two, as you called them, health issues, I see as really
important issues for us as a state. I was pleased with that. Before you go
to cap and trade, how many laws are on the books in California? You just
added 800-plus. How many are there?

Mr. Gordon: I have no clue.

Council Member Kniss: Jeremy's going to tell us later.

Mr. Gordon: We'll find out.

Council Member Kniss: I've always thought that every year we add an
innumerable number of laws. I don't know that any have been—have any
ever been taken off the books instead of added?

Mr. Gordon: Actually there's been a few periodically are taken off every
year, not many. It's only like one or two, so it's nowhere near ...

Council Member Kniss: We have thousands of bills in California. I mean
thousands of laws that are passed via bills. If you would say—sorry.

Mr. Gordon: Yeah. Yeah. Liz, they're all over. It's interesting. We also
this year passed a law, the right to dry law, which provides some exclusions
for homeowners' associations and local jurisdictions to no longer outlaw
clothes lines and outdoor drying of clothing. We not only did right to die,
but right to dry.

Council Member Kniss: Or not to dry. The rest of that was cap and trade.

Mr. Gordon: Cap and trade, yeah. As part of the implementation of our
greenhouse gas program in California, the Air Resources Board established a
mechanism where if you are continuing to exceed the standards, you pay a
fee for that. That fee is what we're collecting in the cap and trade dollars.
The businesses who are being charged that and the California Chamber of
Commerce on their behalf sued the State, saying that it's not a fee which
requires only a simple majority vote, but it's a tax which would have
required a two-thirds vote. That's the issue that's being discussed in the
courts. The court will eventually determine whether it was appropriately
labeled a fee or should have been labeled a tax. That will determine the
future of that.
                                                                      Page 13 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
