                           TRANSCRIPT
have another one soon. In just running into various events some of the
Mayors, I won't name names at this point in time, not that I could remember
necessarily or specifically or inclusively, but the response has been pretty
much as you would expect. It's like they aren't listening, because the letter
was pretty emphatic about the study. I don't think that there's been any
commitment either. It's just the possibility of allocation of funds to those
cities who have actually made great improvements on their roadway
surfacing, the pavement maintenance. There hasn't been any commitment
to that yet. It's just one of the things they're considering doing, right?

Mr. Shikada: That is correct. There's been no commitment. It is one of the
issues that has been discussed. I will tell you that in informal discussions
among Staff from the North County cities, there's a recognition that since
our—a bit of a dilemma here. In one sense, since our pavement conditions
are typically better than in, say, San Jose, that having a set aside for
pavement maintenance that can be used for other purposes is a good thing.
On the other hand, having a large allocation for pavement maintenance then
takes away from, let's say, an allocation that could be used for other big
things, such as regional Caltrain programming. It's a bit of a dilemma for a
city to say we like having local flexibility, but the likelihood is that the larger
the allocation for that purpose, the less that's available for major regional
projects that might be of importance to all cities.

Mayor Holman: There's where the rub comes in because how the allocation
has been misdistributed in the past affects the desire of the cities as well. I
have one last question. Timing, should the City want to put its own tax
measure on. If you back the timing out, is there time? When would we
have to get all the paperwork done, all the filings done and do the necessary
leg work leading up to it?

Mr. Shikada: I think the timeframe that we've been operating under is for a
November 2016 countywide measure or City measure that the final action
and definitions on ballot language would need to occur in early August.
Now, for something of the complexity of a countywide measure, VTA is
headed toward a spring discussion and pretty well nailing down what the
priorities would need to look like in that timeframe. I think actually for a
local measure we have a little more time to, I'll say, reach both consensus
as well as the action into the spring/summer timeframe. In general, we'd be
expecting a pretty clear statement to occur on the countywide measure in
the spring time.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, I think they've been talking about March. Maybe you
can come back later with what the timing might be practically speaking for


                                                                             Page 52 of 70
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/13/15
