                          TRANSCRIPT
it would make sense to have a review after a period of time, maybe five
years. As it is set up now, appeals just go to the Planning Director, and
from the Planning Director to the PTC, and then appeal to the Council. That
on a single application can take up huge amounts of time of lots of people.
Having a five-year review period where you come back and say how is this
working out would allow us to look at some of the details in a changing
environment and say this makes sense. I would ask the maker and
seconder of the motion to just add an amendment to say there will be a
review in five years.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Schmid: Two elections.

Mayor Holman: Five years is too far out I think.       If we're going to do a
review of this, it should be, like, two years.

Council Member Scharff: I agree. I'm good with two years.

Mayor Holman: So you've got that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “there will be a review of
this Ordinance in two years.”

Mayor Holman: I have a light also from Pat, Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: My apology if this has already been clarified. When
we're looking up at the PC up at Palo Alto Central, I think it's called. The
green hashed in the upper right. There are spaces there that were always
on the—that entire block, what faces Cal. Ave. and what's along the Park
Boulevard.    There are service businesses there.        There have been at
different times some retail there. This green hashing goes all the back to
the track.    Am I misinterpreting that?       There's a restaurant in that
Courtyard, but I think there's other ground-floor there that's ...

Council Member Scharff: There's lots of other ground-floor retail.

Council Member Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Scharff: There's lots of—you're right. There's lots of other
ground. There's the watch maker, the jewelry.

Council Member Burt: Yeah. My question is whether the entire parcel, all
the way back to the tracks, are we saying that's now in the retail district and
are all of those—those are commercial condos I think on the ground floor.
                                                                        Page 74 of 133
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/21/15
