                             MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:06 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
             Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Presentation From Caltrain Staff on the Peninsula               Corridor
      Electrification Project Final Environmental Impact Report.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst, advised that Caltrain staff would
present information regarding the Caltrain Peninsula Corridor Electrification
Project including both historical and current aspects. City of Palo Alto (City)
and Caltrain staff planned to work together to address Council Member
comments, questions, and recommendations.            Caltrain's 2014 average
weekday ridership was more than 52,000. Caltrain's 2004 average weekday
ridership was 24,000. The Downtown Palo Alto Caltrain Station continued to
be Caltrain's second busiest station, averaging more than 6,000 weekday
riders. Caltrain was vitally important to the Palo Alto transportation network
and was the key reason the City supported Caltrain. Issues had been raised
which both the City and Caltrain were attempting to address.

Marian Lee, Executive Officer Caltrain Electrification Modernization Project,
reported that Caltrain was investing in the Corridor so that ridership could
increase. Caltrain anticipated demand would continue to grow. The Early
Investment Program included an advanced signal system, called Positive
Train Control, which was a safety project focused on performance attributes
mandated by the Federal Railroad Administration to ensure a smart system
activated in case of human error that resulted in the potential for trains
colliding. Positive Train Control included performance attributes that would
allow Caltrain to run trains closer together and increase capacity for growing
ridership. Positive Train Control was being installed and scheduled to be
completed by the end of 2015. Caltrain anticipated the Peninsula Corridor
Electrification Project would begin revenue service in the 2020-2021
timeframe. Caltrain would modernize its system to be compatible with High
Speed Rail (HSR) service.         HSR was financially contributing to the
Electrification Project and the advanced signal system project. The Early
Investment Program had specific utility for Caltrain. In the future, Caltrain
would also have utility for HSR. Caltrain was attempting to meet commuter
ridership needs by improving train performance.

01/12/2015                                                             116- 295
