                         TRANSCRIPT
We urge you to make every effort to make that happen. Sincerely, signed
by our current Palo Alto Unified School District Board Members Melissa Baten
Caswell, Heidi Emberling, Ken Dauber, Camille Townsend and myself and
former School Board Members John Barton, Alan Davis, Julie Jerome,
Barbara Klausner, Cathy Kroymann, Hank Levin, Amado Padilla, Gail Price,
Diane Reklis, Susie Richardson, Dana Tom, Carolyn Tucher and Don Way.
Thanks.

Nigel Jones: Good evening. My name is Nigel Jones, and my family and I
have lived on Metro Circle for over 20 years in the Midtown area. Metro has
23 homes, 21 in the mid-century modern Eichler style. Recently an attempt
was made to raze one of these houses and to build a home completely out of
style and proportion to that neighborhood, in fact, twice the size with two
stories and 4,500 square feet. After appeals by the neighbors to the
Council, the permit was postponed and the new owners have decided to
build a home more suited to Metro Circle which we have welcomed and is a
very successful conclusion for all parties. Our question became what is the
most effective way of preventing homes like this from being built in our
neighborhood in the future and not just on an incremental basis. We
decided the best answer was to apply for a single-story overlay, an SSO.
We broadened our conversation to include all of the adjacent homes on
Moffett Circle, Amarillo and Greer to form Greer Park North as a group. We
distributed a petition, and as a result we have already received over 70
percent positive, signed responses in favor of an SSO for our area. Our
other adjacent street, Van Aucken Circle, has already successfully
implemented an SSO, so this would complete the segment of Midtown. The
benefit to us is that we can take care of our neighborhood with one single
zone change. The benefit to the City, we believe, in terms of Staff time
spent on these requests, particularly with its current busy agenda, is that an
SSO will take this discussion off the table in one fell swoop for the
neighborhood, potentially saving them time and money and make all of your
constituents very happy. A major problem for us is the fee associated with
the SSO. It's an expensive proposition and will cause a definite financial
barrier for some of the people to participate. It also complicates the whole
process for us and presumably for the Planning Department as well. As a
result, we were all positively encouraged when Councilman DuBois
suggested a temporary waiver of the SSO fee and Mayor Holman seconded
that. There is a precedent in that Allen Court's SSO fee was waived in 2004.
I would like to request that the Council approve a temporary waiver of the
SSO fee. I believe a waiver will significantly improve the ability of a
grassroots movement to make its wishes heard and that the results of an
SSO will not only benefit specific neighborhoods, but Palo Alto as a whole by
maintaining one of its signature architectural styles. I hope you'll be able to
support this. Thank you.
                                                                        Page 27 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
