                         TRANSCRIPT
Road and El Camino where VTA has had a parking lot and you can get the
newspapers anytime.         The people stood up and gave a very great
presentation for why they wanted a big office building. Every single one of
the Council Members said, "We don't really need office buildings on that site.
We need housing." Council Member Kniss said, "I think we have to ask
about Public Facility zoning. Certainly people when they buy Public Facility
zoning don't expect that they're going to have to keep a parking lot on it."
They decided that they would talk about that. My question is why didn't VTA
put housing on it in the first place, because now where we are is those
people think that they're not going to be able to build a project. We really
should buy it or get them to build a project that has housing in it. That
would work out very well. I ask you, didn't they even think because when
you sell it cheap, because it's a parking lot, and then the City gives it a
upgrade, upzoning, it's now more expensive. It's a lot more expensive to
buy for us. Why did you sell it? Excuse me, why did VTA sell it? We think
of VTA as a surrogate of the County. Even if you might think of them as a
separate entity, it still seems to us that it's a County effort and that you
ought to be concerned with—I don't want to say put your money where your
mouth is. I want to say the practical thing is to get that housing in. Thank
you, Supervisor.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Do you have any final comments you care to
make?

Supervisor Simitian: I do just want to clarify a couple of things. There was
a lot to unpack in some of those comments, and I won't try. I do want to
just clarify a couple of things. For those who are not aware, the VTA is a
separate legal entity. Only two of the twelve members on their governing
board are members of the County Board of Supervisors, Supervisor Cindy
Chavez and Supervisor Ken Yeager at the moment. That was a decision that
the voters made decades ago. Some probably think it's proved wise, others
perhaps not. It is well and truly a separate legal entity that makes its own
set of judgments and choices. With respect to BART to San Jose, I just want
to be very clear about something. I support BART to San Jose. I supported
the 2000 measure. I voted for it; I endorsed it; I campaigned for it. As you
all heard me say earlier tonight, I want to actually set aside 25 percent, but
a cap of 25 percent, of the funding that would come from such a
transportation tax to finish the BART to San Jose effort. I supported BART to
San Jose 15 years ago; I still support BART to San Jose. I don't support
BART to San Jose at any price and at the endless expense of meaningful
congestion relief throughout the entire county. That's a distinction that I
think it's important to make. The last thing, just because it hasn't come up,
one of the things that Council Members and some community members
exhorted me to keep in mind last year when we were all together was the
                                                                       Page 26 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
