                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I think it goes right back to the same discussion.
This is a narrow segment of the community that has spoken out and spoken
to all of us extensively. I have not heard from the others who want to be
excluded, to be honest. I think that this is a small and important segment of
what happens within our community. Back again to timing. I think the
original motion which includes the current plan that we have, it simply says
move this up quickly. I honestly don't think it's going to take a great deal of
time in Policy and Services.

Mayor Holman: With that, we will be voting on the amendment.             Council
Member Filseth, did you want to speak to the amendment?

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to mostly echo what's been said before
here. I disagree with Council Member Wolbach that all potential exemptions
are equally urgent. I think this one is significantly more urgent than many
others. There are a couple others I'd like to see. At some point or other, we
should consider seasonal employment for teenagers, for example. I think
this one has priority, and I think we should deal with it forthwith. I think
that's our job, to make these choices, and we should do it.

Mayor Holman: Before the Council is to vote on amending the motion to
direct Policy and Services Committee to discuss exploring the option of
excluding tipped employees with potential exemptions to the ordinance.
Vote on the board please. That amendment fails on a 6-2 vote with Council
Members Berman and Wolbach voting yes.
AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Berman, Wolbach yes, Burt absent

Mayor Holman:      To the City Clerk, we seem to have lost the prior
amendment that failed. We seem to have lost the record of that on the
screen. With that, it looks like we return to the main motion which was a
motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Council Member Kniss, to
adopt the ordinance and direct Policy and Services Committee to discuss
exploring the option of excluding tipped employees as soon as possible.
Vote on the board please. That passes on an 8-0 vote. Congratulations
Council. Thank you.
MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

20.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9555 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Confirming Additional Weed Abatement Report
      and Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on the
      Respective Properties Described Therein.”

Mayor Holman: With that then, we move to our Action Items in the order
that they were originally on the agenda. Our first item is adoption of a
                                                                       Page 63 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
