                          TRANSCRIPT
March 2nd. If there's a real estate office operating there, would a financial
service use permit be precluded?

Ms. Silver: We've defined retail use to include both your standard retail uses
and retail-like uses. If a real estate use is considered a retail-like us, it's
not. Okay, right. It would fall outside of the Ordinance, and a Conditional
Use Permit would not be.

Council Member Scharff: That was my reading of the Ordinance. We need
to clarify it, because you've given opposite answers to Council Member
DuBois and other Council Members that the real estate office to Wells Fargo
is not covered by this and they may go ahead with that.

Ms. Gitelman: I stand corrected. Let me go back to that slide with the
chart. There are two mistakes on this chart. The first one regards 435
Hamilton, where we've said no in the last column. We believe the answer
should be okay, because of evidence we received very late this afternoon.
As Council Member Scharff has pointed out, in the last row where it says no,
a close reading, as the Council Members pointed out, of that section of the
Ordinance suggests that this should also be okay, because the existing real
estate office does not count as a retail use.

Council Member Scharff: I also had some other questions. If we were to
add things to this. Say we added automotive uses. That doesn't change the
Ordinance, for instance, Downtown where an automotive use would not be a
retail use on University Avenue. Right? It doesn't change those existing,
does it or does it?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct, It would still have to be a permitted use in the
other sections of the Ordinance to be allowed.

Council Member Scharff: If we add stuff, it's only where the current areas
would allow a wider range of uses anyway. Right?

Ms. Gitelman: That is our intention. Let me make sure we think it's drafted
that way. Yes.

Council Member Scharff: I would hope it would be. I just wanted to confirm
that. I wanted to ask this other question. You've asked us some questions
about other uses that we may want to include in this Ordinance. If we were
to add additional items to this Ordinance, then we would not pass this
Ordinance tonight and people could convert more retail. Is that correct?




                                                                         Page 26 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
