                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I was offering it as an amendment to Council
Member Berman. I don't know how he feels about it.

Council Member Berman: I'd like to ask our lobbyist a follow-up question on
a comment he has made, before I do that. You mentioned that the timelines
won't pertain to a special session. This stuff could go past the end of August
or it could happen sooner than that?

Mr. De Luca: It won't happen sooner. It could go past August. It could roll
into September. Obviously you'd have to make sure the Legislature stays in
session. The point of calling a special session is it gives you more flexibility
on timelines. You don't have the shot clock, like they refer to, constantly
ticking.

Council Member Berman: You don't think this will be acted on before the
end of August?

Mr. De Luca: There will be something in print that's up for debate before
(crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: Which is helpful for our purposes of having more
context.

Mr. De Luca: My concern is the budget is finally being resolved, and this
was not part of the budget. This is a standalone item which means more
attention is going to be paid to it. There's going to be more discussion,
more give and take. What's in print now very well could be the framework,
but there could be pieces taken or added.

Council Member Berman: I accept Council Member Scharff's amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to closely track SB 16-
Transportation Funding and as soon as the outlines are more clear, refer this
item to the Policy and Services Committee.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: I was going to make the same suggestion. It makes
sense to go to Policy and Services for a hard look at what we have and their
recommendation would be important.

Council Member Kniss: As a point of information, the Cities Association,
which includes Council Member Scharff, has fully supported this bill. A letter
has gone in. I'd be delighted to read the letter if you're interested. That is
where our Cities Association—are you the vice president, Council Member
Scharff?

                                                                          Page 46 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
