                        TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Yes. It goes to Council Member Filseth's question about
what is the balance and what is the criteria that we are using to determine
...

Council Member Berman: Then in the current motion, would that mean that
we only prioritize people from south Palo Alto who are involved in
neighborhood associations? If somebody is from south Palo Alto who isn't
involved in a neighborhood association, we don't consider—I'm having
trouble with the—I mean you can vote however you want to vote, but wow.

Mayor Holman: I'm actually going to offer an amendment to that.

Council Member Burt: Can I offer a potential compromise? If Council
Member Berman's amendment was essentially a subset of what we have in
"a" above, so it would be "from more neighborhoods south of Oregon
Expressway with a focus on neighborhood association involvement." It says
"focus on.: It doesn't say exclusively that they all have to be—"including
greater age diversity and better renter/homeowner balance." Within that
framework of "a," we would also be seeking some candidates who would
hopefully offer the two things you are seeking.

Council Member Wolbach: That was the amendment.

Council Member Berman: I see where you're going with that. Yeah, I still
have concerns, because I have concerns that younger people and renters
aren't as involved in neighborhood associations as older people and
homeowners. I do appreciate the compromise. I'd go with that with my
concern stated that ...

Council Member DuBois: I think so.

Mayor Holman: Can I offer an amendment to the original motion which
might address this. I was going to suggest that we eliminate the word
"association," because people can be involved in neighborhoods any number
of ways without being a part of the neighborhood association. Not every
neighborhood has an association. If we just eliminate the word.

Council Member DuBois: I think both of those amendments are acceptable.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion in Part A, “including” after
“neighborhood association involvement.”

                                                                   Page 128 of 136
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 8/17/15
