                             MINUTES
customer's monthly utility bill. The Our Palo Alto app was available for
download. He read an email from a customer who appreciated a City
repairman's service. Palo Alto firefighters would read to students in honor of
Read Across America Day on March 2, 2015. City Staff and Cubberley
Community Center tenants would host Cubberley Community Day on March
28, 2015.

Oral Communications

David Carnahan, Deputy City Clerk, reported the City was searching for
applicants to fill three terms on the Human Relations Commission, three
terms on the Public Art Commission, and two terms on the Utilities Advisory
Commission. He reviewed requirements for each Commission. Deadline for
applications was March 3, 2015. Terms began May 1, 2015 and ended April
30, 2018.

Stephan Rosenblum presented a petition signed by 155 people asking the
Council to divest City investment funds from utilities that consumed coal and
from investment banks that financed fossil fuel extraction. The Council
could accomplish this by directing Staff to do so.

Stephanie Munoz spoke about the sale of the Maybell property and the
closing of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. Tearing down the Palo Alto High
School gymnasium was a waste when it could be utilized for many purposes.

Mila Zelkha, Palo Alto Forward Steering Committee, believed funds set aside
for Buena Vista Mobile Home Park marked the beginning of a renewed
community discussion of preserving the property for affordable housing.
Palo Alto Forward had partnered with Friends of Buena Vista and looked
forward to supporting the discussion.

Elaine Uang indicated many livability challenges could be managed through
better mobility policies. Residents needed all types of transportation
options. She requested the Council consider better incentives for buildings,
new and old.

Wynn Grcich spoke against fluoridation of drinking water.       She provided
studies indicating fluoridation caused genetic damage.

Minutes Approval

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the Minutes of November 10 and 17, 2014.

Vice Mayor Schmid requested timely return of Minutes.


02/17/2015                                                              117- 5
