                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Wolbach: First, thank you, Council Member Kniss, for
allowing me to attend as your alternate to the VTA Policy Advisory
Committee meeting last week, at which I had the opportunity to ask VTA
Staff a couple of questions directly related to this. How do we proceed? It
was good timing right before this meeting. I asked VTA Staff if it would be
useful to have a "kitchen sink" approach, where we include everything we
might possibly want. They said affirmatively yes. I asked if that would
include items for which funding has already been identified. They said, "Yes.
Still include those." I also asked would it be useful for us to identify
priorities among those. They said affirmatively yes. The more information
the better. In that context, I'd like to talk a little bit about some of the
priorities that I have as well. I'm also not ready to make a motion, but I'd
like to mention a couple of things that I think are worth serious
consideration. First, actually I'd like to say thank you to Council Member
Burt for your comments in pointing out how many people from other parts of
Santa Clara County come to Palo Alto, and thank Staff for helping us get the
research to support that. This is really important politically when we're
talking to Supervisors or Council Members representing San Jose. I've heard
asked out loud, "What does Palo Alto need?" What we need is to work
together so that—talking to somebody from San Jose—when your
constituents come to work, they have an easy time getting here, and they
have an easy time getting home. They can spend more time with their
family and less time stuck in traffic and have a better quality of life. It really
is not just about our own residents, improving transportation to and from
and within Palo Alto and north Santa Clara County. It really does benefit
people from throughout Santa Clara County. I think that's really important
to remember throughout our negotiations and conversations with others in
the county including our friends at the Leadership Group and from San Jose.
First, actually I'll mention something that I think we should not include.
That is Page Mill Road widening. I am not 100 percent opposed to the
widening of Page Mill Road maybe at some point with appropriate study.
However, the idea of doing a very expensive widening of Page Mill Road,
when we haven't really done a full study of the alternatives, I can't support,
I don't think we should be supporting. If it were a project that were funded
with Federal funding, my understanding is that a better alternative study
would have been required as just due course, because the Federal
government doesn't want to waste money without making sure it's the best
way to spend money. Because there isn't Federal money earmarked for that
project, the Page Mill Road study did not look at the alternatives very
effectively. Remember that Stanford Research Park is really a huge chunk of
the traffic that goes down Page Mill Road leading to the admittedly terrible

                                                                          Page 81 of 136
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/17/15
