                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Thanks again and to the work of the Group. You
did turn this around. Thanks to Policy and Services. I saw they had some
really good responses that they had you guys include into this.

Council Member Burt: When we look back at what California has done 30-
plus years ago with Title 24, I think it is, legislation and all of those
progressive maneuvers and initiatives that ended up driving better building
practices have now been adopted nationally and now widely recognized to
have been very cost effective in the long term. This is in that same path.
The State continues to move forward. We looked at what things we could do
sooner that would not have any significant negative impacts. We felt that
we could do these. It's a good measure, and it's going to be sound practice
for the long term. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I have one, maybe two things. One is I would like to add
an Amendment. I’m doing this because of the various reasons that you
brought up and that I brought up.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return with updates to these
Ordinances including any concerns generated by the Ordinances within
eighteen months.
Council Member Scharff: That's fine.

Council Member Burt: Can I ask Staff a question?

Mayor Holman: Sure.

Council Member Burt: We had the update to the Ordinance coming, so this
would add just a review of any unintended impacts. That could just be
folded in with the update of the Ordinance?

Mr. Pirnejad: If that would meet the intent. Our hope would be that we
could bring back the Amendment. It would be a little bit longer than a year,
if that'd be okay. It would be about a year and a half, but we could bring
back a summary in advance of that, if that would please the Council. Our
intent is to bring back a new revised Ordinance in a year and a half which
would fall in line with this next Code cycle.

Council Member Burt: If the Amendment could be revised to 18 months,
that would be most efficient.

Mayor Holman: That's okay with me.

Council Member Burt: Accepted.

04/20/2015                                                           117- 342
