                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Just briefly. Again, I just wanted to thank you for
your effort on this. I think it's high time we did this. I'm really pleased
we're moving forward on this. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, speak to your second.

Council Member Wolbach: I think, as Staff has explained, this has already
been applied to restaurants. I'm glad that we're continuing to push this
issue and push the envelope on reducing the most environmentally harmful
things that Palo Alto adds locally or globally. When the issue of cost comes
up, I think it's important to definitely think about costs. When we're talking
about environmental issues, costs are really important, the externalized
costs included. I think if we're going to talk about the cost of something, we
need to talk about all the costs, whether those are borne by one group or by
another. I also really want to commend Staff for doing the outreach to the
retailers and other businesses in town and for seeking their input, their
advice. There were a couple of comments made by at least one member of
the public about the need for education and enforcement. I would say, "Yes,
and those are important too." I appreciate the efforts that you've taken in
the past with Styrofoam, with the current application and also with the
plastic bags. I think it's worth repeating that our preference has been for
education rather than a zero tolerance enforcement policy. I think that's an
important model going forward, to be collaborative with our business
community.

Mayor Holman: Do you have a comment? Julie, your mike's on.

Ms. Weiss: I'm sorry?

Mayor Holman: Your mike is on. Did you have a comment?

Council Member Berman: She's just ready.

Mayor Holman: Poised. I had had lights from Council Member Filseth, the
Vice Mayor, Council Member Berman and Council Member Burt. If that's
agreeable to the Council, I'll just continue in that order. Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly. When my kids were younger, we used
to go out with the scouts every once in a while and cleanup the Bay shore.
This stuff is just all over the place out there, especially the beads and the
peanuts and coffee cups and stuff like that. This stuff never breaks down,
unlike other kinds of litter that we've talked about. It's going to be there
forever. You look at that and you go, "We just shouldn't use this stuff." I'm
really happy to see you guys doing this. I think, as somebody else pointed
                                                                           Page 61 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
