                         TRANSCRIPT
upload of all the data into open data it might be a good time to do that,
because we have this great tool. You're right; we were the first city to do it.
I don't think it's very well known, what it is, how it can be used, even
including our City Council and Staff. If there's a way you can work in a
Budget on the road with the open data utilization, that would be great, or
find some way to do some kind of tutorial or something for Council and the
public. It's a great tool. It's wonderful, the capabilities it has. Just two
quick things. In addition to that, this is just for the Finance Committee to
look at with City Staff. I won't take longer than that. One is to look at beat
police, especially in the Downtown and California Avenue areas, if that
requires reassignments or additional staffing. Safety is one of the primary
obligations of City Council and the City. We do occasionally have issues
arise, so I'm wanting to know what it would take to get some beat police at
critical hours. Dennis Burns will have some input on what those hours are.
Other people will have input on what those hours might be to create a safer
environment for us. I would appreciate Finance taking that issue up. Also,
if we need to move forward with having our redundant power source, if we
need to have some kind of Budget line item to help us move that forward,
look at what we might do, if there are sharing capabilities with our
communities so we might share that source with another community as well.
Let's see what we can do to move that forward. It's been several years now.
We've talked about it, and we haven't made any progress in terms of
implementation or creation of that. Lastly, I was glad to hear that you have
special events coordinator added back in. We had one many years ago and
haven't had one for a good long time.           I know that we have some
organizations and individuals that help support community events. Stanford
Credit Union has been very generous this year and in years past. We need
to look at also having some additional cultural events that build on the
Healthy City Priority that we have. I don't know if that requires any kind of
line item addition or not. It depends on what kind of outside resources or
private resources that have been volunteered or offered to the City. That's
all I have. Vice Mayor Schmid, your light is on. I was hoping to keep this to
non-Finance Committee Members, because we are at 8:00.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just very quickly. I want to thank my colleagues who
are not on the Finance Committee for their ideas that we can carry forward.
Looking forward to the open source. One other thing. I've had a couple of
people come up to me and ask, "When can I go to a Finance Committee
hearing and hear a department budget?" If we could make the agendas
clearly available on the City Council website. If we could give some notion
of each agenda, how long each department discussion might be. If people
are interested in a specific department, they can have a general idea of
when that might take place on what date. That would be very helpful as
part of the reach out. Look forward to May.
                                                                          Page 13 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
