                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We return then to the substitute motion. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Originally the motion was nonresidential, nonretail,
which I think I was more open to. I would like to know why the shift to
office, R&D? Are there other commercial uses that you do not want to limit
as part of that? That seems very limited.

Mayor Holman: Since I offered the amendment, I'll speak to that. Yes,
because there are personal services also that you're going to have swept up
into this.

Council Member Dubois: There's a whole bunch. There's medical. Again,
you've really narrowed it dramatically, which is part of the problem I have
with it.

Mayor Holman: I'd be happy to add medical to this, medical office.

Council Member DuBois: If it was nonresidential, nonretail, I think I would
be happy. The other concern I have is I think we just abdicated a major
decision to the CAC in a way that we have not asked them to do on any
other Element. Largely what they're doing is looking at red lines and
highlighting where there's disagreements.     We're going to have them
evaluate our annual growth limit. That's a much bigger project than, I think,
anything we've given them. What's that?

Council Member Burt: Much more policy (inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I just don't think the CAC is the right place
for it. Maybe Policy and Services.

Mayor Holman: The prior motion said to direct CAC to look at pacing
mechanism for nonresidential growth. That was accepted.

Council Member DuBois: It kind of evolved. I think we were really thinking
it was going to be part of the EIR that Staff would look at and would
evaluate a range. Again, I'm not going to be supporting the substitute
motion for those two reasons.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Can I ask you a question about the numbers,
before I get into my main question here? I'm looking at the Planning
Director's memo. If I add up the numbers here which are 1.539 million
square feet of nonresidential developments in the nine monitored areas ...

                                                                     Page 111 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
