                         TRANSCRIPT
unanimously with Council Member Filseth absent, Council Member DuBois
not participating.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 DuBois not participating, Filseth absent

Mayor Holman: We will discuss wastewater and refuse rates as well as the
remaining portions of the 2016 budget including the remaining portions of
the Police and Fire budgets and the CIP budget. Because this could be
extensive, why don't we allocate five minutes a piece. If we need to do
more than one round, then we can do that.

Council Member Wolbach: We heard some discussion about AEDs. What is
the necessity and possibility of including additional funding? I heard the
number of 50,000 proposed. What would be necessary or is it appropriate
to do that this evening? I'd like to hear from Staff or Members of the
Finance Committee.

Mr. Keene: To include it in the budget would take Council inclusion of it in
any Motion that you would be making for approval of the budget.

Council Member Wolbach: Any thoughts from Colleagues, particularly from
the Finance Committee, regarding the idea of an additional 50,000 for AEDs?

Council Member Scharff: We should definitely do this. If you have a heart
attack, response times are the critical issue. If an AED is next to you, you're
going to live. If it's not, you're probably going to die or have permanent
damage. In terms of the small amount of money that this costs, $50,000, if
it saves one person's life or saves one person from a debilitating stroke or
something where they have issues in terms of the medical care, it's just the
right thing to do. We should do this.

Council Member Wolbach: Before making a Motion about that, my hope is it
will be popular. Following the Stanford one, if there are any other items that
Council Members would like to discuss that require Vice Mayor Schmid and
myself to recuse ourselves for, I would encourage that those come forward
soon so we can hop out of the room while any potential conflict issues are
handled, then we can return for the rest of the discussion.

Council Member Scharff: I'm thinking of the most efficient way to do this.
Maybe we should make the Motion on the AEDs, if you're interested in doing
that. Then we can get that on the board and done. Mayor Holman, how
would you like us to do this? So we get stuff out of the way and we don't
come back to stuff. That's what I'm thinking.



                                                                         Page 34 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
