                         TRANSCRIPT
old. Then I moved for $1,600 a month into a two-bedroom rental house in
Old Palo Alto, an ADU, an accessory dwelling unit. In 1997, when Natalie
was 5, I inherited enough to buy a small house in Southgate. In those days,
you could do it on a limited amount of money. Here we lived and thrived for
the past 18 years. All that would be almost impossible now. Now I am a
successful senior, but as part of a population that is exploding in size, the
seniors, I want to see the City proactively plan for an increase in its senior
population and add more small and other living units for both seniors and
those who care for them, which is what others have spoken about at this
point. We are the heart of Silicon Valley, known for its focus on the future
and innovation. We live near Stanford. We need urban/suburban solutions
to the housing crisis we face, neighborhoods with housing of different sizes
for many people, single and family. Don't let Palo Alto become another
gated community with no gate. Palo Alto must plan for a major change in
housing in the next 15 years. Please focus the Land Use Element of the
Comprehensive Plan on how to increase housing options for different groups
and to make it a healthy future for this community. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Susie, excuse me, Susan Dennis to be followed
by Steve, I believe it's Downing.

Susan Dennis: Evening. Thank you all for being here and listening to all of
the community input. I'm Susan Dennis; I'm a resident of Crescent Park.
I've lived here for 24 years. I'm here to speak about expanding housing
options, as has everyone else. In particular, I'd like to address encouraging
accessory dwelling units, being small, full service dwelling units with
bathrooms and kitchens both. In order to do this, I see that we need to
further ease the current restrictions that we have including revisiting the
setback requirements, lot coverage, parking requirements, among other
things. Many lots in our community could be developed successfully both
preserving the neighborhood feel and privacy, even when they are currently
not in compliance with the zoning restrictions needed for sufficient accessory
dwelling unit. I also see that we need to streamline the process so each
individual doesn't have to reinvent the wheel and instead has advocates on
the Staff to help see you through the process. This will require creative
thinking and looking to other communities that have successfully done this
already, Portland among many others. It'd be good to keep our community
intact and varied and give the older generation another option to remain in
place. We don't want a reprise of what happened about 15 years ago when
we lost 25 teachers in a single year from Jordan Middle School, because the
housing options were too limited and too expensive. I know you can't do
anything about land cost, but you do have the power to do something about
land use. I would just like to speak for in-fill development. I am not yet a
granny, but I hope to be, and I would very much like to remain in the same
                                                                       Page 42 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
