                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not believe that was feasible for an Interim
Ordinance. It would inform the Comprehensive Plan discussion. A fiscal
analysis for an Interim Ordinance would delay or kill the Interim Ordinance.

Vice Mayor Schmid understood the PlaceWorks contract extended for 12
weeks from the beginning of March. He inquired whether PlaceWorks' report
would be available prior to the Summit.

Ms. Gitelman did not believe it would be complete; however, she was hoping
to have a preliminary analysis of trends.

Council Member DuBois noted defining and evaluating issues as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update was not explicitly stated in the Motion. He
asked if the Council would entertain another Motion for issues to consider as
part of the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Mayor Holman reported the Council would discuss short-term items first
because of possible conflicts.

Council Member DuBois asked if the Council would have another chance to
consider items as part of the Comprehensive Plan Update.

Mayor Holman would have to review the Agenda for a future discussion.

Ms. Gitelman intended the interim strategy to be considered as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update. The Council had not mentioned whether other
alternatives should be included in the Comprehensive Plan Update. She was
not aware of a time when Staff could receive that direction as future
Agendas were filled.

Council Member Burt stated Staff had a range of alternatives that would be
discussed at the Summit. The Motion did not limit those.

Ms. Gitelman stated she would be happy to create alternatives that could be
analyzed in the Comprehensive Plan. The Council should raise issues for
Staff to study as part of that effort.

Council Member Burt believed the Council needed a process to educate the
community on the context for a set of alternatives before requesting the
community's opinions. He hoped the Summit would be an educational
process and the beginning of a discussion about the nature of the
Comprehensive Plan and proposed changes. He expressed concern that
Staff was attempting to accomplish too much in one Summit.

Ms. Gitelman reported it was premature to expect the community to
delineate and make choices at the Summit. The idea was to frame some of

03/23/2015                                                            117- 144
