                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: If the house burns down, if it's flooded out, any of
that, eaten by termites overnight, any of that kind of stuff, they can replace
it.

Ms. French: We say that's the act of the Devil, but I don't know.

Council Member Scharff: I got that. I just wanted to support what Council
Member Burt said earlier. I especially thought it didn't make sense when
you were sort of hemming and hawing over if they remove the deed
restrictions, it's actually harder because you'd then have to do 70 percent.
Whereas, if you don't remove the deed restrictions, it would be 60 percent.
That clearly told me that we have an issue there. I think at some point we
should definitely take that issue up.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks everybody for staying so late. I think
you've already said it, Amy. The other side of Greer is already in the single-
story overlay, so we're talking about one side of the street.

Ms. French: Correct. In this map, you'll see it has an "S" here at the Van
Auken Circle.

Council Member DuBois: To me, the only question is really what boundaries
made sense. I don't think we want to kind of gerrymander a district. I think
we got a letter from the public that said if we took out those two streets, we
then have 14 other homes that are potentially behind two-story houses. I
think the whole thing kind of falls apart. I'd support the Staff's motion. I
think, again, this is basically an SSO connected to another SSO. It turns
into kind of one large SSO, and I kind of see the logic of that. I think that
makes a lot of sense. I would say that I know there's a minority here that's
not happy with the majority. I think it's basically an exercise in shared
neighborhood trust. You guys are basically putting constraints on yourself,
and you're kind of all participating in that. I think hitting that threshold of
60 percent—you guys hit 72—I think we need to respect kind of the large
number of people that are asking for this. I understand some people aren't
happy, but I think it's the right thing to do. I support the motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you everybody for staying so late. This is
not a happy moment for me.         I understand that some folks in the
neighborhood are going to be happy about the result, but I think a
considerable amount of people are going to be very unhappy about the
result. This is a serious thing. A lot of the folks who came and spoke in
                                                                          Page 128 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
