                          TRANSCRIPT
single-story overlay improves value; it certainly doesn't cut it.        It doesn't
reduce it. Oddly enough having the word park—go ahead.

Mayor Holman: Thank you so very much. Our next speaker is Dorrit
Billman, to be followed by Richard Billington. When you hear your name, if
you'd come forward, that would be great.

Dorrit Billman: I'm Dorrit Billman. I'm speaking in favor of restoring the
original larger area. We all knew about and accepted the covenant when we
moved into the neighborhood. By our acceptance, we helped to create and
maintain a shared, common resource of the space. The space shapes the
neighborhood to the extent that houses agree not to impinge on each other's
privacy and on each other's line of sight and sunlight. That creates a shared
value for the neighborhood. I believe that's extremely valuable and should
continue to be supported.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you.     Richard Billington to be followed by Nanci
Howe.

Richard Billington: Hi, Richard Billington. Thanks for taking all this time this
evening. We've lived at 1020 Amarillo for 15 years. We raised two children
in that house, both of whom are adults now. The house has an additional
bathroom that was added properly, etc., so we have a three-two. It's a
small house. If we wanted to, we could add another 200-600 square feet as
I can easily see how to extend the boundaries if we were to want to. I'm
opposed to the addition of second stories to these homes as it destroys the
character and intentional design of the entire neighborhood. I also think it is
unnecessary as ample additions can be made without adding a second story.
When we bought our house, we were given a copy of the covenant
concerning the houses around us, and we were told it was still binding. The
issue is that this neighborhood was designed in such a way that the houses
and their properties are all private to each other, given the single story and
the fencing. Anyone putting a second story on their house changes this for
all their neighbors, any of them whose properties would be overseen by that
second story. I love this neighborhood as it stands. The low '50s modern
houses nestled into their surrounding trees and other plantings are a
pleasure to walk amongst. The houses themselves are designed to be open
to the gorgeous place where we live. Floor-to-ceiling window walls make our
gardens an extension to our rooms. Having a neighbor's second floor
become a part of that extension destroys one of the most appealing aspects
of the neighborhood. I seriously wonder whether the real estate people who
are coming into that neighborhood and selling are representing today what
we were told 15 years ago about the character of the neighborhood. Thank
you.

                                                                           Page 112 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
