                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Burns: With regard to the first line, it says Police/Fire admin, personnel,
and training. Personnel and training is a division for Police that has about
six employees working it. The fourth item down, EOC training room, that
would be one location as opposed to a division. The EOC is obviously part of
OES, Office of Emergency Services.

Council Member Burt: I concur with a number of my colleagues. I've got
real trepidation about the Colorado West Bayshore site. My concern is that
it is in the floodplain. We could elevate the building and address the building
itself, but it's the access to the building in the event of a flood that would
concern me the most. I do have concerns about the remoteness as well as
the appropriateness of putting the Police Building down at the LATP site. On
Cal. Ave., that's an interesting site. A couple of comments. I agree that
closing Sherman is problematic. My reason for real concern is, what's the
street right next to Sherman? By the Courthouse. Birch, no, no. Grant I'm
talking about. That's a one-way street. That means if cars are on Park and
need to get over to Birch, say to get onto Page Mill, if you close Sherman
and they're south of Cal. Ave., they have to go to Sheridan. Sheridan left
turn onto Birch is already a very dangerous spot, that I don't think left turns
should be allowed today. It's one of the most dangerous intersections there,
and not too many people dare to use it for that purpose, because people are
taking an off ramp from Page Mill at pretty good speeds. Unless you can
solve that circulation problem, I wouldn't go down that path on Sherman. If
it wasn't for that, I'd be open to it. That's not a high-volume street, but
there's a circulation issue in that whole area. Maybe there's some other
solution out there for it. There are a number of these issues that will be
coming up and that we've addressed in the past of why aren't we rebuilding
the site here, why can't we do it in stages, and all those different things. I
want to make sure that we're not only getting those formerly addressed
questions out there for the public. For many members of the public, this is
going to be a new conversation. It feels like Groundhog Day for a lot of us.
For others, it's going to be fresh. We're going to need to address all of those
things that sound like they're legitimate alternatives on the face, and there
are reasons why they've been considered several times and determined not
feasible. We're going to have to get that info and not just a FAQ list. We're
going to have to figure out a way that we push this information out there for
the public. At the Sherman site, have we had either consideration or
discussions with the County about shared parking? They have all surface
parking there. They have a lot of land there. Other than closing Sherman,
is there a possibility that we would build some structured parking that would
serve both their needs and our needs perhaps on their land? I don't know
whether they'd be open to it. They have a lot of land there that was laid out
in an era where the land value and criticality was lower. I did want to speak
to the Cubberley site. At Cubberley we have a lot more demand for that
                                                                         Page 41 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
