                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: I would recommend if the maker and the seconder of the
Amendment are in favor of holding off, that they withdraw this Amendment,
take up other items first and then come back.

Council Member Burt: Then return and put it back on the table?

Ms. Stump: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: So agreed.

Mayor Holman: We can do that.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER AND SECONDER

Council Member Scharff: Just to clarify, an Amendment needs eight votes to
pass, right? Otherwise it makes no sense.

Ms. Stump: As I understand the Council's goal to find out whether you will
have eight votes for an Ordinance at the end of the day, that makes a lot of
sense.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The definitions 85.101 add as the eighth category auto
dealerships. I can see where that's important to protect, but it puts them on
an equal plane. Stores on El Camino can turn into auto dealerships. A
question is do you think it's an open invitation that might be dangerous.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, are you trying to address auto services?
This is the question.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It says auto dealerships.

Mayor Holman: That's what you're saying it already says.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The Motion says that, yes.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. I think your question is
could another retail use be converted to an auto dealer if they're both on the
list. The answer is yes.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are we creating incentives to move to something that
we don't necessarily want?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know how to answer that question. I don't know that
we do or don't want auto dealerships or how many retail sites might be ripe
for conversion based on their size and location. That would require an in-
depth analysis that we haven't been able to do.

                                                                         Page 42 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
