                          TRANSCRIPT
If we could go through in a five-minute sequence of questions and
comments. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have a quick question for Staff. When County
Commissioner Joe Simitian was here, there was some discussion—actually I
guess it was Carl Guardino—about who put the ballot on the measure and
who would manage the funds. Does Staff think it would make a difference
to what would benefit Palo Alto the most, whether it was VTA or the County
Commissioners? (crosstalk) if you want.

Mr. Keene: No, I don't think we should—I think we just need to observe and
study that just a little bit more right now, before we could give you that
answer.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about the 179 million which I
think we addressed. I would just say whenever we're doing this financial
plan, let's really look at the timing of the funds. There's no way we could
spend all that money upfront, so we wouldn't have to incur all that interest,
fees and things. I think that was the difference. It was basically a lot of
financing.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: I sort of stated it before, but I think we need to be
really hardnosed and clear about what we want in a sales tax measure. If
you look at the San Mateo and Alameda County recent transportation
measure, I think they specified the percentage of the bond that would go to
different transportation projects. I think that's what we need to get. Not
some vague promises, but that a certain percentage will be spent on grade
separation, on local streets, on highways, whatever the different categories
are. So far I haven't really heard VTA talking quite that way. I mean, they
did talk about a cap on BART which is great, but I think we should really
push for a percentage of the bond for each category. Again, I think this isn't
just about Palo Alto residents; it's about Palo Alto and North County as a
major job center for the entire county. A lot of these projects would benefit
a lot of people. I'm really interested in what my colleagues have to say
about kind of the difference between the County or the City. I don't think
we want to do both, and I think that was kind of one of the options in the
Staff packet. I kind of see them as either/or. If we were going to do our
own, there's a lot of work to do, a lot of polling, to determine kind of exactly
what we would do. We're kind of running out of time. That's it. Short
comments, but I'm really interested in what my colleagues have to say.

Council Member Wolbach: Just a couple of things to start out with. On the
top of page 20 of the Staff Report, it references—it starts on page 19 and
                                                                          Page 41 of 70
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/13/15
