                         TRANSCRIPT
Tanov Parth [phonetic] is not here tonight. Moving on to third grade. Third
place, Hannah Kim [phonetic]. Is Hannah here? No Hannah. Second place,
Abigail Kim [phonetic]. First place, Lauren Lee [phonetic]. Fourth grade.
Third place, Annie Tran [phonetic]. Nicole Samara [phonetic]. Michelle Koo
[phonetic]. Moving on to fifth grade. Third place, Arlette Albert [phonetic].
No Arlette. Amanda Yoon [phonetic]. First place, Allan Lee [phonetic].
Congratulations everybody. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: That concludes the best part of our meeting this evening.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: We now move to our next item on the agenda which is
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We have none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: We now then go to City Manager Comments. Jim, follow
that act.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor. We have the at-
places memo that Item Number 10 on the Consent Calendar is being
continued until the meeting on the 14th, just so we're clear for the record.
That is the approval of Amendment Number 3 to the Palo Alto-Stanford Fire
Protection Agreement. We just had some continuing conversations with
Stanford on that. That being said, City Manager Comments. Excuse me.
Just give me one more second here. As the Council might have seen in the
packet release for the 14th and the announcement I sent out earlier today,
we have selected Rumi Portillo to serve as the City's next Chief People
Officer, to direct our Human Resources Department.          She's served as
director of HR for Los Gatos for the past ten years and has a 25-year career
in public sector human resources. Her appointment will come to Council
next week as part of the confirmation process. With your approval, she will
actually be able to officially start in mid-January. Streets and utilities
project coordination. I did just want to share that as much as the home
town complaining that we get about our street construction schedule and
coordination goes, we not only do listen but so does the rest of the world
pay attention. We did want to share that our project coordination system
was recently featured as a successful case study in best practice as part of
the Federal Highway Administration's Smarter Work Zones webcast series.
The project leverages our geographic information system, GIS, to allow
Public Works and Utilities Staff to plan and view projects over a minimum
five to ten-year horizon. The bulk of the webcast consisted of a presentation
by Public Works Engineer Murdo Nicolson Jr. highlighting the success of the
City system. This high level of coordination has helped enable our street
                                                                      Page 20 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
