                         TRANSCRIPT

fine with the motion. See if there's any other changes that people want to
make.

Mayor Holman: If I could throw one thing out there which is that co-chairs
we already have. That was, I think, determined at the last meeting, or at
least there's agreement by both chair and vice chair—are you already co-
chairs?

Male: We did not take action (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: That will be agendized. I think both chair and vice chair
have agreed to be co-chairs. That, I think, is taken care of.

Council Member Berman: I'd just like to offer two quick amendments.
Thank you, Council Member DuBois, for putting this together ahead of time.
Using criteria specifically focused on increasing involvement of more
neighborhoods south of Oregon Expressway, my amendment would be "with
a focus on neighborhood association involvement, greater age diversity, and
better renter/homeowner balance."

Council Member DuBois: I'm just going to say no, because I think I'd like to
have us vote on that one.

Council Member Berman: I'm sorry.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to have us vote on that separately, as a
separate amendment.

Council Member Berman: Then I'll need a second.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the end of Part A,
sentence one “greater age diversity, and better renter/homeowner balance.”

Council Member Berman: It's been pointed out that there are a couple of
inadequacies with the current composition of the CAC. Frankly, I think the
two biggest ones are the fact that there is at most 3 out of 20 people on
there who are 35 years old or younger, and that's at most; and that there's
at most one renter. I didn't look at my demographic data before the
meeting, but I'm pretty sure that residents under 35 make up more than 15
percent of the community. I know that renters make up a lot more than 5
                                                                    Page 124 of 136
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/17/15
