                         TRASNCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Undertaking the next item. I had lights from the Vice Mayor
and from Council Member Wolbach.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think Tom wanted to introduce his (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor is deferring to you, Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: On what? On prioritization? Is that the topic we're
on now? Okay. We had a good bit of a discussion under the Parks Master
Plan discussion about what's the appropriate forecast. I kind of wanted to
introduce two ideas. There's this hierarchy which is really, I think—Council
Member Burt characterized it. It's not meant to say you do everything on
Level 1 and go to Level 2. It's really a framework for relative priorities. I
think we kind of understand, but we'll need to develop language. It's not
meant to be absolute necessarily. It's really meant to address the issue that
we hear over and over that there's something in the Comp Plan for
everyone, so nothing has any weight. This is an idea of a way to give some
things relative weight to other things. In addition to that, at that same
meeting, Council Member Filseth passed out a quantitative model. I'd like to
bring that idea back in terms of not only this idea of kind of a diagram of
priorities, but also an idea of a quantitative framework that we can use and
maybe update along the way, to really understand impacts of the
Comprehensive Plan. I'm not suggesting that be necessarily within the
Comp Plan. I mean, we have a lot of other documents, like the Parks Master
Plan, child care services.        There's a whole bunch of supplemental
documents. Maybe this idea of a quantitative model, a high-level model, not
that it's a precise forecast, would be part of that. That gets me back to kind
of the first part, which is what's the appropriate forecast for housing, for
jobs, for population. I understand that's part of the Draft EIR. It seems like
we need to agree to what that is pretty soon. I like the idea of adding into
the introduction perhaps kind of two overriding goals for the Comp Plan.
One would be this kind of hierarchy, general framework of priorities. The
second would be this quantitative model. That's kind of my concept, and I'd
love to hear what my colleagues think of that.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just respond briefly. I think these are
both very important ideas. The idea of having a hierarchy that isn't
something absolute, but that helps kind of with the weighting and
consideration when decisions are being made in the future and also this
necessity that we tie our planning process back to some kind of quantitative
framework that we all agree on. Usually that is something that grows out of
the EIR process and is memorialized in the CEQA findings and kind of the
cumulative impacts assessment that happens. I think it would be unusual
for that to make it into the introductory section and to have that kind of

                                                                       Page 92 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
