                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Hackmann: Here's what I can tell you. There's actually a 2011 Hatch
Mott MacDonald study that looked at some two and four-track options. The
issue with the closed trench is once you cover more than 700 feet in length,
you need emergency exits and HVAC systems that make it a lot more
complicated. Covering less than a 700-foot segment for an open space area
or some sort of pedestrian crossing doesn't greatly increase the cost. When
you talk about covering the full length, it would be a significant increase.

Council Member Berman: 700 feet, so 230 yards. I'll do some math on my
own while other people are talking. I'm not sure. Then the question would
be how much open space do you need in between each 700-foot ...

Mr. Hackmann: I don't recall the exact amount, but it's at least 100 feet.

Council Member Berman: Which isn't that bad. I'm curious to know what
could one accomplish over 700 feet. I bet you could build a pretty nice dog
park, but are there other things that you could do. And bike trails and
running trails and that kind of thing. Where did we get the calculation that a
30-year 1/2-cent sales tax measure would generate 179 million of bond
revenue for Palo Alto? The reason I ask is—obviously they're not directly
correlated—Palo Alto makes up 3 1/2 percent of the population of the
county, and 179 million out of 6 billion is only 3 percent of the total sales tax
revenue that the County is estimating would be generated by a 1/2-cent 30-
year sales tax measure. I thought for sure we generated more than our kind
of population's share. That just seemed low to me. I could very much be
missing something.

Mr. Shikada: I was just going to comment that we've looked at it in a
number of different ways. That was not one of them. I think the reality
checking of the cost estimates really should be an ongoing effort. This was
our preliminary guess at this point.

Mr. Keene: I think we'd need to run some more analyses, because the
obvious 30-year yield in a kind of pay-as-you-go period is actually more
than that $179 million. That's based on thinking about having the money
right off the bat (crosstalk) bond it. The discount rate—obviously we're
getting into the present value of money. It's actually a lower figure, but if
we factored that in over time, they start to equalize.

Council Member Berman: What is the County's calculation? I thought they
were doing the same upfront bonding the money, but maybe I'm wrong on
that.

Mr. Keene: I think they were just running what a straight yield would be
over the time period, which would be very different.
                                                                           Page 23 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
