                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Yes, yes.

Unknown: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Now the public's chiming in. Please.

Council Member Berman: I'm fine with it in theory. I just wonder—I've got
lots of other thoughts also, but I'll stick to this—if we should just be also
submitting a follow-up letter to the VTA, a little more comprehensive of a
letter, that includes this but also includes the problems that we have with
the process. I mean kind of that we're submitting this under protest almost
or duress. Maybe if that would be an easier way to add this element.
Maybe ask the Mayor to work with Staff to draft that and come back to us,
or something like that to send it. I don't know if the maker and the
seconder of the amendment are open to that kind of process.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think this is great for the third discussion
of principles. I'm concerned that if we go down this route, there's a large
number of criteria. If we're going to add this, why don't add accessibility for
seniors, why don't we add travel efficiency. I'm not opposed to it. I just
think it's not well placed here right now. We could do something like Council
Member Berman suggested. If we have a bunch of criteria or guiding
principles, let's put those together and send them in. I don't think this is the
only principle.

Council Member Kniss: I gather we're thinking we really do know what the
community wants, and that this would be their very highest priority. I'm not
going to be comfortable until that group meets on what our Transportation
Element should be to predict exactly what it is that we want as a
community. I'm troubled about this practice. We've been asked tonight to
provide a list of projects; it didn't even indicate prioritizing. We have now
taken it several steps further without much input from the public tonight. I
don't feel comfortable supporting it.

Council Member Wolbach:            I would also probably support this as an
independent amendment or as an independent motion. I think Council
Member DuBois is right on the money that this is moving into Item 3 on our
recommendations. I was considering my amendment to be in the motion
that I'm trying to amend by Schmid to be really dealing with Item 2. I think
it's just a little bit cleaner if we separate them and vote on them separately
in that way.        I'd ask that we come back to this issue, vote on the
amendment and then vote on that, that main motion.

                                                                        Page 102 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
