                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Actually two panels. I was only able to catch one
of them, but doing a great job representing the City and demonstrating his
expertise. A couple of other real quick comments. Also got a chance to
meet the City Manager of Fort Collins, Colorado, who speaks very highly of
our City Manager, his counterpart. Reminds me how lucky we are. It's
always interesting to meet people from other cities and compare notes about
challenges, growth challenges, transportation challenges. One counterpart,
a Council Member from Cambridge, Massachusetts, which faces some of the
same questions and challenges we do suggested maybe we should set up
some video conferencing opportunities. It's always good to get outside of
our bubble and might be something worth exploring, setting up chances to
communicate with our counterparts in other cities that face similar
challenges. One thing that was very much highlighted this weekend were
discussions about the so-called sharing economy, specifically transportation
and also Airbnb and other short-term rentals. I know that's something
that's going to be coming back to us next year. Looking forward to having a
really robust discussion about that and potential impacts for our community.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I just wanted to basically report that
the Santa Clara County Cities Association is starting to actually get serious, I
think, over the next year about talking about how we set up a RHNA
subregion. I know that's of interest.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Scharff: A RHNA subregion, like they have in San Mateo
County. I don't know what the details of that obviously would be. I think
that we're actually going to have those discussions over the next year. I
also would support Council Member Wolbach's concerns about giving
direction on the VTA and understanding where they are on that. I think
that's an important issue for us. I think we as a Council should have that
discussion before he gets too far down the road after reading his comments
in the papers. I thought it'd be good to see it.

Council Member Wolbach:       Just to respond to that.    The short version is
we're trying to keep ...

Council Member Scharff: I didn't meant to have a discussion about it.

Council Member Wolbach: We're trying to keep our options open. Before
we narrow them down, that's when I would like seek feedback from
colleagues.

                                                                            Page 70 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
