                          TRANSCRIPT

the VTA power brokers. You've noticed already that there is an elephant in
the room. That is the VTA's plan for bus-only lanes on El Camino Real. It
isn't mentioned in the editorial this week in the Palo Alto Weekly. You can
condition your support for any ballot measure not only on the basis of what's
in it for you, but also on the basis of what is excluded for your benefit. Were
you to decide correctly that bus-only lanes on El Camino wouldn't be in Palo
Alto's best interests, then you could withhold support unless in a ballot
measure there is a provision which outlaws it not only for the new sales tax
revenue, but for the organization completely. As the Weekly pointed out,
this is the point in time when you have some leverage. If they need a two-
thirds and they're opposed by City Councils, they're not going to get it. If
they need 50 percent, we'll see how they play these cards. It'll be more
complicated. This is the time to take a hard look at bus lanes on El Camino,
because one bus will come along every ten minutes. That's every three
miles, and the rest of the time that lane will be empty. That's the center
lane. There'll be a station every mile for people to try to board those buses
in the middle of the road, and the remaining two lanes will be clogged and
crossing even El Camino will be difficult. I would urge you to take this
opportunity to, yourselves at 4 percent of the population, become power
brokers and get what you want. Thanks so much.

Cherie Jensen: Palo Alto Council, thanks for this opportunity to speak before
you. I sent you a letter so that I have outlined a number of things that I
have been concerned about. Primarily, we have a transportation agency
that has spent 86 percent of its money in the city that has 53 percent of the
population. They have ignored the North County; they have ignored the
West Valley. This means, to me, when I get on 280 to go tend my little
granddaughter in San Francisco, I have waited as much as an hour to get
from 85 to 280 going north to San Francisco. Now, this is absurd. Nobody
from VTA cares a hoot about the West Valley or the North Valley. We have
to deal with this issue, because we have been ignored. Highway 85 is a
complete standstill in the mornings in a whole lot of ways. We need new
interchanges. What they call the braided interchange from 85 to 280 has
four different sets of traffic crossing each other. How we ever get by without
having multiple accidents every day I don't know. We need to be strong
about this. San Jose has now taken the money that we would use for light
rail on 85 and put it from Alum Rock to Eastridge. Now the amount of
people going from Alum Rock to Eastridge, I could get on a jitney bus once a
day. There's no jobs except a few people who are in sales at Eastridge.
There's no jobs centered there at all. This is not a charity. Transportation is
essential for this economy to function. Please, we have to have rail or some
kind of a real transit system in the land that's available on Highway 85. If
                                                                        Page 54 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
