                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: As do I, without going into great detail about that. I
was somewhat surprised tonight, because I thought, "I know how this is
going to be viewed." If anyone's been watching us in the last several
months, this seemed to be somewhat evident. Let me look down at Staff for
a minute and ask. We're denying the DEE, do we also need to address the
FEIR?

Mr. Lait: To the extent that you're going to approve the AR application, you
would need to act on the FEIR and adopt the SOC first.

Council Member Kniss: Do we need to add that into the motion?

Mr. Lait: I don't know how you're doing this, with multiple motions or one
motion. I've heard (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: Why don't we get this one out of the way first?

Council Member Filseth: My intent was to get this one out of the way.

Council Member Kniss: Let's do this one first, and then we can come back to
that. We've spoken sufficiently to this. As I've mentioned several times,
there's too much subjectivity here, which made me very concerned. In
particular, following the direction that Council Member Scharff has laid out
tonight, so that we're sending a clearer message to the community, is really
important. I thought we'd been sending one, so perhaps we need to send it
more clearly. Perhaps we need to have a way to deal with it, whether it's
that council of the whole or whatever it may be, that allows us to send it.
That's an important one to put out there.

Council Member Burt: I want to respond to Council Member Scharff's
comment. That probably is a comment that is more appropriate to his own
shift than necessarily everybody else's shift in thinking. That's welcome. A
number of these things have been getting discussed by a number of us for
some time. One of the things that came up tonight was this 15-foot
allowance for mechanical. One of the speakers said this is a right of
developers to have 15 feet for mechanical. That's another example of
something I've brought up before, that we ought to get fixed. It shouldn't
be something that far exceeds a need, and then we start having an
intimation that that's a right for a project to have that much. That's another
example. We also need to tighten up what we have as allowances for towers
and where they are permissible or necessary. For example, extensions on
elevators, we have the public that also has been construing that somehow
that's violating our Code, to allow that kind of necessity. It's always been
the sort of thing that has been not only permissible, but needed by design.
We're misleading the public into them thinking that that's some form of a
                                                                       Page 89 of 103
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/1/15
