                     ACTION MINUTES
8.      Proposed Expansion of Palo Alto's Plastic Foam Ordinance (Ordinance
        5039).

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to support the proposed Ordinance amending Palo Alto Municipal
Code Chapter 5.30, “Plastic Foam and Non-recyclable Food Service Container
and Packing Items”, and direct Staff to return to Council on the Consent
Calendar as soon as practical for adoption of the Ordinance.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Wolbach suggested a future discussion of El Camino Real
and Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) along with possibilities to improve service along
El Camino Real. He reported his attendance at the National League of Cities
Congress of Cities in Nashville, Tennessee last week. He appreciated the
opportunity to reconnect with former Mayor Yiaway Yeh at the conference.
He reported that Development Services Director, Peter Pirnejad, participated
in multiple panels at the conference and represented the City well. A Council
Member from Cambridge, Massachusetts suggested Council Members from
different cities across the United States could benefit from video conferences
between different cities to share knowledge and ideas. Several discussions
at the conference related to the sharing economy.

Council Member Scharff reported Santa Clara Cities Association is exploring
the creation of a marina sub-region. He offered support for holding a
meeting to discuss El Camino Real and Bus Rapid Transit (BRT).

Mayor Holman reported her attendance at National League of Cities
Congress of Cities and also appreciated reconnecting with Mr. Yeh.
Nashville, Tennessee recently elected its first female Mayor. She reported
transportation, housing and the sharing economy are issues for most cities
across the country. She reported on an incubator-maker space in Nashville.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 10:07 P.M.


                                                                           Page 4 of 4
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 11/9/15
