                         TRANSCRIPT

cutting in and coming back. Is that part of Phase 2? What exactly were we
doing? I couldn't quite follow it.

Ms. Syed: Improving the transition from Churchill to the existing Caltrain
bike path is part of the Phase 2 proposal. We are also working on more
near-term improvements to clear up some of the landscaping on the school
side to make that more seamless. In the long term, what we're proposing
with the Phase 2 project is to double the width of the bicycle and pedestrian
crossing of Caltrain. The road would stay the same width as it is today, but
we would have a doubly wide path with separate spaces for bicycles and
pedestrians that would connect to the multiuse trail and facilitate those
movements in any direction on the path.

Council Member Scharff: It would be seamless then to drive through. You
arrive on the path and you could go right or left without having—okay.

Ms. Syed: Yes.

Council Member Scharff: That's great. I had a similar question with the 101
bridge. The Midtown connector feasibility, that was going to come down and
be close to where that bridge is going over. Right or not?

Ms. Syed: Matadero Creek is north of Adobe Creek.

Council Member Scharff: Right. If that Midtown connector came down, was
that hook into where you could then come down and go to the bike bridge to
get over 101?

Ms. Syed: Yeah. Generally the concept has been that it's not cost effective
to improve both of the creek crossings. With our focus on the Adobe Creek
overcrossing, that the Matadero Creek connection would be an on-street
facility. There are many of our north-south bike boulevards. The last piece
would be adding the Adobe Reach trail connection which would reduce the
usage of Bayshore Road to make that last block or two.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. I also wanted to just comment briefly on
the bike share. I mean, I'm really glad you guys are focused on—I do think
the problem is that it goes to the wrong places, frankly. I mean, I think
that's fairly obvious. Are you coming back to us with it? How are you
planning on—people have talked about getting Stanford University, Stanford
Shopping Center, the Research Park. You could even have a couple of bikes
in Midtown, I suppose. I don't know if that would work. Are you going to do
a feasibility study? Are you hiring a consultant? How is that going to work?
                                                                       Page 17 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
