                          TRANSCRIPT
set—to talk specifically about transportation. This is about infrastructure
and funding that will go to counties and cities. It's to address some of our
highways and freeways, and also to address some local roads. That date
has not yet been set. The Governor has heard clearly from the Legislature
that this is a high topic and a matter of concern. It also dovetails with what
Senator Bell has, which is a proposal to increase the gas tax and other
funding opportunities. That is a priority to the City. We will keep you
closely updated on what goes on. As soon as the hearing dates are set and
the information's made available, we will pass it onto City Manager Staff for
the Council. Moving forward on legislation, there are a couple of bills that
the City has weighed in on in support. Once the City takes a position, we
make sure that Senator Hill is aware of the City's position, Assembly Member
Gordon, committee staff and others. In committee, we testify on the City's
position. A couple of quick bills to note. Something that has been presented
that is along the lines of the City's priorities is Senate Constitutional
Amendment 5 from Senator Hancock. That's to close the loophole of
commercial property owners. When Prop 13 went forward, there was a
loophole that commercial owners have been taking advantage of. This
Constitutional Amendment proposed to close that loophole. Constitutional
Amendments need two-thirds in both houses, and then it goes to the voters
for the next general election.        If this does not make it through the
Legislature, there will still be a signature gathering initiative. We will keep
you updated on that. Another topic that came up when we presented to the
Committee was Senate Bill 661 from Senator Hill about how airlines are
assessed. That bill is on hold, which means it is not moving forward this
legislative session. The bill proposed to take the assessment authority away
from County Assessors and give it to the Board of Equalization. There was
some concern about that bill and the impact on cities; however, that bill is
not moving forward this year. I mentioned Senator Bell's transportation bill.
That's being folded into the special session that the Governor's proposing.
There was also another bill of note, Assembly Bill 888 from Assembly
Member Bloom which regulates microplastics. That bill's moving forward.
It's gotten through the Assembly, and it's now on the Senate side. There's
additional updates that I won't get into, unless you'd like me to. That's in
the memo. I will happily answer each and every one of your questions.

Council Member Burt: Thank you for the update, Niccolo, and for your
discussion with us at the Policy and Services Committee. There's one item
that has come to my mind since we had our review of the plan at the Policy
and Services Committee. That's around what seemed to be at least an
oddity in the State conflict of interest laws. It seems like every couple of
years there's a legislative update. Are you aware of any on the horizon and
who's carrying that legislation, if there is one?

                                                                         Page 39 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
