                         TRASNCRIPT
presentation that we've prepared for Item Number 14, let me just talk a
little bit about the schedule that's attached to the item on the CAC
membership.       I draw your attention to the second part of the
recommendation there.       In addition to making the appointments this
evening, we're hoping that the Council will consider adopting a motion
affirming that the resulting CAC is well equipped to fulfill its role. It would
just be great for the CAC as a whole to have your endorsement after having
gone through this process of having to add members to get a more balanced
group. That's for your consideration when we get to the end of this balloting
process. Now, with regards to the schedule, we did attach a revised
schedule based on input from the City Council at our last discussion. The
main change is we had direction from you that we shouldn't try and jam too
much onto each CAC meeting. What we've done is peel that apart a little
bit, and every CAC meeting will really only address one subject or one
element of the Comprehensive Plan. The result is that the schedule extends
another four to six months into 2017. The other result is that we also have
time between the first brainstorming meeting about an element and when
the element comes back or the policies and programs come back to the
Committee for their review and action. We have time in there for a
subcommittee if the CAC would like to delegate a portion of their work to a
subcommittee as was indicated by the Council. I think at our last discussion
you suggested that we look at the process that was used for the IBRC.
Jeremy has spent a great deal of time looking into that, and we're prepared
to bring to the CAC a change to their rules that would allow them to do that
kind of off-camera subcommittee work. The subcommittees would still be
meeting in public, but it would allow them to get in deeper to some of the
subject matter than they would otherwise.          That's what's behind the
schedule changes. We're happy, of course, to answer any questions you
have about the CAC schedule or about the interaction between the two
columns, the CAC and the Council. We know there may be additional
opportunities or additional necessities for the Council to weigh in on some of
these topics and to give direction to the CAC. I hope we left enough space
on the right-hand column that that will be something we can add as the
need arises. As we indicated in the Staff Report, we're hoping that you will
as Council Members monitor the CAC's activity and, of course, let us know if
you think it's time to schedule one of those currently unspecified check-ins.
We'd be happy to do that. That's my presentation on this item. I think we'll
wait to hear back from you on schedule before we go into the slide
presentation for Item Number 14.

Mayor Holman: I do have one member of the public who has turned in a
card, Gabriel Lewis. You'll have three minutes.


                                                                        Page 72 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
