                             MINUTES
or even fees or charges. There were certain tax rules that corresponded to
them. The tax was designed to be collected irrespective of the amount of
water consumed. Citizens paid other taxes for which they might not receive
an immediate benefit.     As the Water District managed the basin and
attempted to keep that level high, wells in Palo Alto were relying upon value
in the basin and benefited from the recharge program that occurred
elsewhere in the basin.

Council Member Burt believed Palo Alto did not benefit equally to other areas
of Santa Clara County that actually drew water from those wells.

Mr. Fiedler reported those who drew water paid the State Water Project tax
and a groundwater production charge that paid for the total cost of service.

Council Member Burt stated Palo Alto residents received a miniscule amount
of benefit; other residents of Santa Clara County received a primary amount
of benefit. He inquired whether SFPUC charged the Water District or
customers in Santa Clara County for the reciprocal interconnect.

Mr. Fiedler explained that the Water District had the option to use dollars for
the water. However, over the past few years, the Water District kept a
record of the amount of water made available to SFPUC, because the Water
District could recover that at a future date.

Council Member Burt understood Mr. Fiedler to state that citizens of Palo Alto
received a benefit from the State Water Project tax. One of those benefits
was drought resilience or some ability to have a second water supply in a
drought. Mr. Fiedler's argument was that part of the reason Palo Alto
citizens paid the State Water Project tax was to obtain that benefit. The
Water District and customers received a reciprocal benefit for which they did
not pay Palo Alto citizens. It was a one-way dollar flow. He inquired
whether there was a relationship between Clean Safe Creeks, Measure B,
dollars and the State Water Project tax.

Mr. Fiedler reported the 2012 measure contained provisions that were not in
the 2000 measure. The 2012 measure included dollars to help pay for some
of the retrofit costs at the Anderson Dam. By and large, generally they were
separate.

Council Member Burt asked if the seismic retrofit served Palo Alto.

Mr. Fiedler indicated it could. Water from Anderson Dam could feed into the
Rinconada Water Treatment Plant to recharge along the western side of
Santa Clara County.


03/23/2015                                                             117- 120
