                          TRANSCRIPT
if I want to take on the risk of being the first city to try and do that and
face the lawsuits about that. I appreciate the City Attorney's Staff for
helping us understand the very precarious legal position that separating out
tipped employees would put us in. In general, the arguments that I've
heard as I've done outreach—I'd like to emphasize that there has been
quite a bit of outreach. City Council Members have visited with the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce—what is it? I can never remember what the
acronym is.      We've met with them.       We've received a lot of public
comment. We've had restaurateurs and other business members of the
community contact us. I think we've been doing a pretty good job of
outreach in the community. As Council Member DuBois pointed out,
especially if we're going to go beyond $11 an hour, I do support as I think
everybody on the Policy and Services Committee supported taking a phased
approach, doing it slowly over a number of years which provides an
additional opportunity to do greater public outreach and to do some
additional study. Going back to what I was mentioning earlier. The
arguments against raising the minimum wage focus around a few things.
One, that it will hurt teenagers because they won't be able to find jobs.
Secondly, that businesses will be forced to lay off workers because they
won't be able to absorb the cost of increasing the minimum wage or they
will cut back on hours or that businesses might just have to close. These
aren't very well supported by the economic research that's out there.
There are dueling studies. Thank you, City Clerk, for distributing to
colleagues something that I had which just identifies some of the key issues
and just some of the studies demonstrating the falsehood or demonstrating
that there's at least some academic research dismissing these claims.
There's one additional one I'd point out. There's a 2011 study by Sylvia
Allegretto, et al., showing that the common claim that raising the minimum
wage decreases teenage employment is not borne out by the research. I'd
also like to reiterate some points we heard earlier about who earns the
minimum wage. It is not just teenagers. A huge portion of people who
earn the minimum wage are the primary breadwinners for their families and
have kids and are well into adulthood. I won't go into citing all the studies,
but I just wanted to make sure that we have an understanding of what the
issues are. We've considered them. I've done some research, and I know
that over the next couple of years we'll all be doing more research in order
to make sure that we are doing the right thing. I think that waiting until
2018 and having a phased approach, again, gives us the opportunity to
make sure we're doing the right thing. If it turns out we need to course
correct in anyway, that gives us a couple of years to do that. I think that's
prudent. Its' reasonable. Also gives our business community a chance to
adapt gradually. I would also like to emphasize that in the Policy and
Services Committee we did have a discussion about the 15 by '18 goal and
how we wanted to work with other cities. We were very clear—we had a
                                                                         Page 32 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
