                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: The question would be, because we do competitive
bidding and we've talked about the signage for a long time, and I'm going to
presume it's being pulled off because it either looks like it costs more or
maybe it's not seen as necessary. I'm not sure exactly why it's been pulled.
My question would be was there another way you could have gone about
this. There's no question the signage here is pretty terrible. I had to figure
out to get into the police station when I first got here. It's puzzling and it's
hard to even figure out for people from the outside where you go into the
police station on the other side. I can't tell you how many times I've been
stopped at the elevator with somebody who's riding up and down trying to
figure out as they say, "How do we get outside? How do we get out to
where the street is?" It's very confusing. Never mind the stairs; I won't
even go there. So, those questions.

Mr. Keene: First of all, this component of the overall project has been part
of the project all along. It's not an additional or new cost. It's already
embedded in the $4.3 million project. This was the one outstanding contract
we had still to let and to come back to the Council. Obviously there could be
some questions about are there particular design elements or are there
concerns about the cost. Again it's really easy to miss this point of the first
time or non-occasional visitor to the building, even though it would be
hopefully not long-lasting. Trying to sign the police entrance better to at
least try to orient folks to coming into the department that way, rather than
wandering through City Hall and through the Council Chambers. This project
has all been about turning a building that was built at a point in time when
the goal was to keep the public out of the building. As I mentioned before,
being dedicated in 1970 in a university town at the height of all sorts of civil
disruption and disobedience, that's why there was nothing on the first floor
other than revenue collections. No public meeting space other than the
Council Chambers. Everything has been designed to do this. Obviously we
see the signage as maybe being looked at as the finishing touches and are
they necessary. We're here to work through this discussion with the
Council. Sometimes those last touches can make all the difference in a
project being complete and fully working.

Council Member Kniss: Really an attempt at trying to let the public know
that they are not only welcome, but once they get in the building they can
find out where everything is. They can actually get out of the building and
out to some of our retail offerings that are close by. I can't believe there's
anyone here that hasn't had to take somebody and say, "Come around the
corner with me and I'll show you how to get out of the building and out to
Hamilton."



                                                                         Page 19 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
