                             MINUTES
and housing costs. He had misgivings about excluding Stanford Research
Park and other parts of the City and imposing a cap exclusively on a few
areas.    Those areas were closest to transit.      The Council hoped new
developments would implement significant TDM Programs. Targeting a cap
at only a few areas of the City could focus growth in other parts of the City.
The Council should probably exclude from the cap types of development
such as nonprofit agencies, governmental agencies, and mixed-use projects
containing more housing than jobs. The Council should study fiscal impacts
and the impact on retail. Limiting office growth in Downtown, California
Avenue, and El Camino Real could stifle the customer base for retail. The
Council should consider whether to add those two studies to the PlaceWorks
contract.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Scharff, that the Cap would run until the adoption of the new
Comprehensive Plan or two years, whichever is sooner.

Council Member Scharff felt it was important to include a timeframe for the
cap should the Comprehensive Plan Update extend beyond its projected
deadline. The Council could consider changing or removing the cap before
extending it.

Council Member Burt stated that discussion would occur within the context of
the Comprehensive Plan. He did not want the cap automatically terminated
if the Comprehensive Plan Update extended past the proposed deadline.

Mr. Keene indicated the Council was directing Staff to return with
information. Staff could have some thoughts about implications for the
Council to discuss.

Mayor Holman felt an expiration of the cap was unnecessary.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman no

Council Member Wolbach wanted the Council to consider excluding specific
plans or precise plans.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to return with alternatives with
types of development that might be excluded from the interim Ordinance.

Council Member Berman asked if the Motion should contain language
regarding analysis of the fiscal impact of a cap.



03/23/2015                                                             117- 143
