                          TRANSCRIPT
school commute, speeds were unsafely high. The highest speeds have been
moderated. This is a very good thing, especially considering the increasing
numbers of middle school bicyclists, foot traffic who can be unpredictable
and impulsive in the choices they make while they commute to school.
Further, drivers have been perceptively more considerate about giving way
for cross traffic and merging traffic. Cyclists and foot traffic throughout the
day have markedly increased; they evidently feel safer. I do. Those of us
living in the south side of Arastradero neighborhoods have adjusted. We can
get in and out of our loop neighborhoods, and institutions are not landlocked
yet. Fortunately ...

Mayor Holman: I do need to ask you to wrap up please.

Mr. Mauriert: Okay. Please approve the Concept Plan Lines for hardscape
installation and make the changes on Arastradero-Charleston permanent.
The process has gone over for more than 12 years, far more long and
enough.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, sir. Apologies, and just we're trying to get
through everybody. Everybody will have two minutes.

Mr. Mauriert: I'm sorry. I'm kind of deaf; that's why I'm shouting at you. I
also shouted at you in large type and didn't mean to in the letters.

Mayor Holman: Understood. Thank you.

Betty Lum: Betty Lum, Suzanne Drive, Palo Alto. Thank you for the
opportunity to address you. I will keep it very brief, because Michael has
pretty much expressed exactly what I want to say. I just want to say that
these dedicated pocket lanes makes it easier for drivers to get in and out of
our neighborhoods. As Michael said, those of us in Palo Alto Orchards and
Green Acres I are trapped pretty much. We have no way out of our
neighborhoods. I think that this plan is quite an improvement over the
previous plans. I think we can safely say that this project, which has been
in the works for about ten years, will be about as successful a solution.
Thank you.

Andrew Voltmer: Hi. I'd like to encourage you to vote to support this
change to the Charleston-Arastradero Corridor. I've been a resident since
1999. When I first moved in, I was surprised at the speed at which traffic
traveled down the corridor. I'm within 100 feet of the Charleston-Nelson
corner. I've even seen cars drive through my neighbor's front lawn at one
                                                                        Page 84 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
