                         TRANSCRIPT

share them with your friends, share them wide and far and get folks to give
us their thoughts and feedback. We want to meet people where they are
and where they can review our plans most convenient for them. We're also
looking at a pilot program to use 3-D virtual reality kiosks to improve
outreach. This is something that's been used in San Francisco on their
better Market Street study and on a BRT project as well as by FEMA in Marin
County on sea level rise. It's a way to engage people in the immediate
project area, where projects are proposed. Putting out a kiosk which allows
the public to learn more about a project and answer a survey and provide
input right there on the spot. Those are generally our ideas. If anybody has
any others, we welcome them.

Council Member Berman: It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into it.
Are you guys also reaching out to your more traditional—the Chamber of
Commerce, the Downtown Business District, the Cal. Ave. Business
Association that doesn't exist but the leaders on Cal. Ave., the Stanford
residents association, and some of those types of groups to hopefully push
out communication through their channels?

Ms. Syed: Yes, definitely. Also on Nextdoor, just all of the different medias
that our community members are using.

Council Member Berman: Perfect, perfect. Josh, I think you'd mentioned
tactical urbanism as a possible way to get folks' attention. That caught my
attention. What kind of thoughts did you have in mind?

Mr. Mello: Before joining the City, I was fortunate to work on a project
down in Morgan Hill where for an entire weekend the downtown business
association and volunteers actually went out and repurposed two travel
lanes on Monterrey Road which is their main street downtown. They did an
expanded sidewalk on one side, and they did a protected bikeway on the
other side. They left it in place the entire weekend. We set up booths along
the roadway, little kiosks, where people could stop and give us feedback on
what they liked, which one they liked better, what some of the challenges
are. That's kind of the new practice in planning, to do these on-the-ground
demonstrations. It's hard to ignore. You get really valuable feedback. You
learn lessons in real time. You can actually evolve your plan in process.

Mr. Keene: I can just sort of add to that. This is sort of a hip, emergent
term over the past two years in planning, so not just in transportation
planning. Again, as Josh was saying, the idea of rather than having to go
out with a full-blown process and adopt a policy into a permanent thing, to
                                                                       Page 20 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
