                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor seconding. Care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Filseth: I do. The reason I think we should go back to the
current organization is not strictly that the new organization structurally is
an issue. It's the content that's been integrated into the new organization
that makes it complicated to parse that stuff out. I think the simplest thing
is to go back to the original organization. I'm concerned about the way the
new organization works in a couple of areas. The first is there's a lot of stuff
in here about this famous Palo Alto, the hub of the digital world kind of stuff
in here. It talks about our image as the global center of innovation and so
forth. I'm not sure this stuff belongs in the Comp Plan for a number of
reasons. First of all, I actually think this kind of stuff is pretty low priority
for most residents in town. We had a discussion earlier this evening on
infrastructure and a new Public Safety Building and repairing the Baylands
Boardwalk and stuff like that. I think that's what most people care about. If
we do these Town Hall meetings, which we did a couple this month, people
came out. They are concerned about traffic; they are concerned about
schools; they're concerned about parking and stuff like that. It's not Palo
Alto's reputation as a global center of innovation. I think that doesn't bubble
up to the top of the priority stack for most of us. The second reason is I
think some of this stuff is kind of fluffy. What does it mean, foster the next
generation of entrepreneurship? It's sort of hard to—how is that actionable
for Palo Alto? I think there's a risk that some of this is a fad. Who knows
what this is going to look like 20 years from now. The third and maybe most
significant is I think some of this stuff may be actually counterproductive.
There's a bunch of language in here about we should be a regional
employment destination, for example. I think some of the implications that
we're trying to grapple with in terms of jobs/housing ratios and urbanization
is the implication that we need to be competing with San Francisco for tech
startups. I don't think that belongs in the Comp Plan. The other aspect of
that has to do with City revenues. The current Comp Plan—one of the
discussions we're having right now is how do we finance City operations and
how much comes from residents and how much comes from businesses.
The current Comp Plan sort of has guidance on this kind of stuff. One of the
things we want to do is encourage a business community that actually
contributes to the City's coffers and pays taxes. A lot of the things you're
talking about with tech startups is contrary to that. They don't really
contribute to the revenue base of the City the way that some other kinds of
things do. I'm not saying that we need to discourage startups. I'm saying
it's an overreach to codify this stuff in the Comprehensive Plan. It's sort of a
technical one. The second issue I have with the current revised structure
has to do with the redefinition of the University Avenue area and especially
the California Avenue area, which redefines California Avenue as a business
center like University Avenue. I think it would be a mistake if we got out 20
                                                                          Page 71 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
