                          TRANSCRIPT
names. To what extent that plays a role in the construction cost versus the
cost escalation. I think there's some differences there. I also wanted to
understand—when we went into this, we thought if we'd just gone out for an
RFP—I'm going to make this number up—I thought it was roughly $7 million
to build the bridge. If we did a really nice bridge, we'd spend $10.4 million
or $10 million. That was roughly. There was that delta of a few million
dollars, $3 million in my mind, to get a nicer bridge. If a utilitarian bridge
costs $13 million, does that mean we're then at $2 million or $3 million for a
nicer bridge gets you to that $16 million that we're talking in that number?
Or is that completely false? I don't need you to answer those questions
now. Those are the kind of questions I wanted you to be prepared for when
we have that discussion. I just wanted to give you a heads up of how I'm
asking or thinking about it. I did want to say that I'm really glad we're doing
the IMS system. I think that'll be a critical component in making sure that
we keep up to date. That was the other promise we've really made to the
public, that we're not going to fall behind on infrastructure again. When I
looked at past Council elections, for 20 years basically, people have been
campaigning on infrastructure, saying we need to fix our infrastructure.
There were huge numbers, $400 million, $500 million. I don't know if you
remember that in the 2009 Council election. It was a huge number. You go
back and you read Mayors' speeches about how we're going to have a Public
Safety Building. I remember reading Larry Klein's speech back when he was
Mayor. We are going to do a Public Safety Building this year. I really do
think we actually have to get it done. I think those are really important
things to go look back and say, if as a Council and as a Staff frankly we lose
focus on infrastructure, we can easily let these things slip away. I just
wanted to push that. The other thing, I did want to feed off what Cory said.
I thought what he said was—I might not agree with it completely, what he
said about the Project Manager, but I think it's a really good point. You have
a proposed Project Manager here, which I'm really glad you're doing. It
seems to me that there's one job here that does different things and that
people will have incompatible skills for it. What this seems to be is maintain
that Infrastructure Management System, reporting to Council. It seems to
be a bureaucratic position, tracking stuff. Where we fall down—I'm going to
talk about the Mitchell Park Library a little bit—is we had no one on Staff
that had the skills to be a Project Manager. I know Project Managers. You
meet them; they run these big construction projects. There's no one that
had those skills. Focused that it's getting out of control too early, making
sure that everything's. Those people exist, but I don't think that's the skill
set. This is for people to basically say we're building a Public Safety Building
here.    There's the equivalent of hiring a construction manager who
understands how to run that. I actually think given the level of what we're
looking at here in terms of building a Public Safety Building, parking
garages, fire stations, all that, I actually think the amount—frankly, I don't
                                                                          Page 20 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
