                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I appreciate the interest in being efficient. At the same
time in the interest of not having heard from other Council Members yet—I
have a suspicion that everyone's going to agree with that—it's good to get
people's questions and concerns out there, if there might be competing
interests for dollars. We'll come back, and we can take these up one at a
time, if that's going to be a good way to go about this.

Mr. Keene: I hear a combination of the two things. Council Member
Scharff's idea is rather than having to roll everything up into one beautiful
Motion, to be able to segment it. You're saying let's try to identify the range
of segments that might be out there. You could still allow for a segmented
series of Motions. I'm assuming that the majority of what the Finance
Committee has done will be included in a Motion that the Council will
approve, then you'll have changes.

Mayor Holman: You said exactly what the intention is.

Council Member Wolbach: If I could clarify before my five minutes is up,
and maybe check with City Attorney. Again, following the example of what
we did with Stanford, would it be more appropriate for us to handle anything
that requires a recusal first and then handle any other issues or is it up to
us?

Mayor Holman: I don't think it matters what order. It doesn't matter what
order. When we take up single-story overlays, we'll have the recusals.

Council Member Burt: I'll leave single-story overlay alone for the moment.
On the CIP first, from the presentation and the Staff Report, it wasn't very
simple to see what actual changes we're having in the CIP, especially in the
General Fund and Cubberley portion. Could you review that? What's the
changes that have occurred year over year?

Mr. Rossmann: Sure. If you look at the five-year CIP for Cubberley and the
Capital Improvement Fund, the major changes on the Capital Improvement
Fund is for the Infrastructure Plan. The $126 million is incorporated now as
part of the CIP. It starts with funding for design for the Public Safety
Building and Fire Station 3, I believe, starting in Fiscal Year 2016, and it
ramps up. Regarding Cubberley, per the lease agreement with the Palo Alto
Unified School District, we are transferring now the former Covenant Not to
Develop funds into the Cubberley Fund, infrastructure fund. The primary
purpose in Fiscal Year 2016 for Cubberley is roof replacement as well as a
Master Plan to figure out what kind of improvements we should make. Both
of those items will come back to the Council.


                                                                         Page 35 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
