                          TRANSCRIPT

applicant did already want to spend a lot of money on doing all the detailed
plans and thought that that was the best way to make their pitch, I guess
this doesn't preclude them from doing that. This is, I think, actually useful
the more I think about this. This is useful because it suggests to them
maybe don't waste too much time on a project until you've gotten our
review, if you're planning on getting our review. I think that's a good
addition. Thank you, Mayor Holman, for that.

Mayor Holman: You’re welcome. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We're looking at the impact of words. 18.79.10(A) is
purpose, defining the purpose. I wondered if it's gotten us too narrow a
focus. To focus on purpose, scope, conceptual design rather than the
architectural drawings. I know the City Attorney's mentioned several times
that these preliminary hearings are a wonderful time to look at the general
impact on things. I wonder if it would be helpful to put between "scope" and
"conceptual" the term "impacts."

Mayor Holman: If you want the maker of the amendment to comment on
that, I wouldn't accept or wouldn't think it would be a good—not my job to
accept it. I wouldn't approve that because you're looking at concepts. You
don't know about impacts until you actually do the full-blown plans and do
the environmental analysis. Then it would certainly not be preliminary. I
should ask the maker of the motion. Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I defer to our Mayor.

Ms. Stump: Council Members, I would just point out that there is a catch-all
there, "and other similar matters," which is intended to allow you some
breadth in terms of the questions you wish to ask and the comments you
wish to make in this process.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Where is that?

Ms. Stump: After the words "conceptual design," it says "and other similar
matters."

Mr. Lait: I'll also add to your point. Item B ..

Council Member Schmid: Yes, I see it in Item B. I want "A" to be consistent
with "B." That's why it has been picked out in "A" to say that it's intended to
focus. Those are pretty strong words. It would impact how you treat "B."
If those words weren't quite so strong in "A," that would be fine.
                                                                         Page 52 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
