                          TRANSCRIPT

even greater tilt. It's not a rationale that's been discussed historically, and I
think it needs to be brought to the forefront. It's about supporting residents
and those residents going to and from their work. That would argue for
even a greater percentage of these dollars going to North County. If we're
going to try to adjust for the past deficiencies, which include dollars that
were allocated previously toward both Dumbarton Rail and the Palo Alto
Intermodal Transit Center which not only has the train traffic that we have,
but has approximately 1,000 bus stops per day. It is a number that is
mindboggling, and very few people including myself had historically
appreciated it was anywhere near that. It is a subregional intermodal
center, and needs to be supported that way. It's the tail-end of the VTA bus
routes. It's the SamTrans terminus, and it's east-west as well. It is a really
vital center. We had dollars allocated toward it in the prior measure, and
those dollars also never showed up. I just wanted to add those additional
points.

Mayor Holman: Looks like thank you for the support for this letter. It's
been a pleasure working with Mayor McAlister and all the other Mayors and
City Managers and smattering of transportation people from 11 cities on
this. It did require some back and forth, but we got there. I really do need
to mention Assistant City Manager Shikada and City Manager Keene, who
also have been very instrumental in some drafting and editing of this
document.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor. If I could just
probably state the obvious. In the collaborative and the study itself, it talks
about integrating future mass transit investments via such systems as
Caltrain as well as community-level systems and first/last mile strategies.
All of which are things that are very directly relevant to our City. I mean
Caltrain is not a static, established, fully performing corridor.          The
investments that we need to have in Caltrain were something in the course
of the meetings that we did talk about a lot. I would just say the—so that
there's no confusion—idea again of the study's initial focus should be on
Highway 85, U.S. 101, State Route 237, Interstate 280 corridors. That isn't
at all intended to mean, as the folks spoke on 85, that we're thinking about
roadway improvements in those corridors, but actually how to make the
system work better by not just relying on them as roadway corridors, but
realizing there have got to be transit alternatives through a network that
have got to be better developed. I think that's really important for us to
think about. We still will have some challenges as to how we look at how we
would knit together future transit investments in some of these corridors
with Caltrain itself and how we kind of close some of those linkages. Those
                                                                         Page 78 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
