                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman clarified that an RPP Program was delayed because
the Council continued to add initiatives to Staff's work plan. The Council
should attend to and provide resources for a TDM Program so that it could
be successful. Palo Alto should consider a cap for no net trips. A cap did not
address existing buildings, existing employers, and existing tenants. Council
Member Burt listed the many issues the Council would need to address in
implementing a development cap. Addressing those issues would require
thousands of man hours. The Council had identified many programs that
addressed the problems of parking and traffic.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to direct Staff to study and bring back to Council:

1. Methods for requiring new construction to meet target Single Occupancy
   Vehicle (SOV) rates;

2. Different revenue generating options from new building construction
   including development fees that can be spent on trip reduction efforts;
   and

3. Different revenue generating options from existing buildings potentially
   including fees on commute trips or square footage that can be spent on
   trip reduction efforts.

Council Member Berman believed the City had finite monetary and time
resources and major issues to be addressed. The Council should dedicate
resources to the programs and policies that would accomplish the most
good.    Methods contained in the Motion addressed concerns of the
community.

Council Member Wolbach remarked that precluding opportunities to
negotiate was nonsensical. The Motion focused Staff time on challenges
caused by development, excessive car trips, and intensification of use. He
favored slowing but not capping office development unless it was
accompanied by significant efforts to control transportation and housing
costs.

The City needed the business community as a partner in solving
transportation and housing problems. The Council should direct Staff to
return with options for retail protection.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to direct Staff to analyze the impacts of an annual
development limit on Office/R&D of 10,000 sq. ft. and 40,000 sq. ft. for the
draft Environmental Impact Report.

03/02/2015                                                              117- 44
