                         TRANSCRIPT
Corporation. Who, you might reasonably ask, is the Caritas Corporation?
The answer to that question is, you'll hear a bit more from them and about
them in a moment, Caritas Corporation is a 20-year veteran of just this kind
of exercise. Whenever anything happens in Palo Alto, we always think it's
an "only in Palo Alto" event. In fact, we are not the first community to face
this kind of challenge. It turns out, much to my surprise and delight, that
there are nonprofits out there around the state who specialize in acquiring
distressed mobile home parks; owning, operating and maintaining them as
permanent sources of affordable housing in the community. One such group
and the group that rose to the top at the County was Caritas Corporation.
They've been at it for 20 years. They have 20 parks around the state, close
to 3,700 park spaces. They have two of those parks here in the Greater Bay
area of northern California, so they are not strangers to our area as well.
The obvious question is, if you've got a partner, what is that partner
expected to do. The contract calls on this partner over the course of the
coming months to work to acquire the site, to reach a market rate purchase
and sale agreement with the current owners of the property so that we can
acquire the site and preserve it in perpetuity and avoid those evictions. That
leads to the obvious next question which is how would you pay for this site if
you could put a deal together. The answer is with funds from three sources:
County, City and a tax-exempt revenue bond which could be issued based
on the cash flow provided by the property. Individually, any one of those
would clearly be insufficient to the task. Collectively, we can and should be
having a serious conversation with the owner about what he wants to do
with his property and see if we can't get to yes. One other challenge we
face, I just want to put it right out there, because the owner has been
planning to either develop or sale the property, there's a substantial amount
of deferred maintenance. That deferred maintenance has a significant cost
attached to it, so that's another cost we have to consider and that's one of
the reasons we've been in touch with the philanthropic community to see if
that's an area where folks might be able to step up. Still a lot of questions,
a lot of twists and turns, but there is clearly a path to success. This is
imminently doable and we wanted to get ourselves teed up prior to any
decision you might make on May 26th, so that we can have an immediate
conversation with the current owners of the park. Thank you, Madam
Mayor. Thank you, Council Members. Following me, I think, depending on
the card order, will be Mr. John Woolley from the Caritas Corporation, their
Chief Operating Officer.

John Woolley, Caritas Corporation: Good evening, Madam Mayor and City
Council. Thank you for the opportunity to be able to speak to you this
evening. Over the past year and a half, the Caritas Corporation has become
aware of the myriad challenges that have engulfed the Buena Vista Mobile
Home Park. Owners have faced numerous obstacles in their pursuit of
                                                                         Page 2 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
