                         TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Gitelman: It certainly gives the City more flexibility. We would have
the ability to bring more projects forward to the Council. As the City
Attorney indicated, you would have the final say on whether that would be
an appropriate use in other instances.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Quick question. Will the City be titleholder?

Ms. Stump: There is no project before you tonight, Vice Mayor Schmid. The
only question before you is the permissible use of the Commercial In-Lieu
Housing Fund. There is no project about which I can answer that question.
I assume you're asking about a specific project, and we don't have a specific
proposal in front of us, so we're not able to comment on that.

Mayor Holman:     Council Members, motions?      Any additional questions or
motions?

Council Member Berman: I'll move that we adopt the attached Resolution
amending the City's Affordable Housing Guidelines so that the Commercial
Housing Fund may be used to support the preservation of existing housing
as well as construction of new affordable housing with the changes noted by
Director Gitelman earlier.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Council Member Berman: If those changes are necessary to be noted.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Berman, second by Council
Member Wolbach.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt a Resolution amending the City’s Affordable Housing
Guidelines to allow the Commercial Housing Fund to be used to support the
preservation of existing housing as well as construction of new affordable
housing including changes provided in the At Place Memorandum from Staff.

Council Member Wolbach: First, for City Attorney and also for the rest of
Staff. I did hear some concerns from the community, though they were not
very specific, that some of the language here might be problematic. I think
that the changes that we've seen address those concerns. I would just
encourage you to keep your eyes open for anything we might have missed,
dotting I's and crossing T's regarding this specific language just to avoid any
unintended consequences. Again, I think the changes proposed address all
of the concerns that I've heard. Also, just kind of a very short commentary
                                                                        Page 73 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
