                             MINUTES
Mr. Walters did not believe there was a need to temporally separate freight
and electrified trains. They could operate at the same time on the route.
Typically freight trains started their outbound runs in the early evening and
returned late at night. That would not change; therefore, the noise would
remain about the same.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if Caltrain had a permanent agreement that freight
would continue to move by diesel.

Ms. Lee answered yes. Caltrain had a trackage rights agreement with Union
Pacific (UP) separate from the Electrification Project. Caltrain was obligated
to support UP's service.

Vice Mayor Schmid reported that the County of Santa Clara (County) did
have a transportation tax, but the majority of those funds supported Bay
Area Rapid Transit (BART). He requested reasons for Caltrain not being an
active partner in negotiating funding with the County.

Ms. Lee explained that the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
as representative of the County was a member of the JPB. Caltrain could
join negotiations and coordinate with VTA if that would be helpful.

Vice Mayor Schmid commented that if Caltrain was committed to helping
with grade crossings, then it would have an incentive to negotiate for those
funds.

Ms. Lee recalled that Caltrain was discussing grade separations for Santa
Clara County with VTA and the Silicon Valley Leadership Group was working
on a ballot measure. Caltrain was open to engaging in a different way.

Vice Mayor Schmid recalled the statement that there would be a cost if
grade crossings occurred after electrification. He asked if Caltrain was
committed to helping the City with that cost.

Ms. Lee clarified that Caltrain's fair share would be determined with other
people contributing to the impact. That commitment was formalized within
the environmental document.

Mr. Walters added that the cumulative mitigation for traffic and possibly
noise noted fair share when sufficient funding could be identified.

Vice Mayor Schmid was disturbed by Caltrain reserving the right to claim
exemption from CEQA.




01/12/2015                                                             116- 303
