                          TRANSCRIPT
Study Session

1a.   Infrastructure Plan Implementation Update.

[Video begins with meeting in progress.]

Mike Sartor, Director of Public Works: Good evening, Mayor Holman and
members of City Council. I'm Mike Sartor, Public Works Director. We're
here tonight to present to you in a Study Session format a status update on
our Infrastructure Plan that was started off by the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon
Commission back in 2010-11.          Council Member Berman was on the
Committee at the time. It led to a Council Infrastructure Committee that
formulated an Infrastructure Funding Plan and a list of priorities. I'll turn it
over to Brad Eggleston, our Assistant Director of Public Works, to walk you
through the current status of the Infrastructure Plan. Thank you.

Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works: Thank you, Mike. Good
evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Just an introduction. I'm
sure you probably noticed that there are an awful lot of infrastructure
project-related items on the Agenda for your December 14th meeting, next
Monday. In preparation for your consideration of those items, we thought
this would be a very appropriate time to have an overall update on
infrastructure progress and the Infrastructure Plan.        As part of the
presentation, this is what we'll cover. A little bit about the Infrastructure
Blue Ribbon Commission or IBRC; some of their key recommendations and
the City's responses since then; status update on the Infrastructure
Management System and what we're up to there; and as Mike mentioned
the Infrastructure Plan projects themselves, what those are and what we're
up to on those; and then some of the funding challenges that we're seeing
now as we begin working on those projects. On to the IBRC. The IBRC final
report was published in December 2011 and included a number of different
findings and recommendations. Some of the key ones are listed on this slide
here, that we're looking at. Their review of the funding available for capital
and for operating maintenance work found the City was underfunding what
was needed to keep up with maintaining our existing infrastructure by about
$2.2 million a year. They also looked at the deferred maintenance for these
infrastructure assets. They determined that there was a total backlog of
deferred maintenance, which they called catch-up, that was $41 million
roughly at the time. It was a lot of work for them to put this together.
Because of the difficulty they had in assembling this information on the
assets themselves and these keep-up and catch-up amounts, the IBRC
recommended that the City implement this new Infrastructure Management
System that would help with that. As well, they identified as priorities for
new projects the Public Safety Building and the replacement of Fire Stations

                                                                            Page 2 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
