                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Remembering that these are goals. The CAC's looking at
policies and programs.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. And the Council's recommendation on goals.
The consolidated package will come back to the Council after the CAC has
provided their guidance on policies and programs.

Mayor Holman: What I'm trying to get a little bit of clarification on is what's
coming back in terms of goals, and the narrative of that is the CAC is not
going to be working on that. It would be ...

Ms. Gitelman: The goals will be as the Council directs this evening. The
policies and programs will be as the CAC directs or suggests. We will, as
Staff, work with our team to make sure that the narrative is consistent with
both.

Mayor Holman: That's what I was trying to get at right there. Great. Thank
you a lot. With that clarification, do Council Members DuBois, Filseth, Vice
Mayor Schmid and Council Member Kniss need to speak to this amendment?
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I really have a different view on the whole thing.
I'll make it quick.

Council Member Kniss: You are the maker of the motion.

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Burt kind of put forth ...

Mayor Holman: We're speaking to the amendment, not the motion.

Council Member DuBois: Yes. Exactly. He kind of put forth this view of goal
and narrative. When I looked at the two versions, I took that as the goal,
and that was my recommendation included what we're now calling the
narrative. I was counting that as the goal. When Council Member Scharff
asked me the difference between C-1 and I couldn't answer. When he went
on and talked, I pulled it up. I thought, "Oh, yeah, that was the difference."
It was the paragraph of text that I included as part of the goal. Again, when
I wrote the motion, I was saying this was shorthand because I was thinking
all this text was included. I may or may not support the motion. I'm
comfortable with what our Planning Director said, which was when we say
use the existing goal that we'll pull on the existing narrative. In the other
draft, the PTC draft, there's a paragraph of goal and there is no narrative. I
didn't take it as apples and oranges. I took it as the existing Comp Plan, the
entire paragraph, versus the PTC version. I (inaudible) kind of really have


                                                                        Page 81 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
