                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman: That takes us to—unless there's any Legislative Affairs to be
reported—Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Members? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:      I was attending a conference on municipal
broadband today and tomorrow.         It's very interesting.   It's also on
telemedicine, telelearning and library support. The former governor of
Illinois spoke today. He was very interesting; he's a big supporter of public
broadband.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'll go to Sacramento part of Wednesday and
Thursday to be part of their orientation for new presidents of the Peninsula
Division of the League of California Cities. I'll bring you a direct report.

Mayor Holman: Any other Council Members before we go to Council Member
Wolbach?

Council Member Wolbach: Two things on looking at the regional jobs-
housing imbalance. Mountain View is proposing, I think, over 7,000 housing
units for the North Bayshore area, which is an important development
towards addressing our regional jobs-housing imbalance. Unfortunately, on
the flip side, the City of Santa Clara is looking to redevelop their golf course
to be—I wish I could remember the numbers. I want to say it's about
30,000 jobs and only a handful of thousands of housing units. Far, far more
jobs than housing, if that moves forward. That was being discussed at the
VTA Policy Advisory Board recently.

Mayor Holman: I think your number of jobs is quite low, what's being
proposed. We can come back to that another time.

Council Member Wolbach: I think it was in the tens of thousands and
started with at least a two or a three.

Mayor Holman: You had another—you wanted to adjourn the meeting in
recognition of ...

Council Member Wolbach: I would ask that the Mayor, that we adjourn the
meeting in recognition of people around the world who have died as the
result of terrorism recently in a number of countries notably, but certainly
not limited to, Paris, France.

Mayor Holman: With that, meeting adjourned.
                                                                             Page 94 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
