                          TRANSCRIPT
that there's a benefit as much as possible, that in advance of you taking
action on the Consent that you have this. On Agenda Item Number 4—
maybe Molly will jump in and help me—what is the target date for
completion of the garage which is basically the Lot D garage? The target for
completing construction is fall 2018. On page 2 of the Staff Report, mention
of a Council direction in October 2014 to evaluate Lot G for a second garage.
When will that analysis occur? The Staff response will be with our focus on
beginning the Lot D project as a component of the Council Infrastructure
Plan, further analysis of Lot G, feasibility and financing options, has not been
initiated. We anticipate more analysis on Lot G in 2016. There was a
question, should we consider a design/build contract to remove some risk
from future construction costs. While we haven't used this much, would a
parking garage be a good place to try it? Same question for Fire Station 3
which is Item Number 8. Our response—I agree—is design/build contracts
can be effective in addressing short-term construction cost changes for
projects that are very well defined. In the case of the Downtown parking
garage, there are a number of unresolved issues that will be addressed in
the upcoming design process. Some are the structure size, architecture and
potential inclusion of mechanical parking and retail. A design/build contract
would not be viable unless these issues had already been resolved and the
basic conceptual design completed. In general, design/build is more difficult
to implement for City projects that are subject to changes resulting from the
ARB review during the design process. Not impossible, but we're at a stage
where we recommend continuing with a typical design/bid/build project.
The same would apply to Fire Station Number 3. Molly, did you want to add
something?

Molly Stump, City Attorney:      Yes, thank you.     Council Members, City
Manager Keene. Thank you to the citizen. Careful reading identified an
error in an attachment to Consent Number 4. The draft Request for
Proposals suggests that the Lot D garage would be funded by Certificates of
Participation. That is not correct. What is correct is the Council's adopted
Capital Improvement Program which identifies funding as coming from the
Stanford Development Funds and a category called other, which is largely
parking in-lieu funds. That item will be corrected before being issued if
Council approves the item this evening.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Real quickly—hold on a second. I'm going to skip
over Item 18 for a second. That had to do with the prevailing wage
minimum wage item. Item 20 on the Council's Agenda really deals with
the—maybe you guys can help read what the item is here—execution of the
revised agreement which would allow Palo Alto Police Department to provide
law enforcement services to the new Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara related to
the Super Bowl. There was a question and concern will our Palo Alto police
                                                                        Page 13 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
