                          TRANSCRIPT
      of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Appropriating Funds from the
      Residential Housing In-Lieu Fund for this Purpose.”

9.    Adoption of Amended Ordinance Amending Chapter 9.14 (Smoking
      and Tobacco Regulations) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Establish
      New Outdoor Smoking Restrictions in Commercial Areas and Outdoor
      Dining.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Item

10.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of Ordinances Amending Chapters 16.14,
      16.17, and 16.18 to Adopt Local Amendments to the California Green
      Building Code and the California Energy Code.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: Good evening. Thank you
again for welcoming us back to the Council. We were at Policy and Services.
We will go through this presentation again with some modifications. First,
let me start with some acknowledgements quickly. Let me first say thank
you to the Green Building Advisory Group (GBAG) who has been
instrumental in the efforts that we've undertaken over the last few years.
The Green Building Advisory Group members, such as Sven Thesen, were
instrumental in meeting and conferring and talking about prioritizing all the
measures that we're talking about today and the work that's gone forward
since then. Melanie Jacobsen, to my right, worked closely with us on our
green building communication, our website, our outreach, connecting
directly with customers, interpreting the Code and being a local expert, if
you will, on all things green building and energy and introducing us to the
leaders in the industry relative to energy and green building. To her right is
Farhad Farahmand from Total Resource Cost (TRC). He has been our
consultant working on the Cost Effectiveness Study as well providing some
expertise in the area of energy efficiency. His firm has been working
collaboratively and closely with the California Energy Commission as they roll
out the newest standards which will be taking effect in a year and a half.
We're ahead of that tidal wave, as I like to say, but it's closely nipping at our
heels. I also wanted to thank Gil Friend who's been a collaboration partner
in this effort, very much involved in our efforts relative to the Green Building
Advisory Group, our retreat that we had in August of last year as well as a
good friend to help bounce ideas off of. We've worked closely with Planning
and Community Environment, Utilities, Public Works in the formation of this
Green Building and Energy Code. I would be remiss not to thank them for
their efforts as well.     With that, let me direct your attention to the
PowerPoint. Before you is the recommended motion, sometimes it's helpful


04/20/2015                                                               117- 324
