                          TRANSCRIPT
to everybody in a way that we're the ones who ultimately light it. That's still
a big jump at this moment from where we are right now.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are we giving up that possibility by this vote tonight?
That's my question.

Mr. Keene: I don't want to speak for the CAC's thinking on this. My
understanding is that providing dark fiber allows for a range of possibilities
for the City in the future.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Except there's no income stream to provide it. The
customers, the providers are flocking to Google. What leverage points do
we have?

Mr. Keene: Go ahead.

Mr. Reichental: I'm not sure I understand. As a homeowner, you'll have
choices. You won't have both. If there is a City-provided service at some
point, a person will have to choose that over Google fiber, thus having to
pay for that service, so the Google service is no longer. They'll have
multiple choices. The City will only get the revenue opportunity if we have a
take rate with people actually buying the City service.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are we competing with Google for providing services?

Mr. Reichental: We would be if ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: We would be?

Mr. Keene: I think that all depends. I think these are parts of the
conversations that we would be having with Google on the timing.
Obviously, they're not just going to lay dark fiber and not light it up and
provide a service. We're talking, as I understand it, providing concurrently
with them, them running dark fiber which it's unclear as to how long that
would stay dark. Clearly we would want to have some potential for that not
to be dark forever. Those are sort of details, I think, that we've got to be
talking through with Google. Obviously, it's probably a different situation for
them if they said, "We're going to lay fiber and we're going to light it up
instantaneously when you do," would be a different conversation than if it's
some point in the future.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Before we enter into any agreement with Google, we
will have that discussion? Terms of a contract.

Mr. Keene: I think all of this is predicated on getting really clear with Google
about what we could potentially jointly do together as soon as possible and
                                                                            Page 99 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
