                          TRANSCRIPT
Voting For Diane Morin:             Berman, Scharff, Wolbach

Voting For Sea Reddy:

Voting For Valerie Stinger:         Berman, Burt, Filseth, Holman, Scharff,
                                    Schmid, Wolbach

Voting For Mark Weiss:              DuBois, Schmid

Beth Minor, City Clerk announced that Theresa Chen with seven votes and
Valerie Stinger with seven votes have both been appointed to the Human
Relations Commission.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: We have Theresa Chen with seven votes and Valerie
Stringer with seven votes, Anita Gat with one, Shelly Gordon Gray with two,
Diane Morin with three, and Mark Weiss with two. Theresa Chen and Valerie
Stringer are getting two of the slots. We will have to do a second vote for a
third position on the Commission.

Second Round of voting for one position on the             Human Relations
Commission with a term ending April 30, 2018:

Council Member Filseth abstained.

Voting For Shelly Gordon Gray:      Burt, DuBois, Holman, Schmid

Voting For Diane Morin:             Berman, Scharff, Wolbach

Ms. Minor advised that no candidate received the required five votes.

Third Round of voting for one position on the Human Relations Commission
with a term ending April 30, 2018:

Council Member Filseth abstained.

Voting For Shelly Gordon Gray:      Burt, DuBois, Holman, Schmid, Wolbach

Voting For Diane Morin:             Berman, Scharff

Ms. Minor announced that Shelley Gordon Gray with five votes has been
appointed to the Human Relations Commission.

Action Items

4.    Resolution 9512 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto for the Finance Committee Recommendation that Council: (1) Add
      a 25-Year Contract Term Option in Addition to the Palo Alto Clean
                                                                         Page 18 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
