                             MINUTES
Staff was allowed to waive up to 20 percent based on a variety of factors.
He assumed this would be a factor.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach yes

Council Member Kniss requested Staff provide an estimate of a date for
return of the item.

Mr. Keene would provide the Council and the Applicant with a date as soon
as possible after discussing a timeline with Staff.

Mr. Northway wanted to know a date certain and requested Staff provide
one in the next few days.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

7.   Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding Establishment of an
     Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Holman expressed the Council's condolences for the loss of the Gunn
High School student. A second suicide occurred the following day on
Caltrain tracks.

Closed Session

Herb Borock recommended the Council move into Closed Session to discuss
the City's options. The correspondence regarding Paralleling Station Number
5 gave the impression that a decision had been made without the Council
having made a collective decision as to other issues. This was the Council's
first opportunity to discuss all issues regarding potential litigation.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, was pleased the City indicated it would work
cooperatively with Caltrain. Litigating grade separations would not result in
the funds needed for grade separations. Partnering to raise those funds
would be more helpful. She urged the Council to work collaboratively to
raise funds for grade separations.

MOTION:     Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Schmid to go into Closed Session.

Council Member Wolbach believed it was important to discuss litigation
matters in Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Kniss no
                                                                        Page 38 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
