                          TRANSCRIPT
has had this stretch goal or moon shot that he's described. We should as a
Council look at when we agendize a policy setting action item on this. If I
look at the data, I believe that our 80 percent reduction is from a 1990
baseline. We've achieved as of 2014 38 percent reduction in 24 years. If
we merely continue the trend we've been on, we would have 80 percent
reduction in 2040. Not 2050 but 2040, 25 years from now. 80 percent by
2040 is not a stretch goal at all. That's just keeping the trend line we're on.
I would encourage us to set a goal not less aggressive than 80 percent by
2040. Perhaps we set two goals: that and 100 percent by 2050 with maybe
80 percent by 2030 as a stretch goal. Something along those lines. Let's
begin to consider that. For almost all other cities and states and countries,
80 percent by 2050 is an aspiration. They are not on the path to coming
close to that. We're actually on that path to achieve it by 2040. We
shouldn't take our foot off the gas so to speak. We should stay on that path.
As was stated earlier, in our transportation we have 60 percent of our
greenhouse gases from transportation because we eliminated our electricity.
It's not because the transportation went up. We just took the electricity out
of the equation. I just wanted to make sure everybody's clear on that,
because I've seen those numbers get tossed around. I would like to also see
data, and it may just be projections. I'm still waiting to see good data on
what's the level of adoption of zero emission vehicles today, advanced
emission vehicles like hybrids today, what are the trend lines, what have
they been in our community, and what do people anticipate purchasing as
their next vehicle based upon what will be the cost of those vehicles that are
projected. If somebody's told that you can buy an electric vehicle for
$25,000 within a few years and you say, "What vehicle do you expect to buy
in five years if it's going to be at competitive pricing or nearly so," I suspect
we're going to see a very high adoption. Then we can use that and say,
"What's the life of our vehicle fleet and how long will it take to turnover all of
our older vehicles and get the bulk of them out of our fleet." That also is a
pretty obtainable goal. We're only going to facilitate that on the margins.
We're going to make sure that we have policies in place to have adequate
electric charging, that we've thought about smart grid systems and metering
systems so it's off-hour charging of cars rather than peak hour, a number of
measures that facilitate that. We won't have to be the primary drivers.
That's a combination of the broader economic trends and what are the
intrinsic characteristics of our community, which is a community that largely
shares that value structure and has disposable income so that people are
acting on their values sooner than many other people do. They have the
values, and we have more ability to act on those than most communities.
Because of those things, especially our financial ability as a City and as a
community, that doesn't mean that everybody is going to be able to do this
as rapidly as we can. We shouldn't go bragging about some of the things
that result from our own affluence. We can lead and we can identify

04/20/2015                                                                117- 295
