                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) wanted to make sure that we had that
discussion tonight and that everyone is aware of how that may play out. It's
very significant in the long term.

Mr. Gordon: Right.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks. Glad to see you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you, Assembly Member Gordon, for being
here. Very nice to have you. Following up on the housing crisis that was
mentioned earlier. I think a lot of people, frankly, take a very provincial
view of housing and the housing crisis, resisting calls to make housing more
available in their own community, in saying for instance, "Mountain view is
nice or Redwood City is nice. Why can't people just live there?" It's
certainly acceptable for people to be first and foremost concerned with their
own community and what they see as unwelcome changes to their own
community. This results in a classic collective action problem, where nobody
wants to do the work to solve a regional problem. I just think a little bit
more about your perspective on this, given that you do represent a number
of the cities in the mid-Peninsula region which is kind of the core of this
crisis, would be useful. I know that you spoke to the new San Mateo County
task force on closing the jobs/housing gap on September 24th. I would just
be happy to hear any more thoughts you have about the regional nature of
this housing crisis and what you see as shared opportunities and shared
challenges and responsibilities.

Mr. Gordon: Thank you for the softball question.

Council Member Wolbach: Any time.

Mr. Gordon: First of all, I think that we have to work regionally on these
issues. One thing that's very clear to me is you cannot talk about housing
without talking about transportation.       You've got to talk about them
together.    We've got to figure out how to improve dramatically our
transportation systems in this region in order to accommodate the people
who currently live here and work here, let alone anyone who might want to
move here. I think probably the biggest challenge of all is that what we're
looking and talking about really is change, change in a community, in our
communities in this region. If we improve our transportation, that makes us
a little more urban in some ways. If we build higher density to create more
housing, it makes it a little more urban. It is a discussion around change
which is a very difficult discussion for us to have. Those of us who moved
here and live here because we kind of like things as they are, how do we
                                                                      Page 14 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/19/15
