                          TRANSCRIPT
save time, I'm just going to say I agree with Pat 100 percent on the Google
offer. I'd like Google to put in money, but I think we have to tell them there
can't be strings attached. I think that's where I am on it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to concur on the Google thing. I'm
glad to hear that that's not a definitive thing and open to discussion. It's the
Staff that's got to execute on this, not the Council here. If Staff feels like
the right thing to do is do a reset, I think we ought to support them.

Mayor Holman: That was quick. I think I will go to Council Member Kniss'
opening comments about how frustrating this is. It's more than frustrating.
Rather than just pound on that, I remember when we started this that we
held out—I can't remember if it was the contingency amount or it was the
design amount. We held out one or the other of those. I think it was a $10
million project and we held out 2, if memory serves. I'm pretty sure about
that, that we held out 2. It was going to be a $7.2-$8 million design bridge.
That gets us to 10, and that's in the dollars back then. We've heard
everything from 30 percent to tonight heard 50 percent escalation in
construction cost. I'm really glad you brought these images. Thank you for
doing that. I concur with Council Member Scharff. I am left bored with the
Permanente Bridge, no offense to anybody hopefully. I just couldn't go with
that. The Ralston Bridge is okay. The whole purpose of this was to get a
nicely designed bridge and not something just out of the can or something
that looked like something everybody else has. It doesn't have to be an
absolute showpiece, but it needs to be something that we can be proud of in
this community. The date that was put out here was 2019; I think that was
in the presentation about the 2019 construction completion. Does that
mean if we started construction on this project, if we're only going to lose 3
or 4 months by going for an RFP, does that mean we still wouldn't have a
bridge until 2019? That's 3 years or, depending on when in 2019, maybe
closer to 4 years.

Mr. Eggleston: There's a pretty complicated design and Caltrans review
process. We've had a couple of engineers working on extremely complicated
schedules, and they've said that that's even kind of pushing it, that we're
being ambitious shooting for starting construction kind of in the beginning of
2018 at this point.

Mayor Holman:      My last question.    Let's just say Moffatt Nichol was
interested in pursuing a project along the lines of what they proposed, but
maybe scaled back where it could be more economical. I'm not a bridge
expert to know whether having the center column would reduce the cost

                                                                       Page 118 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
