                          TRANSCRIPT
open to it. It's in our own best, enlightened self-interest to have the best
language, that's accurate but compelling, that we can. We'll be very open to
suggestions. We're going to poll again in February and probably again in
June. These are always works in progress. If you have better suggestions,
let us know. The interesting thing, though, when you've got about six
bullets and you still have to talk about the fact that it's 30 years and a tax
and the other things, you've got like six to ten words per bullet. It's not
prose and it's not poetry. We do our best. The last thing, though, is when
you have a bullet like Caltrain and you're at 73 percent, please understand
that is a great number. Getting to a 66 2/3 on anything is hard. When
every bullet point is well above that threshold, recognize it for the Reese's
that it is.

Mayor Holman: I'll end this with, perhaps, an acknowledgement and thank
you for coming this evening and joining us.             Perhaps Silicon Valley
Leadership would like to respond to the letter that the mayors and city
managers sent. I acknowledge your presence here with a thank you and
invite you to respond to our letter from Silicon Valley Leadership Group.

Mr. Guardino: Let me take that back to my team.

Mayor Holman: I understand.

Mr. Guardino: I received your letter. I received a copy of their response. I
will honestly tell you I haven't dived into either of the letters in too much
depth. It was one public body speaking to another public body.

Mayor Holman: Thank you so very much. Bye-bye.

Mr. Guardino: Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, that concludes Item Number 6. We now
go to Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: We have none. We go to City Manager Comments.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager: I'm glad you all have been waiting here for
this. I apologize. There are a couple of things I do want to be sure to
share, even though it is very late. First of all, relevant to our discussion that
we just had, I think the Council's aware that the California High Speed Rail
Authority is hosting a series of open house-style meetings this month and
next month to provide a status report on the project and a schedule for
                                                                         Page 91 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
