                         TRANSCRIPT
for the entire tract. As you can see here, the Van Auken single-story overlay
does also include homes along Amarillo and Greer Road. The Greer Park
North proposal has two circles, and these homes along Greer and Amarillo.
Whereas, the Van Auken had one circle and those same types of
arrangements there on Greer and Amarillo. In fact, they're similar lot sizes
there along Amarillo. There are six two-story homes within this proposed
boundary. You can see them in pink highlight there. Overall, the boundary
contains a support level of 72 percent based on the initial application that
came in, where a 60-percent support level is required. The reason only 60
percent is required is because there is a deed restriction for this
neighborhood dating back to the 1950s that has an automatic clause after
25 years that goes consecutive ten-year terms into the future, unless a
majority of the homeowners come forward and say, "We want to remove
this limitation." That has not happened. One thing I might say, because
this came up as a topic, is the support level within the circles, Metro and
Moffett, are at 74 percent and 75 percent. This is higher than the support
level outside the circles on Greer and Amarillo. Amarillo is 70 percent; Greer
is 66 percent. The Planning and Transportation Commission was actually
concerned about the support of two-story homeowners and mentioned that
in the Minutes and the report. They recommended a single-story overlay for
the 47 homes of the circles, excluding the Greer and Amarillo homes. They
were also concerned about the limitations on the future homes in a flood
zone on the smaller lots. They also stipulated that the building application
on file for this home at 1066 Metro, which you may have remembered came
through as an appeal sometime in the past year, that that should be allowed
to go forward with its height which is currently proposed in a building permit
application as a 23-foot tall home. This shows you—one of the things the
Planning and Transportation Commission asked for was a map indicating the
votes and the absentee owner properties. We prepared this after the
Planning Commission to include with the CMR that's in your Staff Report.
We did also receive a flurry of communication today as well as one that
came in in time for the packet, concerned about this overlay. In conclusion,
Staff does recommend that the Council support the original application which
is to complete the tract. I wanted to make one note in that this PowerPoint
does say 6,000 to 13,000. Further research showed that with the addition of
the Seale Canal which was filled in sometime in the 1990s, this little strip
along here was added to these homes. While the original properties on this
side were more like 13,000, fairly large, they got even larger with the
addition of this canal. This one here, I believe, is a 17,325-square-foot lot.
That concludes Staff presentation.        I know the applicant has some
presentations as well as some other interested parties.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. David Hammond is the applicant, and you will
have up to ten minutes. Can I suggest that because we have already 17
                                                                         Page 108 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
