                         TRANSCRIPT
through, and you've answered that a somewhat open-ended discussion
within the Comp Plan process may be the best way for this to begin to have
meat on the bone.

Mr. Keene: That's very helpful. The Council's had discussion as we've been
designing the Comp Plan process and the role of the citizens committee and
how that's going to relate to the Council and the latticework between the
committee's work and Council.        The Council has to have a way to
communicate and inform the Comp Plan committee. Even a discussion like
this or if you had another one agendized, you've suddenly said, "Here's what
we're thinking," or "Here are areas of concern." Then it gives a boost to the
discussion and the direction. I'm seconding what you're saying about the
value of you saying this is important. It makes me feel a little more
comfortable that we haven't created an expectation that it's on a particularly
accelerated track until we can be more definitive. If we do send this right to
Policy and Services, there will be people out there saying, "Geez, this is
going to Policy and Services. We're going to have discussion about it.
Wonder what's going to happen with it and when." Even if we had to say,
"We've got a bunch of things on Policy and Services. We're not going to get
to it until October." I'd rather us be able to tell the public that stuff more
methodically in advance than have to come back after the fact. It sounds
like we're making excuses on the Staff side.

Council Member Scharff: How do we bring this to a conclusion? Do you
need a motion that says that through the Comp Plan process we'll look at
neighborhood overlays that could provide neighborhood protection? Is that
what you're thinking? Are we going to do this anyway without a motion?

Mr. Keene: There's two things. Number one, I don't think it's clear what
the scope of what the Council wants to do on this subject is right now. What
you just said would be a concern of the Council. Going back to what Council
Member Burt said, if that were to be your direction, we would see that that
would happen anyway. However, there is value in the Council articulating
that even at this point. In one sense, it stresses the importance that you
see of this. When Hillary is working and doing orientation with folks, she's
able to say, "At the end of June, the Council was having this discussion
about the importance of neighborhood preservation and overlays." That
helps. I would argue that a motion would be appropriate.

Council Member Scharff: I'll try and make a motion.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss had originally indicated she was
interested in making a motion. I'm going to defer to her.


                                                                         Page 59 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
