                          TRANSCRIPT

swiftly with the roll out and get the data and go into Phase 2. It's really
great work, and it's exciting to see all this. Thank you. I particularly
appreciated the MC Research; I think it's fantastic. I would ask, maybe just
as a matter of course, if whenever we have a survey from whatever project,
I think a methodology page would be great to understand what was the
sampling, what's the statistical accuracy if any. I ask questions every time
on every survey. If you just gave me that data, that'd be awesome. With
this statistically represented data, which I understand the survey is, I think
it gives us a good blueprint for our next round of projects, part of which
we're going to talk about later tonight. It's pretty clear that I think high tech
workers from San Francisco are not the problem. 70 percent of them are
taking Caltrain.      We need to apply this data and I think get more
sophisticated in our discussions about transportation, parking. In terms of
congestion relief, it's clear most of the traffic, single occupancy vehicles are
coming from the South Bay, from the Peninsula, perhaps locations where
Caltrain isn't, and probably a little bit too far for bikes. I'm convinced that
we need to talk about a balanced transportation plan that focuses on all
modes, bikes and transit, but also our freeways and expressways. I think
we're planning to move forward on at least one garage Downtown and Cal.
Ave. I think those are going to be needed based on this data. Let's see. On
the wayfinding signs, I did ask the question about Lytton. There's two
directional signs on University and Hamilton and nothing on Lytton. It just
seemed very striking to me. All that traffic from the north cuts down Willow
to Middlefield and shoots down Lytton, and there's no sign. Why was that?
Was Lytton not considered a major street for commuters?

Ms. Sullivan: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. Again, I mean this was a
preliminary kind of take. Our consultant spent about a day kind of observing
the traffic flow. It could have been potentially the time of day that they
were observing. It was later in the afternoon, so it was less of the morning
commute. I did relay them that feedback, that we could use some more of
the signs. We have no problem integrating that.

Council Member DuBois: I think Lytton is considered a major arterial or
collector street. The website looks great. I'm just curious if you guys have
a list of bugs or if you feel like it's in really good shape at this point.

Ms. Sullivan: Thank you. The parking website I think functionally, the way
it looks and feels is going to be consistent. We're going to continue to add
information to it. The permit sales website, certainly there's some bugs. We
kind of go through and find things that need to be tweaked. As of about
1:00 today, we'd had about 400 residents and employees create accounts
                                                                         Page 14 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
