                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I got distracted there for a bit. My own reaction is that there's
so much in here that you're losing the essence or something. Maybe a little
cutting away is what you ought to think about.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, are you okay if we delete "B"?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm comfortable with deleting "B."

Mayor Holman: As long as Staff doesn't lose sight of that.

Council Member Wolbach: I concur with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part B, “linkages from
the California Avenue area to the Fry’s Electronics site.”

Council Member Burt: I have something that's implied. Under "j," it says
"requiring that any demolition." We really mean "construction resulting from
demolition." That's implied but just to clean it up.

Mayor Holman: That's fine.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that too.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part J, “any demolition"
with “any construction resulting from demolition."

Council Member Burt:   That addresses my main concerns.     Director
Gitelman, are there remaining concerns that you have that aren't yet
addressed?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah, I had a couple more. First, it looks like, now it's "i,"
limiting new development to respect historical pattern. It's unclear what
geographic area you mean that to apply to and whether that's just a broad
area of investigation that would take a lot of time. There's also the question
about financial, where is that one, financial services. It's "f," consider
limiting the number of financial institutions on California Avenue. There's
already a requirement for a use permit when those institutions are on the
ground floor. I consider that to be already in effect, in a sense. We have
the ability to deny a use permit; although, I could see wanting to require
additional findings in that instance.

Council Member Burt: Can I speak to both those things? Going to the
financial institutions first. There's a difference between having a limit that
can be breached with a conditional use permit and one that could not.
                                                                        Page 83 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
