                             MINUTES
Action Items

11.   Discussion and Direction to Staff Regarding Establishment of an
      Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit (Item Continued from January 26,
      2015).

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, reported
Staff was seeking Council direction. Staff viewed this as part of a dual track
approach that the Council articulated for the Comprehensive Plan Update
and some critical zoning questions that the Council wanted to discuss
concurrent with the Comprehensive Plan Update. Growth management was
a policy issue that had a place in the Comprehensive Plan Update. A
mechanism such as a cap had a place in Zoning.              Therefore, it was
appropriate to discuss growth management in both those realms. The idea
of an annual limit on office space came up in Comprehensive Plan Update
workshops held in the summer of 2014. The idea was to moderate the pace
of office/research and development (R&D) development because it
generated job growth. The discussion should be framed by the problem to
be solved. The City had the most potential to effect growth and change in
the community through new development. The question was whether
moderation of new development would effectively address growth in
employment, growth in traffic, and growth in parking demand. The Staff
Report provided examples from other jurisdictions that had utilized a pacing
mechanism. The Staff Report also provided two different data sets. The
first data set was derived from Comprehensive Plan Policy L-8, which
established a Citywide cap on nonresidential development.           Policy L-8
institutionalized a study performed in 1989. That study did not differentiate
the types of nonresidential space and only reviewed nine planning areas
mapped in the Comprehensive Plan. The second data set derived from the
Congestion Management Plan reporting requirement. The disadvantage of
the second data set was its lack of longevity; it was instituted in 2001. The
Council could utilize other data sets that were not maintained by the City.
Staff had produced some data related to the Downtown CAP and the Existing
Conditions Report. Private industry reports related to jobs, rents, and
vacancies were available.       Survey data was submitted by Downtown
businesses. Establishing a pacing mechanism or an annual limit was quite
complex and raised many questions. She reviewed nine such questions
outlined in the Staff Report. Staff offered two recommendations.

One recommendation related to receiving Council input regarding ideas that
could be assessed as part of the Comprehensive Plan Update. The second
recommendation concerned measures that could be enacted on a short-term
basis.



02/09/2015                                                             116- 463
