                              MINUTES
Mr. Reichental wanted to build something bold in creating IT's vision. IT
Staff were driven to provide innovative solutions to support City
departments in delivering quality services to the community.               In
implementing digital city capabilities, IT Staff launched Palo Alto 311 which
resolved over 2,000 service requests and would go live across all
departments in July 2015; launched the PulsePoint application; and created
more than 50 online services. The Open Data Portal hosted over 100 data
sets.

Ms. Bolger advised that implementation of IT governance created a
formalized and documented process for following any incoming technology
initiative. With the Three-Year IT Strategy, IT Staff could predict initiatives
for the next three years. The City realized $800,000 in cost avoidance as a
direct result of IT governance. In order to standardize and enhance service
delivery, IT Staff established a framework and adopted the Information
Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), a common industry-used
framework for delivering IT services. IT Staff became customer-centric in
order to provide high quality customer service to Staff and constituents.
Also, career paths were established for the IT team. Ninety-four percent of
survey respondents rated IT services and support as excellent. The time to
resolve issues decreased by 55 percent. In order to upgrade infrastructure
and formalize information security, a cloud-first strategy had to be
established. A cloud-first strategy allowed Staff to more quickly deploy
services across the City and to have better resiliency, redundancy, and
disaster recovery for services. Under the Three-Year Strategy, IT Staff
replaced the City's telephone system and network cabling; deployed a
number of security enhancements which resulted in 99.98 percent network
availability and metrics for security incidents; and deployed Wi-Fi to a
number of City facilities.

Mr. Reichental noted the City had been recognized by peers and
organizations for its digital capabilities. For the second consecutive year, the
City was named as one of the leading digital cities in America. The City had
received a number of other awards. The City had to move beyond existing
legacy technology, because it was costing money. Training was needed for
all Staff to better use technology systems. The City experienced difficulties
in hiring IT staff as the market was very competitive. City Staff needed real
time data to make better decisions. Making data available to the community
provided more transparency. In the next few weeks, IT Staff would present
a new vision for core systems. GIS systems needed considerable work. IT
Staff was co-managing quite a few items for Fiber to the Premises and
wireless and Wi-Fi capabilities. He anticipated more mobile applications and
attendant automation. The data center was now smaller, which provided a
reduced impact to the environment.
                                                                           Page 2 of 39
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 1/26/2015
