                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: A long time, yes.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I thought. You've been on the Board a
long time. I was wondering when you've looked at this before, if people
have said, "This is an exceptional circumstance and this is an extraordinary
circumstance," or whether it's been lumped together. That was my first
question. The second question was in the past DEEs have come before you
before, a number of times. I remember that on Council. When we've
granted them, what I've tended to understand us to do is to say if it doesn't
apply to the properties in the same zone district, then it is an exceptional
circumstance. That's the way I've understood it. I think what you're saying
here is that as long as it doesn't apply to the surrounding buildings in the
zone. I think Council Member Filseth was asking you how long that extends
in the zone. Have we done stuff in the past? What's the history on this? Do
you have a sense of that?

Mr. Lew: I don't know where to start. As you know, there's so many DEEs
on projects. I'm not sure where to start with that. I don't recall any
distinction between extraordinary and circumstances. I'm going to have to
get back to you on this one. This is trickier, because there's so many
projects. I'm trying to think of ...

Council Member Scharff: Give me an example of when you haven't granted
a DEE. When someone's asked for it, and you've said no, because it's not
exceptional or extraordinary. This applies to everyone. Can you think of
that off the top of your head? I know I'm putting you on the spot. If you
can't, that's fine.

Mr. Lew: I'll just put on my thinking cap and try to make a list of projects
for you.

Council Member Scharff: My next question, changing tack a little bit. Let's
assume the ARB said no to the DEE. That would mean that the tower comes
down, right, to the roof level at 37 1/2 feet. Because there would be no roof
access, then there would be no roof deck. Is that correct?

Mr. Lew: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: The project could look exactly the same; it just
wouldn't have those two elements. Is that ...

Mr. Lew: It would be like flat, yeah.

Council Member Scharff: It would be a flat roof. There would be no element
jutting up, and there would be no roof except for the mechanical. Right?
                                                                      Page 39 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
