                         TRANSCRIPT

leading that program and cannot speak for him in any way. They don't have
any results; they expect to have results about what they can do later. You
do have a letter in your packet from Stanford starting with the fact that
widening Page Mill and widening expressways doesn't do what people think it
will do in terms of solving a congestion problem. The congestion problem is
real. I would urge you to look at that letter and check with Stanford about if
they had $100 million to spend, how much would they prefer to have that be
road widening and HOV versus transportation demand management. The
way that I read that letter that says, "If you have to widen the road, give us
the HOV lane. Really we would rather use that money and reduce the trips."
Verify with Stanford and take the effective approach. Thank you.

Chris Lepe: Good evening. Chris Lepe, Senior Community Planner with
TransForm. TransForm's a nonprofit organization, the largest transportation
advocacy organization in California. We analyze public policy, advance new
models and engage local communities in transportation, land use and
housing policy. We're involved with funding measures across the Bay Area.
We were involved with the Measure BB in Alameda County and that
successful effort to get that passed. We're also part of a growing alliance of
community-based organizations called the Transit Justice Alliance including
labor, environmental and community groups such as Sacred Heart
Community Service and People Acting in Communities Together. I just
wanted to reference the letter; hopefully you received the letter we sent a
few days ago, highlighting some of the key recommendations and priorities
we feel particularly coming from Palo Alto residents including Adam Stern,
Adina Levin, Bruce Hodge, Debbie Mitells, Gail Price, Jeralyn Moran, Mark
Nadim, Robert Neff, Sandra Slater, Vanessa Warheit and Yoriko Kishimoto.
One of the main, I think, sort of messages in that letter was that we really
need to prioritize. I think Palo Alto's done a great job in terms of stating a
whole host of different transportation measures and strategies. I think it's
important to send a clear message to VTA as to what the priorities are for
the City. One of those priorities we feel should be moving people more
efficiently in order to preserve the quality of life in Palo Alto as well as
surrounding cities. With our population growing—we're going to grow by
two times the size of the City of Sunnyvale in the next 15 years—we cannot
afford to waste time nor money in investments that don't move the needle in
that regard. Also one of the key components of the letter was the rapid
transit plan. We think that's great that the Cities of Mountain View, Palo
Alto, Cupertino and other North and West County cities are proposing this
plan. The main thing I would say with that is yes, we need it. We don't
currently have a plan on the books for rapid transit in Silicon Valley. We
need significant funding. The $100-$150 million recommended currently
                                                                       Page 64 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
