                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Richardson: In Fiscal Year '12 and Fiscal Year '13, we took the figures
from the American Community Survey data at a certain point in time. This
here, the City Manager's Office put together a data sheet. It also collects
the data from the American Community Survey. Going forward, we're going
to be using that data sheet. It's a source of information to allow us to
provide consistency whichever department is reporting information.
Depending on what point in time that was collected, we know it reflects
Fiscal Year '14, but we don't know the exact date. That may be driving a
little bit of the difference. Going forward, it will be consistent throughout as
far as all coming from the City Manager's data sheet.

Council Member Berman: A couple of questions about a couple of the
questions that were asked. What's the difference between Palo Alto as a
place to live and quality of life in Palo Alto? When people are getting
surveyed, is there more context or detail to the questions or is it as we're
reading them in the report?

Ms. Richardson: There isn't more context, and that's ...

Council Member Berman: I'm sorry. There is not?

Ms. Richardson: There is not. That's part of why it makes it sometimes
difficult to interpret why people rate one question one way and another one
that sounds pretty similar another. If you look at page 94 of the Citizen
Survey Report, the questionnaire is there with the exact questions as they
were sent to the citizens. You can see that there isn't a lot of context, and it
depends on how each person who receives the survey interprets what
they're asking.

Council Member Berman: I noticed that one of the new questions is place to
visit. We're asking residents what Palo Alto is like as a place to visit. What
are we hoping to get out of that question? That seems like a strange
question for me. I don't visit Palo Alto; I live here, so I don't look at it
through that prism. What caused the inclusion of that new question?

Ms. Richardson: The National Research Center, these are pretty much
standardized questions. They added that question. We didn't ask them
specifically why they added that question. I could ask them what their
reasoning was.

Council Member Berman:        I feel like we should be asking visitors that
question.

Ms. Richardson: We can ask them.

                                                                         Page 10 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
