                          TRANSCRIPT
three mitigation measures that are listed in the EIR. That's what you'd be
approving.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess what's critical and the question has been asked
several times is do we know how much these mitigation measures will cost
and what other options are out there rather than exploring building a
pipeline.

Mr. Bobel: We don't have all the information on that, so we're not asking
you to approve us actually designing or constructing anything now. That lies
ahead. The cost part of this lies ahead.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess maybe it's a legal question. Are we endorsing
the mitigation identified in the EIR that have not been so effective and we do
not know how effective other alternatives are?

Mr. Bobel: As far as whether they're effective or not, I thought you were
going to get at the cost. Whether they're effective, we believe that all three
of those would be effective. They'd meet the goals of not having salinity
greater than 600 milligrams per liter which is our goal. Commenters on the
EIR actually use 650, a slightly higher number, as their goal. Actually
you've adopted a slightly more aggressive goal than the comments to the
EIR suggested. All three of those mitigation measures that I just described
would meet the goal. We think there's no reason to think they wouldn't be
successful. The commenters didn't suggest otherwise, and we don't have
reason to believe otherwise.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We are endorsing on packet page 83 all of these
significant effects can be fully addressed and reduced to less than significant
through adoption and implementation of standard project requirements.

Mr. Bobel: That's right. Remember, we've taken a more aggressive position
than really anyone else has in even doing an EIR in this situation. I just
point that out. Yes, we're suggesting that full mitigation is possible. Most
people are just moving ahead without mitigation.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess the important thing as everyone has said is to
move ahead and to make sure that we are doing everything possible in our
recycled water. You've identified a whole spectrum of things that we could
be working on. Just want to make sure that by endorsing this we are
moving in that direction and not taking a pathway outside of the discussions
we should be having.
                                                                       Page 122 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
