                          TRANSCRIPT
opportunity to have what everyone has characterized as a conversation.
Especially for me in my early years here, it was really a focused time for me
to talk with you about how we do our work and why we approach things in
certain ways. Initially there was a lot of focus on understanding what it is
that we're doing and why and how to interpret and support the Council in its
work. I think our conversation has evolved some from that. It's always
very, very valuable to me. I'm glad that we'll continue with the midyear
check-in. It should be informal and not have a lot of hours of preparation.
It's an opportunity to continue that type of tone. I like the idea with the
direct report survey of having a question about what do folks think is going
well. It's really not so much to say we don't necessarily want to hear what
the problem areas are; we also learn from the things that you're doing that
people perceive as valuable and supportive of them as employees. You may
not be aware that some of those things are there. You may discontinue
them out of lack of energy. That is also valuable information. The last thing
that I wanted to share with you. I had asked the new consultant team—by
the way, they are so tremendously professional and thorough and clear. It
really has been wonderful working with them this year. I know they worked
tremendously hard. I had asked them—I really wanted to make sure that
individual Council Member concerns or areas of question with respect to my
office's work, my work come through to me. That's a valuable thing for me
to know about, even if there's some issue that occurred or process that is of
concern or questionable only to one Council Member or maybe two. It's still
important for me to know about it. One thing that I noticed this year—it
may be in the nature of stylistic evolution that we're going through as an
organization. That occurred, which was helpful. When it comes to setting
overall direction for the City through the Staff, there really is a need for the
Council also to work hard with each other. In many areas now, there are a
diversity of views on Council, which is of course legitimate. The voters bring
us their best choice of representatives, and we support the Council. We're
happy to do that. We really need to grapple with the reality that you can
sometimes only move in one direction at a time. Maybe as an organization
we're going through an individualistic moment or we're tending towards that
style. We may see that with a lot of the Council's work now, where we have
some detailed direction that has an additive quality to it as Council Members
have perhaps different elements that they're interested in on a policy area.
I would just like to challenge you, as you go forward and work in this
process.    When you're having that conversation with us about overall
direction, to the extent that you can work hard with each other to coalesce
around a somewhat unified vision. That really helps us to be successful, to
have a coherent program, to understand what we're to do. To the extent
that that work maybe doesn't occur or doesn't occur on a deep level, we
may be left with the possibility of disappointing people when we come
around next year or to the midyear check-in. Council Members may have
                                                                                     Page 30 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
