                          TRASNCRIPT
more important than others. The way it's set up in State law and in our Plan
currently, it's a vision that wise decision-making is in effect this process of
weighing potentially competing objectives. With that said, it is possible to
identify priorities or aids to decision-making where there might be conflicts
to give future decision-makers and members of the public some sense of
where the community's priorities lie. Two of the Council Members, Council
Member Filseth and DuBois, suggested this structure as a guide for
prioritization the last time we discussed this issue. It would be perfectly
appropriate to incorporate something like this in the introductory section of
the Comp Plan to indicate where it's not clear, where there are competing
priorities, the thought process of decision-makers. The community could be
guided by some set of principles like those illustrated in this diagram. I'm
sure the two Council Members could speak to it with more specifics and
more eloquently than I. Just going back. Our recommendation would be, if
it's the Council's desire to do this, to include something like this in the
introductory section of the Plan. We'd be happy to draft some text for your
review at a later meeting. When it gets to the overall structure of the Plan
that's formed by the chapters or elements of the Plan, in the Staff Report we
have a chart that shows what the current elements are, what the PTC
recommended, and then a third column which is a slight variation. That's
shown up here on the right-hand column. Our recommendation differs from
the PTC version in that it separates out safety and noise into a separate
element. That's an idea that we heard from individual members of the
community and from some individual Council Members. It seemed to us to
be a valid approach, given the attention that both of these issues are getting
in the community and how much more we seem to have to say about both of
those issues these days. Within each element, the structure as you know is
defined by the vision statement specific to the element. The goals, the
policies and programs, if you look on packet page 351, you'll see a definition
of each of these terms. The workbook that we created for you, dated
August 27th, provides for each of the elements a short introductory section
about the element, its purpose and some background information. It
provides a one-page summary of the vision statement in the current
element, the vision statement recommended by the Planning and
Transportation Commission and then what we heard from the Council the
last time we discussed these issues in April and what we felt your direction
was. After the section on vision, there's a summary of the goals. Again, the
structure of the current Comprehensive Plan and the structure recommended
by the Planning and Transportation Commission with an explanation of the
changes. As we've all experienced as we started to try and use both
versions, the Planning and Transportation Commission made so many
organizational changes that it's not possible to really redline. This is
supposed to be a guide to explain the changes. After the summary of goals,
there's a more expanded comparison that uses the full text of the goals, and
                                                                        Page 83 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
