                          TRANSCRIPT
together as Palo Alto, Mountain and Sunnyvale in a tri-city strategy will be
the most effective and logical approach we can take. Second, the raise to
15 is based in research, and it's a conservative wage for our cities. Three, I
believe that this is fundamentally a moral imperative that hardworking
families can earn even close to a living wage. Mountain View will vote this
fall on a schedule to 15 by 2018, and we're very hopeful that it will pass.
We also want to move forward together with Palo Alto and Sunnyvale. Yes,
working the Cities Association will be important, but our three cities are
leaders. I think we need to lead the way in solidarity with each other. Our
economy is more similar to San Francisco than it is Gilroy, which is why I
think our three cities can collaborate. In regards to research, I don't think
we need this to die in committee with years and years of research as
people continue to suffer and move and are displaced. Rigorous research
has been done. It does not show negative effects on teens. It does not
show that it leads to net job loss. It does not show that it will hurt small
business as a whole, the aggregate data. As of now, we're one of the most
affluent places in the world, and we're falling way behind what the gold
standard is that countries around the world use for minimum wage. What
is that gold standard? I talked to Ken Jacobs at the Berkeley Labor
Research Center. In general you take the median wage and split it in half,
and that tends to be the minimum wage. Our median wage in our area is
about $40 to $45 an hour. We're falling way behind other cities and
countries around the world. I'd also like to say on a small note tip credit
and total compensation packages can't be passed on a city level. Finally,
just I want to thank you all, City Council, for your leadership. I believe our
cities can work together and take the ethical steps necessary for
hardworking families to earn a wage which they can even begin to survive
on and maintain respect, dignity and diversity here in Silicon Valley. Thank
you.

Larry Moody: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. Larry
Moody from the City of East Palo Alto. I certainly speak here as a resident
of East Palo Alto. I want to celebrate your leadership on this topic. We all
know the challenges of living and thriving here on the Peninsula and
certainly in the Bay Area in this day and age. I'm also here to speak on
behalf of hundreds and thousands of East Palo Alto residents who work in
your Palo Alto communities each and every day. Many of them are at work
right now, servicing your customers and helping in areas that help build the
economy here in Palo Alto. In East Palo Alto, we welcome and thank you
for the opportunity to work so closely by, where many of our residents have
the ability to ride their bikes, use local transit and shuttles to get to and
from work each and every day. This is a great opportunity to really build
on the inevitable. People need an opportunity to earn higher wages, so
they can care for their families and that they can have the quality of life
                                                                         Page 25 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
