                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Can I add follow-up on that? Just a suggestion. If
you simply put in the report that it's based on whatever year, the context.
The other thing that's to be considered is this 35 million. If we're looking for
grant funding, we don't pay the debt service on that either. There's several
things that will be different when we finally look at this.

Mr. Bobel: In the EIR, we do say where these figures came from. We make
it perfectly clear, so it'd be apparent to somebody reading it in-depth or just
even reading the footnotes and everything that these are old numbers.
You're going to come to the conclusion—a reasonable person is going to
come to the same conclusion you just did, that they're out of date and they
shouldn't be relied on. We just thought you would want to see what we had,
so we presented them.

Mayor Holman: I have one—bear with me just for a moment. To be clear in
knowing what "D" refers to, I'm going to ask for a little change. "A" would
read adopt a resolution that certifies the Final Environmental Impact Report
for the proposed Recycled Water Distribution Project and in doing so," then
pick up the language from "D." That way it refers that to the EIR which is
where we were trying to get to.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Okay. Is that okay with you, Council Member Kniss? Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove Part D of the Motion, “Council reaffirms
its commitment of setting a maximum threshold of 600 Total Dissolved
Solids (TDS)” and add to Part A of the Motion, “and in doing so the Council
reaffirms its commitment of setting a maximum threshold of 600 Total
Dissolved Solids (TDS)” after “Recycled Water Distribution Project.”

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, let's vote on the board please. That
passes unanimously with Council Member DuBois not participating. That
passes on an 8-0-1 vote.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

                                                                        Page 128 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
