                          TRANSCRIPT
map back. That's not this situation. It's further subject to the limitations in
15300.2 which include among other things it can't be applicable to any area
where there's a defined hazardous waste designation. That would mean the
balance of California Avenue, the entire industrial park. In summary, I'd say
there's no legal basis for this to be exempt. It should go back and have an
initial study. There's no evidence to support the idea that you can say
without certainty, without certainty, this is an exemption. It has to be
strictly construed that there's going to be no impact on the environment.
Before you deal with the substance, it should be dealt with properly under
CEQA. Thank you.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I strongly
urge you not to adopt the Ordinance as the Staff recommends. As you
know, PC zoning has been broken for decades. It's basically a racket. We
know it's a racket, because Jim Baer boasted that he had been hired by
more than two dozen developers to push PC zones. We have a major
problem.      The developer always overstates the public benefit and
understates the private benefit. I'll give you one example. A developer
came in where he was getting significant increase in office space, and he
claimed the office rentals would be only $4 a square foot taking the national
office rent, not the $7 a square foot in Palo Alto. Another example. There's
a building at the corner of Alma and Forest where one of the public benefits
was artwork on the wall, which they valued at more than $0.25 million.
That artwork was built by the developer's wife. If you look at it, it's not
$0.25 million. We need to stop proceeding with PC zones. You should not
use a PC zone as an excuse to ignore height limits, setbacks, FAR.
Furthermore, as I've given in my report, when the developer fails to provide
the public benefit—I can give you many examples where he did not give you
the public benefits—the penalty is zero. The City has never, never fined or
made any enforcement for the lack of public benefit. The Staff made that
comment last year, and I could verify that with a number of examples. Do
not approve the Ordinance before you tonight. Postpone discussion until
later. The Ordinance, by the way, was not available on a timely manner. I
was down here Thursday night, and it was not here. I couldn't get the
Ordinance even five days before the Council meeting. That's not the way
you should do business.

Bob Smith: Robert Smith, Greer Road. Good evening. The PC Ordinance is
a failure and should either be repealed completely or very substantially
altered. The proposed changes are window dressing and simply signal a
return to business as usual. Once the monster building is constructed, the
benefit is likely to be marginalized and scuttled altogether. The Ordinance
and its enforcement policies do not assure that the community will get the
benefits. I tried to find some things that could be added. Many of them
                                                                         Page 50 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
