                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I would love to. Thank you, Madam Mayor. I'm
going to recuse myself from this item due to real property interests that I
have within the current RPP District.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I'm not going to participate in this item. I actually
don't believe I have a conflict, but I'm going to actually ask the FPPC. In an
abundance of caution, I'm going to step out.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: My house is in the affected area, and so I'm going
to step out as well.

Mayor Holman: My situation is the same. I own real property in the
boundaries of the proposed and existing District, so I will also not be
participating. I will turn the meeting over to Vice Mayor Schmid.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, I also need to state that I own
property within the Downtown Residential Permit Parking District. I will
have to recuse myself also from the meeting.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all, and we will ...

Mr. Keene: Excuse me. This item of the meeting.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you all.   We will be rejoining you after this item.
Good luck.

Vice Mayor Schmid: If I could call the meeting back to order. We're on
Item Number 24, approval of expanded boundaries for the Downtown
Residential Preferential Parking Program. Staff, do you want to kick it off?

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Officer: Greetings, Mayor, members—
Vice Mayor, members of Council.           I'm Josh Mello, the City's Chief
Transportation Official. I'm joined this evening for the presentation by Sue-
Ellen Atkinson, who is our Parking Operations Lead.          It's actually her
birthday today, so please go easy on her. Coincidentally, it's also Jessica
Sullivan's birthday, so I volunteered to stand in for her this evening. She's
out having dinner, hopefully. I'm going to turn it over to Sue-Ellen, who's
going to give you a brief presentation, and then we'll be glad to answer any
questions.

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Parking Operations Lead: Good evening. Thanks for
having us. There's nowhere I would rather be tonight. Tonight we're going
                                                                       Page 30 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
