                         TRASNCRIPT
alive and going. There are no electrical, water or sewer lines on this site, so
any infrastructure that would require these amenities would bear the burden
of extra expense. I guess the example I'd give is the nearest sewer line is
up at the Interpretive Center. I already pointed out that emergency access
easement runs through, and that would need to be maintained. We could
not build on top of it. That's for emergency response and evacuation of
Foothills Park. There's also environmental regulations that preclude any
permanent structures within 15 feet from the banks of Buckeye Creek.
Lastly, I'll just point out that the 7.7-acre area is again bordered by private
residences. Privacy and noise are a concern, and we have to factor in as we
plan. The Parks and Recreation Commission discussed the possible uses for
the 7.7-acre parcel on January 27 and again on February 25.                 The
Commission considered a number of different options including opening up
the site in advance of the hydrology study for public use, which would
involve the Council directing Staff to put in the necessary fencing and gates
and perhaps adding a simple loop trail and a couple of park benches. This
option would cost about $50,000. That's $30,000 for the benches and about
$20,000 for that simple trail and these two park benches. However, after
careful consideration, the Commission voted unanimously to recommend
that we complete the hydrology study of Buckeye Creek in advance of
opening the site to the public. The basis for that recommendation stems
from the argument that completing the hydrology study first allow us to
understand how the possible solutions to correct the problems in this creek,
the erosion and the undercutting, may affect that 7.7 acres in advance of
investing and working in that site. The second point would be following best
management practices of designing and preparing new parkland prior to
opening up to the public. It provides a greater likelihood that we could
protect the park resources and provide park users with an experience they'll
enjoy. Lastly, I think I'd point out that waiting for the study to be completed
before designing the use for the site would allow us to benefit from the
analysis of the Parks Master Plan, which will be completed in advance of the
hydrology study. It helps put the needs and opportunities for this site in
context with the needs, opportunities and priorities for the entire park
system. The Commission also recommended that the Acterra nursery lease
be renewed so that the expiration of the lease would coincide with the
approximate timeframe to complete the hydrology study. The lease was set
to expire early this month. In advance of that, Staff renewed the lease for
an additional five years, but included an option to terminate that lease with
a 90-day notification.       Staff's been working very closely with Acterra
throughout this entire process, and they're supportive of this
recommendation. Staff will work quickly to complete this Buckeye Creek
hydrology study and return to the Parks and Recreation Commission and to
the public to create a well-informed recommendation for the use of the 7.7

                                                                        Page 47 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
