                          TRANSCRIPT
prerogatives are not limited in any way when it comes to communications
infrastructure and opportunity and to support the position that no entity
other than a city or county or town through its elected representatives
should make a decision about how it proceeds in broadband. Certainly not a
company located many states away or even a state legislature; local elected
officials are closest to their constituents. We've long advocated for that
position. That's a little bit of background on how we come to this process
and our background in this field. The work that we undertook here at the
direction of your Staff was to evaluate what the implications were, what the
costs were, the potential opportunities, the risks and the challenges of
municipal efforts in both fiber to the home and wireless and, based on our
experience and our expertise, to give you the best data possible that we
could to enable you to come to the best decision. Let me start by saying
that you have an extremely successful dark fiber network here that is well
operated and has been a leading network across the country as a model for
other municipalities. I think that track record is probably self-evident. What
we sought to do is to see how the existing fiber and that opportunity could
inform your efforts in fiber to the home and wireless and to look at some of
the challenges including some of the potential likely challenges from the
incumbent phone and cable companies which have traditionally rather
aggressively opposed municipal efforts in this space. Hence the need, for
example, for the Coalition for Local Internet Choice that I spoke about a few
minutes ago. Also to give you some cost estimates, both capital and
operating, around what it would take to build these networks based on our
experience throughout the United States and then also on the national fiber
to the home network in New Zealand. Let me start by talking about some of
the terminology we will use. We talk about a municipal overbuild which is
what was contemplated here in the context of fiber to the premises. I use
the term fiber to the home interchangeably with fiber to the premises.
Essentially, what we're talking about is direct fiber optic connections into all
homes and all businesses. That's a terminology thing. If I say fiber to the
home, I mean the entirety of the community including the business market.
The term overbuild is the one that refers to a second or a third builder
coming into a market and building a wireline broadband network where one
already exists. Given that there is a cable network here that reaches almost
all homes and businesses, the next network to enter would be an overbuild.
You actually have two existing wireline networks, one built by the phone
company using a much older technology and one built by the cable
company. The challenge with municipal overbuilds is actually common to
commercial overbuilds as well, which is that the extremely high capital costs
of broadband communications infrastructure are required in order to build a
competing network, but a second or third or fourth entrant into a market is
now sharing the potential market with the existing provider. Unlike the first
provider who had the capital costs but had the entirety of the market to
                                                                         Page 13 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
