                         TRASNCRIPT
State Library for clarification. In the past when you have e-books, you're
paying for a certain number and you select them. We want to be clear on—
when you purchase CDs, you purchase a certain number. That one's
awaiting clarification, why it's still a draft.

Council Member Burt: One other thing is at Mitchell we have both the new
library and the new community center. You have a great teen room that's
very popular. Then we have a teen community center that is not very
popular yet. We have our Libraries and Community Services in two separate
departments. I know that you collaborate to some degree. I think what's
going on at the Mitchell Teen Center is an area that asks for even greater
collaboration. What was it? Yesterday, when we had the project anybody,
the team green program, which was a big hit. There were like 200 people
there. I asked a teen coming out of the library—he's probably a freshman in
high school or 8th grader—and asked him what he thought of the teen
center. He said, "I haven't really gone there at all" and didn't know
anything. He loved the library; he spent a lot of time in the library there.
I'm not saying we should shoo him out of the library and get him over to the
teen center, but I'm saying there's an imbalance between how well the teen
center at the library has been received and pretty poorly a great potential in
the community center.        I'll just leave it that I'd really like to see
collaboration and, kind of connected with that, as we've discussed there's a
question of MakerSpace at one of those two places. Is there any update or
do you have any further plans for any limited MakerSpace with the Library?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: We are planning Maker kits and Maker programs focused
on specific projects. Those will be happening at the Library. There will be, I
think, some Makey Makey kits that kids and teens will be able to checkout.
We've done some other programs around robotics and things like that. We
will continue that. CSD has assumed administration and working with the
teens in the MakeX Space. That's gone to CSD. It became an oversight
actual challenge, since there was no library at Cubberley anymore for the
Staff to be able to make sure no one was cutting off a finger or (crosstalk).
That didn't happen.

Council Member Burt: Yeah, it's a good space over there, but it's pretty
isolated. The kids have to know it's there and go there specifically for that
purpose to be able to take advantage of it. Okay. Another thing that I've
heard from teens, certainly at the teen center and to some degree using the
library, is that a lot of high schoolers especially those in the north half of
Palo Alto think they don't have access to be able to get to Mitchell Library.
As somebody who rides down Bryant there and finds it very convenient from
North Palo Alto, I'm a little surprised by that. We have a shuttle system that
goes down at least Middlefield. I have the sense from talking with the
                                                                        Page 9 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
