                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Your question is a very broad one.
The Staff Report identifies a number of different lawsuits. They concern
different legal theories, different statutes, and different segments of the line.
The High Speed Rail Authority has determined that they are able to issue
this initial draft and get this process started. I have no doubt that various
concerned parties up and down the line will be looking at those processes
and asking if the environmental rules and other laws are being complied with
at each stage. It could be that some challenges are brought. I think at this
point they've looked at it, and they feel they're able to take this initial step.

Mayor Holman: In the bigger picture though, even if they can take this
initial step, the potentiality still exists. I guess it's more of a comment. It
seems to me more of a potentiality exists certainly for a patchwork kind of
system, which has been one of the concerns all along. In terms of wanting
to expend some funds for drawings, we're going to need them whether it's
HSR or whether it's Caltrain. We're still going to need the drawings for the
community to understand and decision makers to better understand what
we're looking at visually. Nothing tells a story better than a picture. I would
support some funding on that. I also would like to suggest that we might be
able to find very similar circumstances with other cities fairly near to us that
we could share the cost even of that with other cities. I also agree with
some of the comments that have been made about comprehensive solutions
and about not letting the High Speed Rail Authority try to tell us what we're
going to do and when we're going to do it. It isn't the elephant in the room,
because it's been identified as an elephant a long time ago. That doesn't
mean, though, that we have to be whip-sawed by it. I think Council Member
DuBois was talking about looking at a broader scheme with other cities north
south. I think that's true. When it comes to both north-south, the letter
that the Mayors and City Managers that you have in front of you we talked
about comprehensive solutions. Vice Mayor Schmid commented about this
too, comprehensive solutions. While we are pretty much driven by the
Caltrain line and 101 and 280, that's all north-south, but we do need to have
some more comprehensive discussions about east-west migration as well.
That also means cooperation with other cities. I'm going to stop there. I
think there were at least three other Council Members who wanted to have a
second round of comments. Why don't we try to see if we can make this
second round, let's try to do three minutes. If we need another round, then
we'll do that. Questions and comments still. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff:     I obviously would be thrilled if we had a
comprehensive solution along the lines of what Council Member DuBois said.
One of the things I think we have to think a little bit about is that the
regional agencies which should be driving those, which are basically the
Caltrain Board and VTA, have shown no inclination to do this. Whereas, I
                                                                           Page 26 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
