                          TRANSCRIPT
housing projects are going to get built. Surely there is an alternative. I
would prefer to get rid of Planned Community zoning. That said, most of the
recommendations I feel are either incomplete or actually weaken the
substantial public benefit part of what we have already. That's not the
direction we want to go in when we talk about reform. That's not what, I
think, residents of Palo Alto expect after the last two years of uproar about
such things. I'd like to direct your attention to the very first section of the
PC Regs, 18.38.010, which sets out the purpose for the benefit for PCs. The
main part is the Planned Community District is particularly intended for
unified, comprehensively planned developments which are of substantial
public benefit. The development is the public benefit. The public benefit is
intrinsic to the development. However, in the recommendations, Staff is
recommending changing that language to developments which will result in
substantial public benefits. We've gone from intrinsic to codifying extrinsic
public benefits, and it can't be any surprise that that is weakening the public
benefit. I want to just quickly say one other thing. Also in that section is a
laundry list of the kind of developments that fit into this Ordinance. The old,
tired laundry list is still included by Staff. If we were to update that, if we
are going to keep Planned Community zoning, it would go a long way
towards zoning for what we really want in this community at this point in
time.     Affordable housing, retail, social, cultural, artistic, historical
preservation instead of office, administrative, all of these other things that
are in the Ordinance now and that Staff wants to retain. Deeply flawed
recommendations, incomplete. Please keep the moratorium. We can't pass
this tonight. Here are more detailed remarks by me for all of you. Thank
you. Sorry I went over time.

Adrian Fine, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you, Mayor
Holman and Council Members. I'm Adrian Fine. I'm here speaking on behalf
of the Planning Commission.         We'd be happy to answer any of your
questions. PC zoning is obviously a very divisive issue in Palo Alto. The PTC
had a few heated discussions about it, as I'm sure you will tonight and
maybe in the future. However, the overall feeling of the PTC is that PC
zoning can be a useful mechanism to consider what projects might be
possible in Palo Alto. This doesn't mean the City has to consider every
single project. Some of our suggestions included in the Staff Report focused
on submitting these projects to a deeper and earlier prescreening
requirement as well as a few enforcement mechanisms. The PTC overall, I
think, felt that applicants should have the leeway in submitting a range of
project types, knowing that the final decision lies with you, the Council.
There were a few major areas of disagreement on our Commission,
specifically extrinsic versus intrinsic benefits, cash payments to the City in
exchange for zoning benefits, and how to structure the enforcement. I was
trying to explain PC zoning to a friend this morning. She said she just didn't
                                                                         Page 53 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
