                          TRANSCRIPT
are design elements, if we end up including those, then those would be more
appropriate to the ARB. Staff may want to think about that process.
Depending on which criteria, would it be one body or we separate that so
one body reviews certain appropriate criteria and the other other ones. We
need to determine that. I'm okay with these being placeholder motions. I
would omit the ARB. I would simply say approval of the appropriate
advisory body and will determine ...

Council Member Kniss: Why don't we make that change? It simply will say
approval by the appropriate advisory body and not name it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you accept that?

Council Member Scharff: I wanted to hear from Director Gitelman. I think
she had a different notion when she drafted this about how this would work.

Mayor Holman: Can I offer something, just to try to move us along? That's
a nuance that can be determined when the ordinance comes back to us and
is reviewed by the Planning Commission, instead of us trying to hash it out
tonight.

Council Member Scharff: This is an important motion. Putting in the office
cap is really important, and we should get the answers to this stuff and be
correct about it and deliberate in it. I realize that we need to get stuff done
tonight, but that shouldn't sacrifice what we're doing.

Mayor Holman: We're only talking about which review body is going to
make the recommendation. That's all I'm referring to.

Council Member Scharff: I wanted Director Gitelman to say how she was
planning—I believe she wasn't planning on having a review body. She's
talking about the ARB early stuff. Looking at this, you go to that and then
you score it after the ARB had done some of that stuff. I'm not sure that
this is the correct approach.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can clarify. Our recommendation was that applications
basically be processed the way they are today. If something requires review
by the ARB, it would be reviewed by the ARB. Then it would be on hold.
The ARB would recommend approval, but it would stay on hold and no
decision would be made until we knew whether the annual limit was going to
be exceeded. At that point, if the annual limit was not going to be
exceeded, the Director could make the decision. The project could be
approved, and it could be appealed or not to the City Council. If the annual
limit was going to be exceeded, then Staff would apply the criteria and bring
the projects to the Council for the Council to decide which projects go
                                                                        Page 75 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
