                          TRANSCRIPT
to work together. I compliment Jim Keene as our City Manager. I'm so
delighted that he is our City Manager, as well as Dennis Burns and Chief
Nickel. We're very fortunate in Palo Alto having these City leaders. Lastly, I
want to tell you I did apply for my parking permit. I had no problem getting
it. It was really easy, so thank you.

Roberta Alquist: I'm representing the Women's International League for
Peace and Freedom. I have been a resident of Palo Alto for 50 years, and I
have seen many changes, many of them good and many of them not so
good. I'm speaking primarily about the situation for people who are at the
bottom of the heap, so called. Individual racism occurs in great part
because of a fear of difference. Kids need to learn about difference early on.
They need to learn about skin color difference, socio-economic difference,
linguistic, religious, all kinds of differences. In Palo Alto, that's not as easy
to do as it is in East Palo Alto. Institutional racism is practice when policies
by city and other governmental agencies reproduce racism by their policies
around segregation, separation on the basis of income and whatever else.
I'm advocating a more ethnically, racially and socio-economically diverse
city, and linguistically. If we look at Finland, a very small country that is
very homogeneous and trying very hard to integrate political refugees from
other parts of the world, equity in Finland is the bottom line. Not equality
but equity. That means bring the bottom up, not give everybody the same.
Towards that end, I would like to argue that Palo Alto is a rather rich and
white enclave and that poverty wages are not a way to treat people who
work in the City but can't afford to live here. I'd like to advocate three
things: that the City Council take action immediately to freeze rents; to halt
commercial development until housing and the vacancy rate is changed from
.004 to something more acceptable; and that we select all sites left in the
City for affordable housing.

Ruth Tarnopolsky: My name is Ruth Tarnopolsky. I live on Jackson Drive
since 1980. This is walking distance from the Edgewood Center. Madam
Mayor, Council Members, City officers, this is my first time since 1980
addressing this important body, so I'm requesting your leave on my
mistakes. I hope to abide by the guidelines. I am here to add my support
for the establishment of a grocery store as originally planned for the
Edgewood Center site. It is essential for our sense of community. After
reading about the requirements of a $500 fine a day, I want to also add my
support for the CCR change to a $5,000 a day fine. We need to actively
encourage the developer to speedily locate a prospective grocer and make
conditions that enable his or her survival there, even if it entails a lower rent
than originally planned. Thank you very much.



                                                                            Page 6 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
