                          TRANSCRIPT
appeals that we didn't previously have or weren't previously clear. I just
want to ask Staff, can you envision any circumstance, if we adopt these
changes, where currently something would go before a public Board,
whether it's ARB, Council or PTC and, after passing these changes, that
public approval or hearing would no longer happen? I just want basically
reassurance that this does not reduce any public engagement, public
hearings or approvals by public bodies. It doesn't look like it does to me,
but I know that there's been some questions and discussions about that in
the community. I wanted to make sure that we're really clear that this does
not diminish any public engagement.

Mr. Lait: Are you talking specifically about 18.31.030 or are you ...

Council Member Wolbach: Just specifically 18.31, the delegation of CEQA
authority, incorporation of State CEQA guidelines and CEQA appeals.

Ms. Silver: The one area where we were just discussing at the Staff level is
that there is currently some uncertainty about who reviews EIRs and what
type of public hearing should be conducted in connection with an EIR. The
old guidelines, that were adopted years ago that are quite outdated now, do
say that the Planning Commission should conduct a hearing on the EIR. I
believe that was at a time when the Planning Commission was making
decisions on projects, and so it made sense in that context that the Planning
Commission conduct a CEQA hearing in connection with a project that it was
making a decision on. However, now the Planning Commission does not
always make decisions on projects. In those situations, the EIR would not
go to the Planning Commission if they're not ruling on the underlying
entitlement. That's one area where perhaps you might see a difference.
There would still be a public hearing on the EIR; it would just take place in
front of a different body, either the ARB or the City Council.

Council Member Wolbach:         I guess the primary area of concern or
consternation might be actually that first line about the PCE Director or other
decision maker as delegated by this Code shall have the authority to make
CEQA decisions. I just want to make sure we weren't moving things away
from any of the public bodies to the Planning Director through that process.
I was pretty sure of that; I was about 95 percent. I'm just looking for that 5
percent reassurance. With that, I'd actually be happy, if it's all right, to
move the Staff recommendation on this one.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to approve Ordinance Sections 16-21, modifying Municipal Code
Chapters 18.20-18.52.
                                                                        Page 93 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
