                             MINUTES
Mayor Holman requested the City Manager comment regarding ways the
Council could utilize the list in the discussion of Priorities.

Council Member Scharff wanted to know the amount of man hours required
for each City department. Obviously Utilities Staff were not working on land
use issues. He asked if the Council would prioritize projects within each City
department. He suggested ranking a specified number of elements in each
category as high, medium and low. However, high, medium, and low would
need to be defined. There had to be some correlation between the list and
the number of Staff for each item.

Mr. Keene questioned the relationship between elements and Priorities.
Because Council Members suggested all the elements as Priorities, Staff
wanted to identify the initiatives or tasks or work that the Council requested.
Staff could sharpen or segment some of the components in the next few
weeks. If the Council identified other Priorities, then Staff would revise the
list. Staff was in the process of developing a more detailed, full work plan
with gap analyses of daily operations in order to understand allocation of
work and time within each department. Within the next week or two, Staff
could be more specific about the Staff and time budget for projects and
initiatives and be able to inform the Council about the impacts of shifting
priorities.

Council Member Burt felt the Council had to utilize the same meanings of
rankings when giving importance ranking to items. The Council should
consider removing any elements that did not need policy-based input.
Utilities projects should be separated with respect to policy issues on non-
infrastructure and infrastructure.      The Council instituted the Business
Registry as a means to obtain data that would inform policy decisions for
other initiatives; therefore, the ranking of the Business Registry could affect
work on other priority initiatives. After attending the recent Transportation
Management Association (TMA) meeting, he was concerned that statements
made in the meeting did not meet the Council's intentions. Those things
needed to be framed and brought before the Council for at least Council
understanding of the issues and Council guidance. Several years ago the
Council did discuss red light cameras. He was willing to explore them as
public safety innovations and to increase efficiency of providing services, but
not as a revenue source.

Robert Moss stated if a task was identified as having a high priority, the
Council should identify the issues about which it was concerned. The Council
should consider changing the assumed population density of office workers.
He questioned whether the area around Downtown and California Avenue
should be expanded for preserving ground-floor retail.

                                                                          Page 4 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 01/31/2015
