                          TRANSCRIPT
preparation of an Environmental Impact Report for the segment between
San Francisco and San Jose. Upcoming open houses are currently scheduled
for tonight, or were for tonight, in San Jose, for Wednesday September 23rd
in Morgan Hill, and for Wednesday October 7th in Burlingame.               Not
necessarily very convenient for folks and our citizens in our region to
participate.    We asked the High Speed Rail Authority to schedule an
additional meeting in the mid-Peninsula area. Our request was rejected,
saying that the initial outreach meetings have been set. The northern region
director did indicate that he and his staff would be available to meet with us,
but I think that misses the point of having open houses that invite the public
as a whole to be here. I did want to report on that piece of it. Council
Member Burt, Council Member DuBois and City Staff received a preview and
a presentation on September 2nd. To those who have been tracking high
speed rail since it's voter approval in 2008, moving forward with an EIR for
the San Francisco to San Jose section at this time came as a surprise. The
High Speed Rail Authority had previously implied that they would not begin
environmental clearance until Caltrain modernization, in other words
electrification, was completed or close to it. They're now presenting a
schedule to release a draft EIR in the winter of 2016 and have a final EIR
approved in the summer of 2017. This would mean completion of the
environmental review process in approximately 24 months.               We are
concerned—I'm sure the Council is—especially that it would provide very
limited opportunities for community review and input and to be able to
effectively use the context sensitive solutions process which the City's
advocated for in the past, which we certainly thought the high speed rail had
committed to. In addition, sort of starting the process of drafting the EIR at
this time could be confusing for the public given that Caltrain modernization
is going through its final design phase. The Clerk, working with the Mayor,
is polling for a special meeting for the Council on Tuesday, October 13th. I
don't know if that will end up working, but the idea was to be able to
schedule this Caltrain EIR discussion for that meeting. At the same time, to
try to look at bringing the agenda item for more of the strategic
conversation on the County's proposed sales tax measure and more time for
discussion as a follow-up to the presentation tonight. Both the high speed
rail EIR issue and obviously the discussions that we've been having here
tonight and what is in the City's concern all start to converge and align as
they relate to the issues around grade sep and that sort of thing. Hopefully
we'll be able to make that meeting work. If not, we'll try to get those items
scheduled as quickly as possible. Secondly, related to the ongoing northern
California wildfires, I know they've been in the news. You're probably pretty
well informed on them. I did want to restate again that over the weekend
we deployed two fire engines and crews to help battle both the Butte fire
which is burning in the Sierra foothills as well as the Valley fire which is
burning in Lake County. Captain Bill Dale, Apparatus Operator/Paramedic
                                                                        Page 92 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
