                          TRANSCRIPT
website, cityofpaloalto.org/meetthestreet. That's all I have to report. Thank
you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         Council Member Wolbach, question?            We're
canceling that question.

Oral Communications

Mayor Holman: We now go to Oral Communications. We have four
speakers. Irene Kane to be followed by Dr. Leah Rogers. Is Irene Kane
here?   Not seeing her, we go to Dr. Leah Rogers, to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Leah Rogers: I'm Leah Rogers. I have a degree in hydrogeology from
Stanford. I'd like to address the issue of the dewatering. For most of my
career at Lawrence Livermore National Lab, I modeled flow and transport in
the subsurface. I've read the reports for 2004, 2008 and would like to make
a couple of points for the Council about them. The first is that the zone of
influence on the groundwater is much larger than, I think, the tens of feet
that these reports suggest. We call this the cone of depression in the water
table aquifer.     If you look at the full range of possible hydrologic
connectivities in the subsurface, it's quite likely to be on the order of
hundreds of feet. If you might imagine this cone going out in all directions
to not just the neighboring property, but maybe the neighboring two or
three properties. I think that it's also good to look at the fact that there are
often several of these dewatering projects going on in any neighborhood,
and those can be cumulative effects. It might not impact the neighbor who
is religiously watering every day against all City guidance, but the
conscientious neighbor that's trying to do that 40 percent that the City
Manager was talking about, that's really already got some pretty stressed
landscaping. They might be the ones that find that they lose a tree or two
or a hedge and not properly understand what the impact of the dewatering
projects in their neighborhood were. The other point I'd like to make is that
the idea that these rewetting processes are completely reversible is also
very problematic to the degree that we have quite a few clays and such.
Maybe some of you have done pottery and you started off with wet clay and
you made a bowl and it was a very different entity after drying for a couple
of days than the original clay that you were working with. Even if you put
that in a bathtub full of water, it still isn't going to return in the same way to
what it was before. This uneven rewetting which we call hysteretic soil
compaction reeks havoc on foundations and such. It's quite plausible that
some of the additional cracks in foundations and walls that neighbors have
been noticing and complaining about do in fact find a great impact from the
scale of these dewatering projects. In concluding, I'd like to second the

                                                                          Page 22 of 107
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/5/15
