                         TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Williams: He's in semi-retirement. Some people have asked to have
him join block parties and other events that are going on around town. We'll
probably let him go and do whatever he wants.

3.   Selection of Applicants to Interview on August 26, 2015 for the Utilities
     Advisory Commission.

Mayor Holman: Do I have a motion?

Council Member Berman: I'll move that we interview all of the applicants for
the Utilities Advisory Commission.

Mayor Holman: Do we have a second?

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Berman, seconded by Council
Member DuBois.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to interview all applicants for the Utilities Advisory Commission.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, do you have a question?

Council Member Kniss: Because I'm voting no, I should explain why. We
have just appointed someone who resigned almost instantly. This is another
whole set of candidates. I would have been slightly more selective, but
thank you, Council Member Berman.

Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. That passes on a 7-1 vote with
Council Member Kniss voting no per her comments.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Kniss no, Scharff absent

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman: We have none.

James Keene, City Manager: Madam Mayor, the only one I might point out
is Item Number 28 under Legislative Matters. We have a short item related
to the special legislative session on transportation and infrastructure
funding. We thought we might combine that when you're discussing the VTA
in Item Number 24 and just dispense with that item at that time. I think it'll
be very short at the end of that particular item. Then we can let the Staff
                                                                       Page 27 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
