                          TRANSCRIPT
realize that no site is going to be perfect. We really shouldn't let the perfect
be the enemy of the really good in this instance. We've done that for a long
time. This has gone on for numerous reasons, but it's time that we come to
a decision on a site and mitigate whatever issues might exist and start
moving forward so that we can develop this new Public Safety Building for
Palo Alto for the next 50 years. This is a really exciting step. I have a
couple of questions. This might have come up when we discussed this;
although, I wasn't on Council in 2012. On Slide 6 you guys have the 2012
Public Safety Building space program.        Staff has done a good job of
becoming much more efficient with space and shrinking the size of the Public
Safety Building from the first proposal. I took a trip down memory lane and
was reading the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission report that we put
together. It cites the San Mateo Police Department and how they combined
their Emergency Operations Center, a training room and a public meeting
room into one flexible space where technology enables conversion on-
demand for any of those uses. I don't know that we have a joint Emergency
Operations Center and training room, but we have a separate community
room. Was there any discussion about merging those three into one room
that can have multiple uses?

Mr. Sartor: Yes, there was some discussion. We are also including in our
tasks for this siting to look at that again.

Council Member Berman: Might as well be as efficient as we can with space.
I'll ask a couple of questions about other possible sites before I talk about
the sites that have been proposed. Can you elaborate a little bit on what
conversations we've had with the Stanford Research Park and with Stanford
University about potential sites in the Research Park? The Staff Report
touches upon it a little bit. How creative have we tried to get in terms of
possibly finding a useable site in the Research Park and on the periphery as
close to town as possible?

Mr. Eggleston: I wouldn't say that we've tried to get creative in this. We
had a list of a few sites in the Research Park. When we made contact with
Stanford, the question we asked was would they be amenable to working
with us to try to identify a site or looking at sites that we had identified. We
specifically mentioned that it could be a similar situation to the lease we
have with Fire Station Number 2 on Hanover. I'm not the person who was in
those conversations. Hamid Ghaemmaghami, the Real Estate Manager,
might be able to add more. I was told that Stanford said they would be
happy for us to use the Fire Station Number 2 site if we could use it for this
purpose, but at this time they weren't interested in working with us to find a
site. They essentially have no sites available, and they would be happy to


                                                                          Page 33 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
