                          TRANSCRIPT
101 bridge tonight. That is the Comprehensive Plan and Infrastructure.
Your third Priority, the Built Environment. Again, in transportation and
parking, a successful design community process. I think some good results
in the Phase 1 of RPP. Of course, tonight you'll be talking about where to go
from here in the Phase 2. The traffic signal optimization will soon be bearing
fruit as it at least improves some of our local mobility, the TDM and
particularly through the TMA measures. Again, a lot of planning, design
work by the Staff. You'll see some of these things will be big for next year.
The Bike Pedestrian Plan. Even exploring new concepts such as mobility as
a service, as to how we start to link things together. Then the two garages,
both on Cal. Avenue and in Downtown. Again, you talk tonight about the
Downtown garage. The Cal. Avenue garage is intertwined with the proposal
for the Public Safety Building. In the realm of livability, beyond traffic and
parking, you directed that we pursue some preemptive efforts to protect
retail, which our Planning Staff and Attorneys and others worked on. The
office cap, again, assertive and an intervention, almost kind of a move to
sort of catch our breath and see where we are. The single story overlay
wasn't at all in any of the concepts of our work plans and yet the community
desires to deal with those things. Our Staff picked up with you and
proceeded with some improvements there. Work on some of our Code
cleanup. Again, I think a very successful resolution and way forward on the
CPI project, something that certainly over the last decade involved our City.
In many ways, we moved it to a point of success in decisions and moving
forward. In the realm of livability beyond the built environment, I took the
liberty of going off script here. I didn't put the Council Priority there. These
things are important to livability, and certainly our Mayor this year certainly
stressed a lot in these areas. Just as it relates to arts and culture, our Public
Art, the rotating Public Art, the quality of it, the Narduli installation
Conversations in City Hall which we hope to have up in the new year which
will mine active, live conversations from people in our community real time
in City Hall. You got a sense last night just at the tour of the Art Center on
what we've done. Of course, continued growth with kids and everything as
it relates to what happens out at our Children's Theatre. In the realm of
special events that make life so livable, I remember—you've heard me talk
about it before and many of you were on the Council. I think Council
Member Burt was Mayor the year that Paly won the football championship,
the boys won the football championship in the state and the girls won the
volleyball championship. We decided to have a parade up and down, come
down through Centennial Alley. One of the things that struck me—I'm just
speaking for myself—and anybody else was how meaningful those coming
together events are for many people in our community. In many ways they
represent as much as they see sort of proactively from the City, and it does
really enrich our lives. This year we had the Heart Across America, a bike
event, for stroke awareness. You see the picture there. We had the For the
                                                                           Page 6 of 126
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/14/15
