                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: This is a viable alternative. There's a hybrid between
those as well which is that the stakeholder categories could still come to the
Council approval. We could delegate to the City Manager and Staff the
selection of the individuals to serve within each of those categories or
represent those categories. I would be open to that process. In the SOFA
plan, it did come to Council. We had applicants for each of the stakeholder
groups, and the Council selected. It can go either way. I could live with
either way. Let me go back to the maker after those comments and see
what she says.

Mayor Holman: If we can add "Staff shall return to the Council with a
proposal of stakeholder ...

Council Member Burt: Categories.

Mayor Holman: Yes. Categories is fine. To replace...

Council Member Burt: Would it replace?

Mayor Holman: No, no, no. That was for myself. "With Council Members
having the capability of making working group member recommendations to
City Manager and Staff."

Council Member Burt: Let me ask how that process would go. That sounds
pretty ad hoc. That Council Member who shouts the loudest in the ear of the
City Manager gets the appointment made.

Mayor Holman: I would hope the City Manager has enough experience not
to listen more to somebody who yells louder.

Council Member Burt: We're free to encourage people to apply for the
stakeholder positions. As far as trying to be those who would influence the
City Manager to make certain selections and not others, that gets politicized.

Mayor Holman:      I could see that.    Then the motion would stop after
categories.

Council Member Burt: It would really be to select. That's what we mean by
forming, right? What we haven't talked about here is the scope and purpose
either. Let me add this then.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to change “selection process and the purposes” to
“proposal of Stakeholder categories, along with a proposed purpose and
scope.”

                                                                         Page 53 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
