                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I did have some quick questions. Just real quick
so I understand the plan. Are all the places where the hard medians are
being put in currently double-double yellow lines?

Council Member Kniss: Where the what color?

Council Member DuBois: A single double, you can make a left-turn into a
driveway, but a double-double median you cannot. I'm wondering if all the
places where we're preventing left-hand turns are currently prohibited.

Mr. Zwedie: Most of the locations if not all are locations where we have
previously have the double yellow lines that prevent left turns across the
median. The hardscapes would basically make those permanent.

Council Member DuBois: Sorry, so they are double ...

Mr. Zwedie: The hardscape, the median curbs will make that permanent.
We'd basically raise the curbs along those double yellow lines.

Council Member DuBois: Are they double doubles?

Mr. Zwedie: The double doubles, yeah.

Council Member DuBois: Has Caltrans agreed to the changes on El Camino?

Ms. Boyd: Working with Caltrans is kind of like a Catch 22. They don't want
to talk to you until you have a preferred Concept Plan Line. We have sent
them the improvement in that intersection for El Camino. They've looked at
it. They asked for a cost estimate of the proposed improvements within
their right-of-way. They told us that they anticipate an encroachment
permit process which is a lot easier, more simplified than a peers process.
Once this plan moves forward, we'll be able to work with them more. They
have seen the plan and they've told us that the process would be to do an
encroachment permit application.

Council Member DuBois: One of the speakers asked about emergency
vehicles. Could those medians be low enough that an emergency vehicle
could drive over it?

Ms. Boyd: We will work with the Fire Department in the next stages of the
design. The medians could be designed with mountable aprons, so response
                                                                    Page 95 of 130
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 9/28/15
