             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                               June 15, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:08 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
           Wolbach

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

1.   Presentation of a Donation Check from           the   Palo   Alto    Library
     Foundation to the Palo Alto City Library.

Susie Thom, Palo Alto Library Foundation President: Good evening, Mayor
Holman, Vice Mayor Kniss and Council Members. I'm Susie Thom, a resident
of Palo Alto and President of the Palo Alto Library Foundation. The mission
of the Palo Alto Library Foundation is to spearhead fundraising campaigns to
support a modern, dynamic library system that meets the needs of everyone
in our City. With the reopening of the Rinconada Library last February, the
last of our City libraries to be remodeled, that's exactly what we have:
vibrant library locations with modern facilities and fantastic programming,
dozens of new computers and thousands more books, DVDs and e-books for
the City collection. The Palo Alto Library Foundation Board of Directors
believes we have completed our mission.          Early this year, we voted
unanimously to cease operations on June 30, 2015, the end of our fiscal
year. Over our 14 years, we have had 22 Board Members, been the grateful
recipient from 1,973 members of our community, received gifts ranging from
$5 to $1.5 million and, with our gift today, provided the City with $4.8
million for our libraries. One of our Board Members has graciously put
together our history in this binder, and we'll be giving that to the Palo Alto
Historical Association. Due to the generosity of our donors, we exceeded the
Launch Our Libraries fundraising goal. It's our pleasure to present a check
for $320,000 to the City dedicated specifically for our libraries. I'd like to
recognize our former and current Board Members, who are behind me. We
have some of our founding Board Members with us tonight as well. If you
would stand please. If all of you could please join us as we celebrate our


                                                                         Page 1 of 145
