                          TRANSCRIPT

schedule.    I simply said that I think we should continue to have an
aggressive schedule and that the subcommittee process would not
necessarily be additive to the timeline. It doesn't mean it wouldn't add
anything, but it's not like it's going to ultimately drive a major extension of
the timeline necessarily. What I heard from Council Member DuBois is that
he assumes it will add something. I don't think we're very far apart on that.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, just since we're deep into this already, if I
could ask another question? I heard from Council Member DuBois the idea
that where currently our schedule shows two topics being discussed in a
meeting, we would split that apart. We'd end up adding some meetings and
extending the schedule that way.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Ms. Gitelman: What I heard from Council Member Burt is that we really
want to do a much deeper dive and have longer time for deliberation in
addition to the use of subcommittees on many of the topics being discussed.
To me, that sounds like a slightly different and expanded version.

Council Member Burt: My comments around the deliberation were focused
on having the subcommittees do the bulk of the deliberation.             The
subcommittee will have roughly representative of the diversity of the
Committee as a whole. They'll have vetted these things and have greater
knowledge that they obtained because this was a group that dove into a
given subject matter. They wade through it in a smaller group more
efficiently, and come to the main Committee and say, "Here's what we've
come up with."       The Committee may have some places where they'll
disagree, but in all likelihood the bulk of the times that subcommittee work
will streamline the work of the main Committee. That's my point about it
not all being additive. The work of the subcommittee will also reduce time
from the primary Committee.

Council Member Berman: I'll be quick. One thing, Director Gitelman, I'd
encourage you to do is reach out to the Staff who were in charge of the
IBRC and get their thoughts on how they did the subcommittee process. I
thought it worked pretty well, and we did it pretty quickly. The Committee
members have to do more work, but it's worth it. Following up on your
point, I just want to ask my colleagues in whatever we lose by appointing
these members a week or two later, do we gain more by having the
application process open until August 30th, a Sunday, an extra week to give
people time to apply versus the week from tonight? If people aren't
                                                                       Page 133 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
