                         TRANSCRIPT
and surveillance technology afternoon. I first attended a discussion on
drones and drone technology and what that means for cities, both with
governmental and private drones. After that I joined City Attorney Molly
Stump and also her new fellow who has joined her office, our first Legal
Fellow in Palo Alto. I joined them for the City Attorney's conference which
was in the same building. It was interesting that the only place where you
actually had desks and people doing work while listening to presentations
was the City Attorney's, at least that I saw. I joined them for a discussion
about privacy and surveillance technology. Following that, I sat in on a
discussion, for those of us without desks, on emerging issues in law
enforcement which also highlighted use of body-worn cameras, etc. With all
these together, it highlighted the importance of recognizing emerging
technology and what it means for us, especially with city applications. I
want to thank City Manager Jim Keene and Assistant City Manager Ed
Shikada and others who responded to my questions on very short order
regarding Item Number 9 on tonight's agenda and addressing my concerns
there. Thank you for that. Also will just mention that I did hear really high
regard expressed by a number of people who I encountered from around the
state about Jim Keene, Molly Stump, Eric Nickel our Fire Chief, and also
Dennis Burns our Police Chief, who are well recognized as experts in their
respective fields. I think they deserve public recognition for that.

Council Member Kniss: I heard the same and would underscore it.

Mayor Holman: Glow. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) prophet in their hometown, as the saying goes.

Council Member Kniss: Once you get out of town, they really like you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a quick report on the BAWSCA meeting. BAWSCA
is the 24 Bay Area cities that get their water from Hetch Hetchy through San
Francisco. They had a summary of the conservation program and goals.
Over the summer, the 24 cities have done a wonderful job achieving
conservation rates from 24 to 31 percent. One troubling data point came.
They have been collecting combinations of dryness and warmth at Hetch
Hetchy for 100 years. The four-year average of this year was the worst in
the 100-year history. Disturbing note about the long-term outlook in the
South Sierra.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll keep it quick. Again, the League of Cities
conference was great. Went to a variety of topics. Also went to the drone
policy talk which was interesting. I went to one on labor negotiations. In
                                                                     Page 104 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
