                             MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez advised that Staff could install near-term improvements over
the summer if the Council liked them.

Council Member Scharff requested Staff reiterate near-term improvements
for the Churchill Avenue Project.

Mr. Rodriguez replied construction of the bicycle exit ramp and parking
restrictions on the south side of Churchill Avenue between Castilleja Avenue
and Mariposa Avenue.

Council Member Scharff stated other improvements would be designed as
shown even though funding had not been identified. He asked if there were
near-term improvements for the Maybell Avenue Project.

Mr. Rodriguez proposed either the sharrows option or a southbound green
bike lane for the El Camino Way section.

Council Member Scharff reiterated the Council's policy choices for near-term
improvements on Maybell Avenue were 1) doing nothing, 2) install sharrows,
or 3) implement a southbound bike lane.

Mr. Rodriguez clarified those near-term improvements would be installed on
El Camino Way. The other near-term improvement for the Maybell Avenue
Project could be selective time-of-day restrictions for use by bicyclists and
pedestrians only.

Council Member Scharff felt the Council could approve the Churchill Avenue
Project near-term improvements.          Community concerns regarding
improvements for the Maybell Avenue Project were unclear. He inquired
whether it was too early to implement parking restrictions.

Mr. Rodriguez explained that Staff would begin community outreach if the
Council approved parking restrictions. If there was strong opposition, Staff
would not implement parking restrictions. In the design phase Staff would
report why they did not implement the parking restrictions to the Council.
Staff needed time to refine the design concept and work on hours of
restrictions with the community.

Council Member Scharff liked Staff's proposals for the Churchill Avenue
Project. He requested the location of the smooth transition to the trail at the
intersection of Churchill Avenue and Palo Alto High School.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that a bicyclist traveling from Alma Street would take
the exit ramp and loop back.

Council Member Scharff stated no one would do that.

01/20/2015                                                             216- 345
