                         TRANSCRIPT
stick with your project priorities and your commitment for an integrated
transportation plan for the county where the most cost-effective solutions
are prioritized. I think this is the best way to address our transportation
needs with greater quality of life and while addressing climate change. The
excessively expensive BART extensions and expressway-widening projects
that guarantee more cars is not the solution we need. Silicon Valley can do
much better with this. With your commitment, you can make it happen.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         Omar Chatty to be followed by our final
speaker, Adina Levin.

Omar Chatty: Hello. My name's Omar Chatty, and I worked in Palo Alto for
17 years during the era from Ellen Fletcher until a couple of years ago. I
want to do a little twist on this a little bit. I'm a member of the Silicon
Valley Taxpayers Association. I belong to a number of transportation
groups. I'm part of the InnVision process. I appreciated the idiom of the
previous speaker, because that's exactly what's going on with Caltrain.
Caltrain is high speed rail and it is going to be high speed rail and it has
been since 1995, according to Dan Richard, the Chair. How would you like
the ballot argument against the tax to say Caltrain is high speed rail? Do
you think that would go along with high speed rail getting 11 percent
support? I'd be really careful. What I'm asking you to do is turn that to a
positive. I'd ask you to please let's start planning, as I've been asking you
for the last four years, especially after your teenagers die and other people
die on these roads. You had another accident a few weeks ago. Luckily
nobody was in the car. Please let's look to the future and let's plan for BART
to finish the last 30 miles. It's already electrified. It's already grade
separated. It's required by law. If New York, which just opened a brand
new subway line, can get $16 billion in this year's budget, why can't Silicon
Valley do the same? Palo Alto, you folks are leaders. We should do that.
We should not be resurrecting this 1864 train track that is so dangerous,
that goes against your greenhouse gas objectives by causing congestion on
the streets, about 100,000 cars.        Be careful what you ask for.       The
demagoguery that Joe Simitian did, which is really unfortunate, the social
justice. By the way, you might want to read a book called Just, justly,
Justice! by Ken McGrady, I think his name is.             It talks about the
manipulation that goes along with the social justice argument. I am a very
strong supporter of 152. I understand where Gilroy's coming from. Another
terrible head-on collision yesterday on that road coming into Silicon Valley.
We need some kind of geographical fairness. Let's remember, when Hetch
Hetchy was being built, there wasn't a Joe Simitian saying before it got here
that we're not getting our fair share. Or I-280. Let's remember in 2008, it
was a solely BART ballot measure which Yoriko Kishimoto opposed. This City
                                                                       Page 70 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
