                          TRANSCRIPT
currently facing. Then Discenza and the Public Art Staff will lead a brief walk
to tour several of the signs. That's this Thursday, the 24th. Also as part of
the Public Art Master Planning outreach efforts, artists Peter Foucault and
Chris Treggiari, the Mobile Arts Platform, have already gathered input from
more than 100 people on how artists might make Palo Alto a more vibrant or
livable city. Look for them. During September and October, these artists
are traveling across Palo Alto on two custom-built bicycle trailers and setting
up pop-up mobile art-marking and idea-generating spaces in multiple
locations. This Thursday, they'll be at Town and Country Village from noon
until 3:00 p.m. and outside Antonio's Nut House on California Avenue from
4:00 to 7:00 p.m. Friday, they'll be at the Moonlight Run and, Saturday
they'll appear at the Community Health Fair at the Mitchell Park Community
Center from 11:00 to 1:00 and then move to Cubberley Community Center
for the remainder of the afternoon. You can see the pictures up there of the
cool little bikes that they've got. People fill out things and they take your
picture. Saw them at the Palo Alto Art Center last Friday. Speaking of
which, on Friday the Art Center held an opening for their fall exhibit called
Front Yard/Backstreet that featured a number of artists including Joel Daniel
Phillips who's done several portraits of Buena Vista residents in pencil that
are really amazing. I would suggest—it's going to be there until December—
if you get a chance to go by and take a look at it. Very personal, really
amazing drawings of residents and the homes that they have created at
Buena Vista. The Staff there will be working to bring some of that work to
City Hall after the show ends in December. As well as the debut of This is
Happiness which is a Palo Alto map created by exhibiting artist Kate Pocrass
from the input of more than 350 community members in Palo Alto. There's
a copy of the map at your seat, I'm told. We will be making them available
soon at various locations including City Hall. Finally, there will be a going
away party for Aurora, the tree that has lit up City Hall Plaza for the past
two years, this Saturday night from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. as Public Art
Staff and Commission make way for the installation of Rondo I, a piece by
Bruce Beasley that will be installed this fall as part of the Public Art Program.
The awards keep coming in for Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.
The San Francisco section of the American Society of Civil Engineers has just
awarded Palo Alto their Community Improvement Project of the Year Award
for Mitchell Park Library and Community Center. The San Francisco section
actually covers half of the state, from the Oregon border to Fresno. We
were in the mix with projects ten times the size of Mitchell. Our having
achieved the highest LEED rating for sustainability, Platinum, and the great
visual effect of the buildings were key factors in their decision. Many
thanks, once again, to our design team and our own Staff who worked so
hard on this cornerstone project in South Palo Alto. Over the past two
years, the efforts of our Public Works Department have paid off when we
were informed last week by the American Public Works accreditation team
                                                                         Page 28 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
