                         TRANSCRIPT
nation-leading rental costs, which impacts nearly half of our residents who
rent their homes. It's too many cars for our transportation infrastructure
and too many jobs for our housing supply. We should be realistic. In the
past several years, office development alone has not been rapid enough to
explain all the impacts we've seen. Job growth is driven by a number of
factors, not just office development. That said, this is a piece of the puzzle.
Future office growth does have a significant potential to change our
community's physical characteristics as well as its impacts to reduce quality
of life for Palo Altans. It's important that we put Palo Altans in the driver's
seat, that we get ahead of development pressures, that we get a handle on
the quality of design and we focus on key impacts. It's important that we
exempt—this is important, but it's going to be tricky to work out the details.
It's important that we exempt projects that address the two key impacts
facing our community. A self-mitigating project. A project that provides
robust ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, we're talking about uses.

Council Member Wolbach: And exemptions. I'm talking about exemptions.
It's important that exempt from an annual office cap be self-mitigating
projects. Those would be projects which provide robust Transportation
Demand Management, that deal with the potential for too many cars coming
into Palo Alto. Secondly, in order to qualify as a self-mitigating project,
you'd also have to supply adequate housing for the jobs that you add to Palo
Alto. I'm talking about setting a really high bar. I don't think we should be
afraid of having high standards. If a developer says, "We want to add a
building that adds zero new net car trips to Palo Alto, and adds zero new net
jobs to Palo Alto," it would be addressing the two key impacts that are
frustrating Palo Altans and hurting quality of life in Palo Alto. Those being
housing costs and supply and, on the other hand, traffic and parking. These
are the two main impacts that Council Member Filseth mentioned earlier.
These are the two key things that were highlighted during the election last
year. These are the two key things that were highlighted by everybody at
the Comp Plan Summit that we had recently. I'm okay with moving forward
with an annual office cap, but self-mitigating projects should be exempted.

Council Member Scharff: We should exempt medical office space. We need
more medical office space.       Dentists, doctors, chiropractors, health
professionals, that was something that was identified by Staff. Those are
services to the community, and I don't want to have to drive outside of our
community for those kinds of services. I don't foresee that there'll be large
medical office components created, and I'm probably willing to put a cap on
it, if anyone wanted to suggest one. I would like to see that. I would also
like to see us exempt the small projects, 2,000 square feet of office space
                                                                        Page 60 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
