                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: Let's see. Is Goal N-4 included here or elsewhere?

Mayor Holman: Can we stick to the Vision Statement first? Can we finish
that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's related to water, so is water in this one or not?

Mayor Holman: You mean is it in the Vision Statement. I think we'd be best
if we could conclude the conversation about Vision Statement. If we could.

Vice Mayor Schmid:    That's my question.    Is water included in the Vision
Statement?

Mayor Holman: Director Gitelman.

Ms. Gitelman:     Thank you, Mayor Holman.          We just had the same
conversation. I think there's no getting around the fact that water is going
to have to be mentioned in Natural Resources and dealt with there as a
resource issue. If there's a concern about safety and security of water
supplies, that would have to be dealt with in Safety. It's going to be in both
elements.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      Let me talk about water as a resource, natural
resource. As part of our thinking about water, the City by law turns out an
Urban Water Management Plan every five years. By State law, the Urban
Water Management Plan has to have a 20-year forecast associated in it, has
to take in a two year period of drought, and has to also include the
demographics of the community. Our current plan has used the Plan Bay
Area demographics, which state that there will be an increase in 20,000
people in Palo Alto over a 20-year period, 2015-2035. That is a rate of
growth that is about 50 percent higher than the State Demographic Office
sees for State growth. At the same time, we're in a drought period where
we are being asked for a reduction in our usage of water by 25 percent. I
guess those two elements are the increase in population and the reduction in
our source of basic water supply are not dealt with in our current Urban
Water Management Plan. By law it has to be updated by June 2016. I
guess I would like to add a footnote, an addendum, a text to go in "4" that
says modify the Urban Water Management Plan to be consistent with
development goals and land use and the drought forecast of the San
Francisco PUC.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman and Council Members, I'd like to interject if I
could. I know that our colleagues in the Utilities Department will be working
on an update to the Urban Water Management Plan in the coming year. I'm
sure the Council will be engaged and involved in that. I would really
                                                                        Page 44 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
