                          TRANSCRIPT
missing one piece which is the urban parks somewhere in there. There's
talk about nature and parks, and then there's talk about other urban
environment. I think mentioning urban parks would be good. The other
thing is that the three goals that used to be under the Goals N-1, N-2 and N-
3 were consolidated into N-1. I would keep all three instead of consolidating
them. I think they're good. They differentiate Citywide open space from
conservation of creeks and then the urban forest. Since I have another
minute probably, I would like to tell you something about what happened
with the urban forest discussions today.             We've had a group of—
environmental groups and City Staff and other public that is interested in
this City, residents that came to the discussions of the Urban Forest Master
Plan. Today we kind of had somewhat of enlightening or an idea, and I
would like to share that with you. For two years now, several environmental
groups from Palo Alto and others—that includes Sierra Club and Audubon
Society, which I represented, and the Native Plant Society and the Citizens
Committee to Complete the Refuge. I'm forgetting one—have been working
with Google on developing an ecology vision for the region. After the first
year, Google hired an ecology person to put together an ecology program,
regional. They also commissioned the San Francisco Estuary Institute to
look at the regional ecology and ecosystems in general in a more scientific
way. That resulted in a very recent publication of two documents. One is
called Landscape Resilience Framework, which is very scientific. The other
one is a vision for a resilient Silicon Valley landscape. In this they're talking
among other ecosystems about the urban environment and thinking about
how to restore the natural systems that used to be here, not really to their
natural state but in terms of function. One of those ideas is putting back the
oak forest in a way that is not necessarily taking all the trees and putting in
them, but really looking at how to do this to recreate the ecosystem that
used to be there. That's really, really important to us. The group that was
there thought this would be a good goal for—one of the goals for the Urban
Forest Master Plan. We should really focus on that. I think, being from
Audubon, I would just say that there was a recent publication in the journal
Science that showed that 91 percent of migratory birds face peril on their
journeys, and they're at risk. We have the opportunity to do something for
them. Hopefully the Urban Forest Master Plan will embed this goal of
creating this resilience in it. I'll come back to you later. Maybe I can get
you some copies of these. That's what I have to say tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. With that, we come back to Council
Members.

Council Member DuBois: Could I suggest we talk about each element one
(crosstalk)?

                                                                          Page 34 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
