                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yes, we will talk about each element separately. Council
Member DuBois, would you care to start?           Talking about the Natural
Environment first. One of the questions that is before us, that was not
resolved previously if I understood it correctly, is the Planning Commission
suggested putting Natural Environment and Safety together. Didn't they?
I'd have to go back and look and see where it was. Wasn't it called out as—
maybe Staff can jump in with this.

Mr. Dennis: That's correct. That was the recommendation of the PTC in
their 2014 report back to the Council.

Mayor Holman: I'll just start with my own comments. We didn't come to a
conclusion on that or take a vote on that. I would suggest that we have a
separate—here it is—chapter for Safety. Staff's acknowledging that too. I'm
actually just going to make that Motion. I think it's a fairly simple decision
to make.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
have Safety as a separate Element in the Comprehensive Plan.

Mayor Holman: I was speaking to the Motion. It seems like a non sequitur
to combine them. I think they have very discrete and different purposes.
Of course, all of the chapters overlap each other to a certain extent, but I
think these two are discrete enough that we should keep them separate.
Council Member Scharff, speak to your second?

Council Member Scharff:    I was going to say I just adopt what the Mayor
said.

Mayor Holman: City Clerk, I did put a Motion up. Council Member—lots of
lights. Council Member, I think, DuBois, Wolbach and Vice Mayor, I think,
was the order.

Council Member DuBois: Just to be clear. We're talking about a Safety and
Noise Element?

Mayor Holman: No. Noise would be part of Natural Environment. This is
just public safety.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: I think the
Mayor's suggestion—if I can interject, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I think having Safety alone as a separate element is a good idea
for the simple reason that we are now obligated to review Safety Elements
with the State. It's good to have it in its own kind of ...


                                                                        Page 35 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
