                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I'd like it called out as a goal just as Policy C-28 is. Make
this Urban Forest Master Plan, so it's not a goal.

Council Member DuBois: As a policy then, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: As a policy, yeah. Are you good with that?

Council Member DuBois: yeah.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, you're good with that? Okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “incorporate reference to
the Urban Forest Master Plan in a policy.”
Mayor Holman: Then on "B" which is C-2, customer service. I hope this
doesn't lead to a lot of discussion. I've been—I'm sorry. Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. You just added an "I." At the end, you wanted it
to say "incorporate reference to the Urban Forest Master Plan in a policy"?

Mayor Holman: Yes. Thank you for that clarification. In "B," C-2, customer
service. This is something I've always been troubled by. Several years ago
there was really, I think, maybe a national movement to change public
service really to customer service. I've always been troubled by that. As far
as I'm concerned, the City only has one set of customers or maybe a couple,
and that's like utility consumers are customers. Everybody else that we
deliver services to are the public. I'm hoping we can change the dialog from
customer service to public service or community service which is ...

AMENDMENT: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
replace in the Motion Part C, “Customer Service” with “Service the Public or
Community Service.”
Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry?

Council Member Burt: Serve the public.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, serve the public is fine too. Council Member DuBois?
I'm trying to get away from customer service because it has implications
that the customer is always right.

Council Member DuBois: Again, when I looked at this goal, the "narrative" is
very short here. I took that as part of the goal as well. I could read it to
you real quickly. It's just Palo Alto is committed to providing high quality,
                                                                      Page 84 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
