                          TRANSCRIPT
saying. The citizens survey seems to be sending a clear message over the
last three or four years. Things like library, police, fire, garbage collection,
schools, parks, have average satisfaction rates of 90 percent. There are four
items that are at 50 percent or below: traffic, parking, land use, planning,
zoning and quality of new developments. The public seems to be telling us
something. These things aren't meshing, and we don't quite like the way it's
coming out. How do these issues manifest themselves? There are three
jobs in Palo Alto for every employed resident. That's the highest ratio in the
Bay area, higher than San Francisco. We are a commuter center. Over the
last four or five years, that ratio has been growing dramatically. We've
added 537,000 square feet of office space. That's about 2,100 net new jobs.
We've eliminated 70,000 square feet of retail space; space that the residents
like. Residents over the last four years from the Census Bureau have grown
very slowly. They have a hard time measuring a growth in new households.
We're in a situation where we have been exacerbating this 3:1 ratio we
already have. It manifests itself in a series of problems that the people in
the survey each year identified. The crowning issue around this is who pays
for the problems that arise.         The property tax is critical to local
governments. It accounts for 32 percent of tax revenues for the City, and
that has grown from 25 to 32 over the last five years. The school district
gets 80 percent or more of its funding from property tax. The County gets
over 90 percent of its tax revenues from property tax. It funds local
government. What's happened is as we grow office space the share of non-
residential contribution to property tax has fallen from 30 percent to 25
percent. A base question. Somewhere in our Comp Plan we should address
this issue of what is balanced growth, what happens when two parts of a
Comp Plan clash with each other, how do we get popular feedback on that,
and what are some of the base issues that we need to deal with. I would
assert that we should be talking about fair share, fair share in growth, who
grows, fair share in where the General Fund money gets spent to foster and
help that balanced growth take place, and that the rapidly growing and
prosperous business community in town pay their fair share. That's the
types of issues that the Comp Plan discussion should deal with.

Council Member Filseth: There's a lot of good stuff in the Comp Plan as it is
right now. One of the things that we're talking about here is what do we do
when there's conflict between Comp Plan says this over here and that over
there and what do we do when these things appear to conflict with each
other. Something like this is a tool to help us resolve that. If we agree on
the buckets of priority, that can give us some guidance on how to resolve
these kinds of things. If you look at the introduction to the Comp Plan right
now, there's seven major themes. As with the five here on Vision, there's
not a lot of guidance on, as Council Members Schmid and DuBois said, how
do we resolve that. There is a lot of that in the details of the Comp Plan as
                                                                           Page 26 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
