                          TRANSCRIPT
That's close to what we use in Palo Alto in one day. I mean, this is a really
precious resource. Now, if we tap that water for other uses, we'd have to
pay the Water District, but when you pump it for groundwater dewatering,
there's no cost. I think the idea that this has a value is really important to
the people of Palo Alto. I've heard from a number of people, "Why should I
conserve when I see this hose that's draining a basement for months on
end?" Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman:   Thank you.    I should have said former Mayor Peter
Drekmeier. Thank you for coming. Gail Price, former Council Member Gail
Price.

Gail Price: Thank you. I'm here to announce a social event. You all have
received invitations. I'm the chair of the fourth annual Kiwanis Angel Award.
It will be taking place on October 22nd. Several of you have responded yes,
and I'm hoping we get 100 percent response rate. The award is going to be
given to Barbara C. Klausner who is the Executive Director of
DreamCatchers. DreamCatchers is an organization that supports, mentors
and guides at-risk students in Palo Alto. We all know that the earlier support
a student receives, the higher likelihood of success and really thriving in life
and in education. We all know how important that is. Barbara is a former
Palo Alto School Board Member. The online tickets, both for the benefit of
the Council and the public, are available www.kiwanisangelaward.org. We
look forward to seeing you there. All the funds received will go to support
community-based organizations that develop programs and services for
students and youth. We're very proud of this event. It's a really strong
partnering event. I absolutely will be looking for you at the event on
October 22nd. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. What was that date again? Joan Marx will be
our final speaker unless Irene Kane has reappeared. Joan Marx, welcome.

Joan Marx: Thank you. Mayor Holman, Council Members, City Staff and
fellow Palo Altans, I've come tonight to tell you that yesterday's Bike Palo
Alto 2015 event, an annual Citywide green event which is partly sponsored
by the City, was a rousing success. We had 658 riders. I'm sure you now
that or you're learning that, but I don't know if you know that we also had
53 other Palo Altans who volunteered for this event. This was a grand,
green community celebration. As you may know, the purpose of the event
is to show residents the quiet streets and the street designs which make
Palo Alto so bike-friendly, so amenable to getting around on your bike during
the week, not just during the weekend. These are the bike boulevards, the
bike bridge to El Palo Alto for example, the bike bridge to the Baylands, and
the undercrossing at Homer under the railroad, and the bike path along the

                                                                         Page 26 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
