                             MINUTES
seemed to suggest a description of a revised appraisal process before the
Hearing Officer prior to the appraisals being performed. Mr. Beccaria stated
he needed to contemplate the assignment and his compliance with it.

Council Member Burt indicated additional information would be presented to
the Council at the May 4 meeting.

Mayor Holman suggested separating the two issues of the proposed
Amendment.

Council Member Burt clarified that each Council Member could change his
opinion regarding provisions of the Motion based on written arguments from
the parties or advice from the City Attorney.

Ms. Stump noted Ms. Nanda's comments regarding the complexities of the
issues and her time constraints to respond in writing. She suggested the
Council allow her to work with the parties to determine an alternate date,
not to delay the matter but to provide a reasonable opportunity for the
parties to respond.

Mayor Scharff would accept Section (f) but not Section (g).

Council Member Kniss asked if Council Member Scharff was comfortable with
excluding "other factors" in Section (f). "Other factors" was vague. The
Council had discussed mostly schools and safety.

Council Member Burt requested the City Attorney's opinion regarding
including "other factors."

Ms. Stump explained that appraising was subject to professional standards.
The appraiser was contemplating methods to fulfill the assignment. The
Council needed a response from the appraiser as to whether he could fulfill
the assignment within professional standards.

Council Member Burt wanted the City Attorney's opinion as to whether it was
better to include the broader language of "other factors."

Ms. Stump was concerned that it would not provide the appraiser with
guidance of what the Council was seeking in a revised process.

Mayor Holman indicated the Maker and Seconder would accept Section (f) if
"other factors" was omitted.

Council Member Burt agreed to omit "and other factors."

Mayor Holman noted the Maker did not accept Section (g).
                                                                      Page 37 of 41
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 04/14/15
