                         TRANSCRIPT
me that frequently at least half the street is impacted. It's severely
impacted, but it doesn't shut off the portion. It simply damages it.

Council Member Burt: I will change it. Instead of "shut off," to "affect" or
"impact."

Mayor Holman: That's fine with me. Looks like we're ready to vote on this.
That passes on a unanimous vote with Council Member Filseth absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Filseth

Council Member Burt: Another one was on revisiting the issue of Code
Enforcement Officers. One of the things that I heard—this was framed at
the Finance Committee around whether we have existing complaints that are
not being met. I'm not sure that that's the right way to look at it. My
recollection is that historically Code Enforcement Officers were not just
reactive, but they were proactive. They identified issues and responded to
them. We heard a speaker earlier tonight on, for instance, our leaf blower
Ordinance.     That's a good example.         It's unenforced because Code
Enforcement does not have the bandwidth to do so. Only if they receive
complaints do they respond. They can go down any day of the week in any
neighborhood and find violators within minutes. It's widespread. That's just
one example. I've heard a lot of issues. If we were to go back over the last
two years, many complaints in the community over what we'll call quality of
life issues are not about the need for new Codes. They're about lack of
enforcement of existing Codes. It doesn't mean those same people who are
complaining before us at Council and have raised those things are going
through the City process to register a complaint. Maybe they should be
encouraged to do so, but this was not the correct consideration. I don't
know that we can resolve this tonight. This was not vetted adequately or in
the way that I would have preferred it at Finance Committee. I'm open to
considerations on either putting this position back in the budget or having a
future discussion on it.

Council Member Kniss: I would consider putting this back in the budget. I
did not agree with this at Finance. Let me make a Motion first of all, that we
put this Code Enforcement Officer back into the budget. I'll speak to it if
there's a second.

Council Member Burt: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member Burt
to keep the Code Enforcement-Lead position in the FY 2016 budget; and
direct the City Manager to propose an alternate position be removed from
the FY 2016 budget if required to maintain a budget surplus.
                                                                        Page 64 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
