                         TRANSCRIPT
layperson to read and take a look at. I know you had interest in that. It is
out there in advance of the start of the Finance Committee's Budget
Hearings tomorrow night. An eventful weekend this weekend, of course.
Reporting on the May Fete Parade and Fair, which many of the Council
Members and obviously our citizens were there at the 93rd Annual May Fete
Children's Parade and Fair. It was a resounding success. Special thanks to
Mayor Holman for her special support. A few highlights for this year's
Parade include that there were 87 total entries this year versus 62 last year
in 2014. The extended parade route, which went down University Avenue all
the way to Webster Street, across to Homer Avenue, and ended at Heritage
Park supported the addition of block parties for senior residents at Channing
Housing Lytton Gardens. Staff and volunteers had tables and chairs set up
along the parade route with light refreshments donated by Whole Foods for
our senior residents. I certainly can tell you that walking along in them they
were cheered by all of that youthful energy and attention. As many of you,
Council Members and Mayor driving in some amazing cars, very historic
cars. Remember cars; there won't be very many around in the future.
Maybe the hit of the whole event of course was the Project Palo Alto Perry,
our avatar donkey, who was present at the Parade. You will recall that this
project won the competition at the "For the Love of Palo Alto" community
event earlier this year. My understanding is we did try to have Perry
available for my comments tonight, but he's got a full dance card for the
weeks ahead. The folks who had reserved him for the evening were not
going to give him up, even for us at the Council Meeting. I was hoping to
have a few pictures to show you. If you're not on Twitter, jump on Twitter
and follow the City's Twitter page. You'll see people all over the community
enjoying Perry. We had more middle and high school youth participation
than in previous years, including robotics teams, drama clubs and an anti-
bullying student club. East Side Prep and East Palo Alto joined the parade
this year. We had new sponsors. We had almost twice as many floats as
last year. Again, the fair at Heritage Park is organized by the Palo Alto
Recreation Foundation and the Kiwanis Club of Palo Alto. Thank you for all
of their good works. Lots of activities and fun. Again, a resounding success.
Later Saturday evening, several of us were at the Adolescent Counseling
Services' fundraising and awards dinner at the Jewish Community Center.
The Mayor was there, Council Member Kniss, myself. The event was (MC'd)
by Assembly Member Rich Gordon. More than $150,000 for ACS was raised
at the meeting. The Mayor received an award from Adolescent Counseling
Services recognizing the City's support for ACS and youth wellbeing over the
many years. We heard some compelling, poignant stories from individual
young people, now in early adulthood, whose lives were saved or enriched
by the kinds of services provided by Adolescent Counseling Services. A
great evening there. Speaking about the changing world of cars again, give
bike commuting a try. Next Thursday, May 14th again is Bike to Work Day,
                                                                       Page 14 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
