                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: No, no, no, the Motion. It's about the Motion.

Council Member Berman: Yeah. I'm asking Staff ...

Council Member Burt: I made the Motion; they didn't.

Council Member Berman:           Council Member Burt, I appreciate your
interruption. I'm asking Staff a question as to what the hybrid is. If they
don't understand it, then I would be happy to have you explain it, but I'd
appreciate it if you would not interrupt me in the middle of the meeting. The
question is—maybe Council Member Burt is referring to a different hybrid as
to the one that is on Attachment E. If that's the case, then I'm happy to
have him explain it to me. I guess, from your understanding, what is the
hybrid that's currently being proposed for analysis under "A"?

Mr. Mello: My understanding of the Motion would be that we would develop
a hybrid option based on the construction challenges that we identified.
What's shown up on the left there, on the screen, is the hybrid that we kind
of just looked at initially when we started to identify some of these
construction challenges. I don't necessarily know that's where we would end
up after we did a more detailed analysis. I will say that one of the reasons
that we didn't advance this any further was the transportation utility is fairly
low. I think when you start looking at the hybrid, I think we're getting into
more of a recreational, dog-walking, jogging. I don't necessarily know that
there's going to be a transportation nexus to the hybrid option. I'm not
dismissing it as a community amenity.

Council Member Berman: Transportation in the sense of (crosstalk) biking,
you're saying.

Mr. Mello: Yeah. (inaudible) a lot of street crossings and turns and difficult
maneuvers. I don't know how much usage it'll get from commuters, but it
certainly would be a community amenity.

Council Member Berman: This is, to a certain extent, kind of resetting the
process on what this might look like for Matadero and being very open-
minded to different possibilities.

Mr. Mello: I would defer to Council Member Burt on what his vision of the
hybrid was. I would say we'd look at where the constraints are, which ones
are insurmountable, and then see if there's an alternative route around that
particular segment of the creek.

Council Member Berman: Speaking of constraints, Council Member DuBois
alluded to the fact that there's been a lot of community opposition on the
                                                                            Page 50 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
