                             MINUTES
Mr. Rodriguez reported the EIR reviewed two configurations: the mixed-flow
operation and the dedicated lane. The EIR did not attempt to lay out
alternatives.

Council Member Wolbach inquired whether there was capacity along El
Camino Real to accommodate any median reduction and whether the EIR
explored that.

Mr. Rodriguez advised that it was not explored as part of the EIR.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the letter should request VTA explore that
as an option.

Ms. Gitelman explained that the EIR reviewed capacity in the sense that the
dedicated lane option removed the median and the ability to have either
parking or a bike lane. The mixed flow option did not have the same
impacts.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted Number 12 referred to Alma Street congestion,
and Number 13 referred to overflow onto Middlefield. Foothill Expressway as
an alternative was already congested.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add “and Foothill Expressway” to Item 13
between “road” and “where”.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff was agreeable to the change.

Mr. Rodriguez could add that sentence.
Council Member Berman noted the letter requested raw data upon which the
DEIR was based be made available for comparison. He inquired whether
that was a typical request.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes.

Council Member Berman interpreted Section 20 as VTA should be sensitive
to Palo Alto's community context but not to other cities' community context.
He expressed concern about the wording of some sentences in the letter.

Council Member Scharff interpreted the proposed language as Palo Alto
opposed dedicated lanes until VTA proved they were feasible.

Ms. Gitelman believed that was the intent of the last sentence, "We would
support efforts to expand transit service, but only if significant impacts
within our City can be effectively mitigated."

01/12/2015                                                           116- 325
