                              MINUTES
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:09 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 6:20 P.M., Filseth, Holman,
             Kniss, Scharff arrived at 6:46 P.M., Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Presentation to Development Services Department Regarding
      Recognition of Achievement by the International Standards
      Organization (ISO) for its Administering of the Building Codes
      Attaining the Highest Standards for Structural Safety.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director, remarked that the award was
a symbol of the work the City Manager began in 2009 with formation of the
Blueprint. International Standards Organization (ISO) measured building
resilience, competency of Staff, and quality of the building. The City
received a Class 1 designation of a model organization. Milpitas, Newport
Beach, and Beverly Hills were the only other cities in the State to obtain a
Class 1 designation.

Ralph Dorio, ISO President, reported a rigorously enforced Building Code
offered unintended benefits. The program was recognized in insurance
underwriting, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and
other organizations as a basis to compare communities.        A Class 1
designation was awarded to few cities across the nation.

Roxy Rapp appreciated the City Manager and Development Services Staff's
efforts to obtain the Class 1 designation. Building resilience and safety were
important for the community and building tenants. Development Services
had improved greatly over the past four years.

Study Session

2.    Update on the Santa Clara Valley Water District’s Collection of All of Its
      State Water Project Costs via Property Taxes Instead of Water Rates.

Karla Dailey, Senior Resource Planner, reported State Water Project revenue
totaled slightly more than $20 million annually countywide from property
taxes. When the Santa Clara Valley Water District (Water District) Board
approved water rates each year, those rates assumed 100 percent of the
State Water Project obligation would be collected via property taxes. Palo
Alto residents contributed approximately $1.5 million of the $20 million


03/23/2015                                                              117- 116
