                         TRANSCRIPT
but it also keeps things from happening like happened on a home on Kipling
where the home was sold. It was in a commercial district, and the home
was sold. After the TDRs were sold, the owner didn't seem to be aware of
the TDR sale and transfer and the covenant. We lost a lot of integrity on
that house.      Making people aware of the responsibility. Conservation
districts are akin to preservation districts. It helps the community better
preserve their own neighborhoods and in a manner that they might choose,
or that the HRB might suggest if they want to come to the HRB for a consult.
I've seen this written or mentioned a good handful of times. When it comes
to either a home in Professorville or a commercial building wherever in town,
the building isn't on the Inventory and it wasn't considered as such when the
Inventory was updated. The fact is that buildings on the Inventory and
commercial buildings were not considered in that update. It implies that it's
not historic and it's not likely to be because it wasn't added then. It wasn't
even looked at then for consideration. I know this takes funding, and I don't
know what funding is available. Are we in compliance with our CLG status?
Our Inventory is probably not up-to-date. I wonder about that and how we
might get some funding to do that. A question that I have asked myself and
asked maybe a couple of HRB Members over time and actually even Staff,
but not necessarily current Staff, is are we best served by the HRB
recommending to the ARB. I know there's some kind of sequence that
makes sense in terms of review process.            I also wonder if the HRB
recommendations get lost because they go to the ARB. One thing that was
disturbing to me, this is probably going to change now that the HRB is
meeting on Thursdays, is I used to see projects go to the HRB on a
Wednesday and the next morning go to the ARB. That meant there was no
time for minutes, no time for anything. There was no time for digestion of
any of the materials or even provision of the materials. The ARB was not
well or adequately informed even by the HRB referral or recommendation to
the ARB. I'm hoping that we're not doing that anymore with the Thursday
meetings now. Also that it's not one Thursday and then an oral presentation
that's brief. Some of the projects are complicated. I don't know if HRB
Members want to comment on any of that or Staff wants to comment on any
of that. One last comment that I see in my notes here is that, to be clear
here, everything in Palo Alto is not historic and we all know that. We do
have a number of significant resources that we're obligated to preserve and
protect. We're a stronger and more culturally rich community for doing that.
As an indication of what is happening and has been happening. In the last
Inventory survey, Coleridge in Old Palo Alto was identified as a potential
historic district, but no more because we've lost too many of the houses. I
don't know if anybody has anything to say. We've spent our time. Does any
Board Member have anything to add? Or Council Member or Staff? Enough
said then. Thank you all very much. Council Member Scharff, I didn't give
you an opportunity, but you weren't here for the first part.
                                                                        Page 20 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
