                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff did not understand how the City could produce an
interim Environmental Impact Report (EIR) for an Ordinance.

Ms. Gitelman advised that it would be difficult to identify the level of
environmental review required until Staff understood the Council's direction
for a growth limit. Staff believed the Council would want to consider a long-
term strategy that could be analyzed through the Comprehensive Plan
Update along with interim measures. It would not be feasible to analyze
interim measures that during the course of analysis Staff identified as
requiring a full EIR. The Council could pursue interim measures which
required a lesser level of environmental review.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff would identify interim measures for
the Council. If interim measures required 18-24 months to implement, then
the Council should consider a long-term strategy within the Comprehensive
Plan Update as the Comprehensive Plan would likely be completed in that
timeframe.

Ms. Gitelman indicated Staff's recommendation included topics that were
long-term and could be analyzed within the Comprehensive Plan Update and
other topics that were short-term and could be implemented with a lesser
level of environmental review.

James Keene, City Manager, remarked that a follow-up discussion for the
Agenda Item was scheduled for March 2, 2015 should the Council require a
second discussion. Staff could review EIR issues and report prior to the
March 2 discussion.

Council Member Scharff requested Mayor Holman reiterate the process for
Council Member comments and questions.

Mayor Holman requested Council Members first ask high-level questions.
Following that, the public could offer their comments. Next Council Members
could offer comments or Motions. She wanted to avoid having one Motion
that covered many topics in case the discussion was continued to a second
meeting.

Council Member Scharff suggested Motions should direct Staff to explore
ideas and report to the Council.

Mayor Holman concurred.

Council Member Scharff wanted to understand the parameters of what the
Council should attempt to achieve.



02/09/2015                                                            116- 464
