                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second please.

Council Member Kniss: I think we realized in the spring that the fees had
never been charged, which was rather interesting. This has now been a
pattern since the late '80s or early '90s. I don't know how many homes are
now included, but I'm pretty sure it's well over 1,000. I think in this
particular instance where there's such a strong support from the
neighborhood—thank you for that very good presentation tonight. That was
like a Staff presentation, very good. I think this is clearly the will of those
who live in that particular neighborhood. Coming to us with an 80 percent
vote seems, as we might say, like a no brainer. You've asked for it, and I
think we'll be delighted—I'm guessing—to vote for it tonight.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Pass.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Just briefly, mostly everything was said. I thought
the presentation was excellent. With an 80 percent threshold, clearly you
have strong neighborhood support. I'd be happy to vote for this.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Happy to support the request of a neighborhood of
modest, single-story family homes oriented to California living with some
architectural cache. This is important not just for Palo Alto, but for Silicon
Valley. Who lives in these houses? Families and workers, scientists,
engineers, lawyers, medical professional, economists. Palo Alto has just
about the highest percent of residents of any community in the country with
Bachelor's degrees or post-graduate degrees. Note that workers in Palo Alto
changed jobs twice as often as the national average. This is the perfect
ingredient for a community of an every-renewing Silicon Valley. A workforce
that's extremely talented, very mobile and wants to live here. I take my hat
off to the Council in 1992 who set up a way to allow these talented people to
keep what they want. As Planning Commissioner Alcheck said, "This is
exactly the sort of action that local government should take."

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:       First I want to offer my thanks and my
congratulations to the leaders in the neighborhood, in the community and
also their friends and counterparts from other parts of the City who have
been working together to figure out what they can do to really advance a
                                                                            Page 16 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
