                         TRANSCRIPT
responsibility to wean ourselves off carbon energy and accelerate an option
of renewable energy. This is our sacred duty to ourselves, to our children
and to all the living things which do not have a voice in this chamber.
Please act responsibly and retain the contract prices at the current level.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members.
Thank you for the extra time. I'm here to speak for responsible capitalism,
the same thing I was trying to promote when I wanted teacher housing that
the City Council could put up and make money, the same thing that I was
complaining about with Buena Vista, that the trailer owners put up an
investment and they were being swindled out of it. Now, this one on the
solar, I want to say that it is possible for the City to make money. If you
say, for instance, that a person has a $100 a month energy bill, which is not
bizarre, that would be $1,200 a year. In ten years, that person would spend
12,000. Since Palo Alto has its own utility company and its own energy
company, you could say to them, if you approve you go on paying whatever
you paid for the past few years, the average, because they know that. Pay
that $100 a month every month, every month, as if you were paying for
fossil fuels, but in reality we will have advanced the money to put in the
solar panels and that money that you're paying will go to pay off a mortgage
on the solar panels. Once you have paid off the principal, then the solar
panels are still producing that $100 a month in energy year after year after
year. Suppose you wanted to make 2 percent, you'd go for a certain
number of years after you paid yourselves back the principal. Suppose you
wanted 3 percent or 4 percent, just have it keep on paying you for that
much longer before the system belongs to the homeowner and the host. All
you have to do is simply advance the money. However much money you
have to invest, it would be well invested there. In addition, I have one word
of warning. I talked to a solar person and I said they should buy all the
solar they can. They should get it from China if they're giving it to us at a
loss. She said, "No. The Chinese ones break." I would suggest that
wherever you buy it, you have some kind of a guaranty that they will replace
it if it breaks. The second thing is some people have already invested in it,
like the UU Church. Those people who have already invested, sit down and
figure out a way that they be made whole. Do not pay out extra money to
others just so that you won't cheat them. Think about us also. Feather
them in and help us all out.

Jon Foster, Utilities Advisory Commission Chair: Hi, folks. Jon Foster. I'm
Chairman of the Utilities Advisory Commission. I spoke to you last week, so
I'm going to keep my comments extraordinarily brief. The Utilities Advisory
Commission does recommend keeping the price at 16.5 cents. I'm speaking
for the UAC on that. I agree with the comments made earlier by Sven, Walt

                                                                        Page 24 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 05/27/15
