                            TRANSCRIPT

electricity and not more. Strip out any goals, this is very important, of
having the community meetings and tell residents they should switch to
electrical water heaters and electrical space heating. I'll skip that last
paragraph.

Council Member DuBois: I hate to do this, but I messaged with the City
Attorney.     I think on Item Number 19, which is the Minutes, we
inadvertently deleted Section d which was just a step to approve Minutes.
This was raised by Herb Borock. It seemed to make a lot of sense. The City
Attorney and I think the City Clerk talked to the City Attorney. We could
quickly fix this next week if I could get two votes to take this off Consent.
We'd stick with Action Minutes, but we'd also have a step to review and
approve Minutes, which has actually been struck from the Ordinance.

Male: I will second that.

Mayor Holman: We have a second. I will ...

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mayor Holman?

Mayor Holman: Yes, ma'am.

Ms. Stump: May I actually suggest a slight refinement from what we
discussed earlier? Instead of pulling it from Consent, which under our rules
would place it on action, I don't think that's necessary if Council wants to
make this minor change. If you could just have a majority vote to continue
the item to next week, we'll bring it back on Consent with that change.

Council Member DuBois: I'd move to continue this item until next week.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to remove Agenda Item Number 19- Adoption of an Ordinance
Amending Section 2.040.160 (City Council Minutes) of Chapter 2.04 (Council
Organization and Procedure) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Require
Action Minutes and a Verbatim Transcript of All Council and Council Standing
Committee Meetings, and to direct Staff to bring this Agenda Item back on
August 24, 2015 on the Consent Calendar, with the change that the City
Clerk will bring Action Minutes to Council for approval.




                                                                      Page 32 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
