                          TRANSCRIPT

Expressway, because those don't just disappear when they get to the border
with Palo Alto. Please comment on why are we funding a $1 billion
expansion of the expressway system and why should we not care if this
happens somewhere else in the county. We're all connected. I think the
effort to have cities in this part of the county work together and say
something to VTA is definitely the right thing to be doing. That alternatives
analysis that's described in the letter, definitely the scope needs to include
what could we pay for if we don't buy expansions for more car traffic,
literally alternatives. We have $6 billion to spend; what are we going to
expend it on? All of the cities are analyzing this problem separately. It's
kind of a mess at this point. A comprehensive study about what's the best
transit system, what's the best bicycle and pedestrian network we can come
up with that amount money is the right thing to do. Thank you.

David Choale: Thank you, City Council and Mayor. I read over the proposal
list that you are going to submit to VTA. I was very happy to see all the
bike and transit options in there. I also read the joint letter that's going to
go to the VTA. There's two things that are missing in my mind that play into
all of what you've been doing here in Palo Alto for quite a while. That's the
carbon reduction and the greenhouse gas reductions that we need to
achieve. We've spoken to it a little bit this evening. With regard to the
Mayor from Mountain View, there needs to be language in that letter from
the North County cities talking about reduction of greenhouse gases, setting
a specific goal and another specific goal stating reduction of single vehicle
trips. Without those two goals in the letters, that letter means nothing.
There's nothing measureable to act on. There's no way to measure what's
going to happen. In looking both at the State level, County and all those
things, there's hardly any mention of carbon reduction or greenhouse gas
reductions in there. That's the major key thing that's coming up with the
Comp Plan, with the S Cap, with the fuel switching that you passed by so
nicely with the Consent Calendar. To ignore transportation, which is the
largest piece of the pie in California for greenhouse gas emissions, in this
transportation tax which has been said many times is only going to come up
once every few decades, is a real huge missed opportunity that Palo Alto
should not miss this.      To that point, the funding of the expressway
expansion and other expressway expansions are not a part of this plan if
those other things are part of your plan. You've already said that they are.
I would ask that you, one, reject the widening of the lanes on Page Mill
Road. I know the Council said they'd like the VOT lanes on there. Also, you
need to get those other parameters for reduction of single vehicle trips and
greenhouse gases in the letter to the County. Thank you.

                                                                        Page 61 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
