                          TRANSCRIPT
enforceable. That's in light of the general proposition that conditional use
permits run with the land. If there are particular concerns that you have
about the conditional use permit process, we can try to address those in the
Ordinance.

Mayor Holman: It's more of a comment, but I do have concerns. If there is
a building that's demolished and that building has—let's look at it either way.
The building has office at the ground floor. When they rebuild or if it's a
significant rehab or a remodel and they're in a ground-floor retail restricted
zone, when they rebuild do they have to then become conformant to the
ground-floor zoning?

Ms. Silver: There's a whole series of requirements relating to destruction of
legal nonconforming uses. Those requirements, some of them are in our
Code and it depends on the district. We would have to take a closer look at
that issue. I can't really answer on a general basis.

Ms. Gitelman:      If I can interject.  These requirements are sprinkled
throughout our Code. There is a section in the provisions specific to the R
Combining District about what kind of uses can be grandfathered in. They
have to have been present in April 1984. If you go on to read that
paragraph, in 18.30A.060 it does talk about whether they can or can't be
rebuilt or remodeled. I haven't read it closely enough to tell you exactly
what it says. Cara Silver's point is well taken that throughout the Code
there are different sections about grandfathering, and we'd have to look at
the specific provisions that apply.

Mayor Holman:     We could do something specific to this area though, it
sounds like.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: One other question that has to do with the California
Avenue paint—City Attorney have something to say? I was misreading your
language there. Having to do with the California Avenue paint store, for
instance. I think they have three stores, and they do sell a national brand.
How do we address something like that? It's akin to Council Member
Scharff's question. They sell Benjamin-Moore paint; they sell all kinds of
paint supplies; it's independently owned; they have, like I say, three stores,
maybe just two. How do we address that?

Council Member Burt: They sell Juicy Fruit; it's the same thing.

Mayor Holman: I know.

                                                                         Page 49 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
