                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I guess most of my questions were answered. I
guess I'll just move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: I second it.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt Ordinance Sections 14-15, modifying Municipal Code Chapters
18.16 and 18.18 including Staff proposed changes to Municipal Code Section
18.18.120(a)(2)(C).

Mayor Holman: Care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah. I think these are a good set of changes. I
do think it's important to have some flexibility on the building—I guess
footprint is the wrong word. On aesthetic issues for being able to, I guess,
shift the building footprint so you could have different access and that kind
of stuff. I mean, I think we're not increasing the floor area ratio. We're not
moving, like we talked about, moving below grade to above which struck me
as inappropriate. I do think we want the best Downtown, frankly, that we
could have. Flexibility is a good thing. You want to be able to reorient your
buildings so that where the traffic flows is where the best place to have the
opening is. Things change over 50 years. I actually like a lot of the really
old, grandfathered in buildings. I would hate to see us tear down the
University Arts Center. I'd hate to see us tear down the Cardinal Hotel,
frankly. I'd hate to see us turn down—what's the other tall building where
people live down on ...

Mayor Holman: Presidents Hotel.

Council Member Scharff: The Presidents Hotel, thanks. I think these are the
buildings that actually give our Downtown character. I think we want to
make it easier for people who own those buildings to want to maintain them,
to want to refresh them. I think that flexibility is really important. I'm glad
we're moving in that direction. I also wanted to just briefly understand the
nine units a little better. My understanding of it is that when you add to a
mixed-use project right now, if you go above four, then you need to go to
PTC, not just ARB. Right? That's really the issue. In our Housing Element,
if I recall, we committed to doing that, to the nine, didn't we?            We
committed to exploring that as a possibility, is what we said. The only thing
I wanted to comment was that we talk about the Housing Element as if it's
separate from the Comp Plan. It's not; it is the Comp Plan. We've talked
about following the Comp Plan, and that's one of the portions of the Comp
Plan that has been approved by Council. I was a little confused by,
Jonathan, you made some statement about when we do the Comp Plan. I
was really confused since we've done that part of the Comp Plan. We may
                                                                        Page 88 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
