                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I'm open to including that in the motion, but I wasn't
clear on whether that sort of on-street path would potentially qualify for
those County dollars.

Council Member Scharff: I'm going to go on a limb and say I met with every
Supervisor when we did that and talked about it and looked at the other
stuff. I got the sense that any bike path that we did, that was a—if it was a
Class 4 bike path like that, it would qualify. That was my sense at the time.

Council Member Burt: There's actually language in the general use permit.

Council Member Scharff: There is. They were looking at barbeque pits out
in the hills in—where was it? In San Mateo County actually at the time. My
recollection—I don't have it front of me, Council Member Burt—my
recollection is that would probably—we should ask Staff to look into that. I
don't disagree. My recollection is that would fit within it.

Council Member Burt: Why don't we just set aside for the moment trying to
determine whether there would be County funding. Where on the feasibility
side—I'm game to include a request for Staff to return with a preliminary
evaluation of East Meadow Class 4 or as close to it as possible bike lane.
That's the end of the language, if that's acceptable.

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: Is that okay with the seconder?

Council Member Scharff: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to request Staff return with
a preliminary evaluation of East Meadow Drive as a Class 4 bike lane or as
close as possible to a Class 4 bike lane.”

Council Member Burt: At the end of that period, we can understand better
the funding sources for construction.

Mayor Holman: It seems like a reasonable time to—I'm one person out of
order here. If I could go to Council Member Kniss, having your experience
with this, to add any elucidation to this.

Council Member Kniss: Thank. It's rather weird to hear what we did three
years ago. I remember that Council Member Scharff did visit all of us. I
want to remind us that when I had a conversation with Sylvia Gallegos
recently, who's their Deputy Exec, she explained that it's either 4.5, 4.8. I
don't recall exactly what Stanford has released. They would be coming to us
                                                                          Page 44 of 71
                                                           City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/9/15
