                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Minor: When we send minutes out now, they come back sense. That's
what you get in the packet to review.

Council Member Kniss: I don't think it's answering the question. The
verbatim minutes take pages and pages. Are they attached the way our
minutes would be now?

Ms. Minor: If you want them attached that way, they can be attached that
way.

Council Member Kniss: If not?

Ms. Minor: Then the verbatim minutes would be kept on our S drive or
some other safe location. A copy of the minutes would be put on our
website and available.

Council Member Kniss:     I would find that doubly troubling then.        I'm not
supporting it.

Council Member Filseth: I assume there's no reason, if we get out a couple
of months and we all hate the verbatim minutes, we can't go back to sense
minutes.

Ms. Minor: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to be really clear, we're talking about four
different things here: action minutes, sense minutes, verbatim minutes and
video recording. Correct? Great. What we're talking about is eliminating
the production of sense minutes. Correct?

Ms. Minor: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Just relying on action minutes and the video as
the official recording, and then verbatim or transcript minutes would also be
prepared. Because they are not the official record, the verbatim minutes
would not have to be printed out. We would not have to get reams of paper,
they would not have to come to us for approval. We're not going to kill
more trees than we already do. It would probably save a lot of paper. It
would save work for City Clerk Minor. I will be supporting this. It is
important that we have the action minutes for quick reference. If we can
continue moving forward to improve the linkability of our action minutes to
the video, that would be great. If there's an opportunity at some point
without too much Staff time or contract cost to have the verbatim minutes,
even though they aren't official, link straight to the video, you could click on
something in the verbatim minutes in the future and it would link to the spot

                                                                          Page 60 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
