                            MINUTES
Robert Moss urged the Council to schedule a full hearing at a time
convenient to everyone. He doubted compensation offered to Park residents
was adequate. The Council should review the compensation package in light
of legal requirements.

Sea Reddy felt negotiations were needed to reach fair terms for all parties.
Ethnicity was irrelevant to obtaining equivalent housing for Park residents.

Stephanie Munoz stated there was no affordable housing for Park residents.
The Park should never have been zoned R-15.

Lois Salo wanted the City to buy the Park property and allow residents to
remain on the property. An adjacent parcel could be purchased for low-
income housing and shelters.

Guadalupe Fonseca reported the maximum amount proposed for residents
would not purchase a comparable home. Residents needed help to find
replacement housing.

Blanca Fonseca advised that the least expensive mobile home for sale in the
area was more than three times the amount offered for her home in the
Park. In addition, she would lose the good services offered by the City.

Dianne Jenett believed it was important to keep Park residents in Palo Alto.
The Council should hold a full hearing on all issues to reach a solution.

Melodie Cheney stated the Council needed to hear from the parties and
community in order to make an informed decision. Alternatives to closure of
the Park were available.

Mary Kear indicated the Park was affordable, safe, and secure.    A hearing
was needed to discuss solutions to the issue.

Nancy Krap felt working together to find a way to preserve the Park would
promote Dr. Martin Luther King's dream. She hoped the Council would allow
the appeal to proceed. All residents of Palo Alto were aggrieved persons.

Amado Padilla wanted the closure process to be just and respectful for Park
residents. If the Park closed, Park residents would lose their homes, jobs,
quality schools, and medical attention. Any solution should be fair to the
Park owner and residents.

Maria Martinez stated the compensation being offered to Park residents was
not equal to the value of homes.



01/12/2015                                                           116- 314
