                          TRANSCRIPT
of several gently curved bronze elements with water cascading down the
façade at the sculpture and splashing on the ground. The newly installed
artwork creates a welcoming and relaxing oasis for residents and commuters
passing through the plaza. The last piece that we have to share with you is
a temporary installation called Questions about Your City. It's an installation
that was designed by Oakland-based artist Anthony Discenza. It features 20
questions attached to signposts within an eight-block radius of City Hall. It's
intended to encourage busy Palo Altans to consider the future of the City.
As you can see, our pieces are very community-oriented, and they engage
and they ask people to ask questions and to talk about it and appreciate the
world around them through art.

Mila Zelkha, Public Art Commissioner: I'm going to quickly review the Public
Art in Private Development Ordinance. As of this date, there are 29 projects
that have been identified and that are subject to the Ordinance, which
means that there are over 10,000 square feet based on their estimated
construction evaluation. Of those 29 identified projects, nine of them have
art that's going to be commissioned and have come to the Public Art
Commission. Six of those nine have completed Public Art Commission initial
review and three have had both their initial and final reviews. In addition to
the nine, seven projects have indicated that they plan to pay in-lieu fees
instead of commissioning art.         The remaining 13 projects are still
deliberating their decision. I'd like to note that prior to the Ordinance, the
Public Art Program Director position was half-time, and the funds from the
Public Art Projects in Private Development allowed for this position to move
into full-time. That's now full-time public art Staff. Up to 20 percent of an
artwork's budget can go to construction management including the option of
selecting Staff for this role. Three of the nine projects I just described and
that have decided to commission art onsite have selected the City to be their
project manager. This is a breakdown of those nine. You'll see the three
that have had their final review are in the second to last column on the right.
We're going to briefly go through them. The following slides show what
those three are.      This proposal by Barbara Grygutis and it's entitled
Frequencies. It's on Page Mill Road. It was inspired by the oscilloscope that
was invented in the Stanford Research Park. That's where you can observe
the change of an electrical signal over time and it takes the form of a wave.
That's where this piece is coming from. The next piece is by Charles
Gadeken. It's the same artist that has the temporary installation of the
Aurora piece in front of City Hall. This one will activate different panels with
earthquake data. The third piece here is Approach by Daniel Winterich. I
hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. It was inspired by the Baylands, in
particular salt marshes and fractal geometry.


                                                                           Page 5 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
