                             MINUTES
Staff Report indicated the City had grown by approximately 35,000 sq. ft.
per year. The City would not continue to grow by that amount annually. A
moderate cap would not dramatically alter the community. One program
would not serve the entire community. Any solution would have to address
parking and traffic. A moratorium would not significantly improve parking
overnight and traffic would remain the same.

Council Member Scharff possibly could support a specifically targeted cap.
He could not support a cap for the Research Park. He questioned whether
replacing housing with office would worsen traffic. He wanted to know the
percentage of homeowners who actually lived and worked in the City;
whether renters were more likely to live in the City; and the type of traffic
likely generated by office development.        The Council should carefully
consider a moderate cap, what that meant, and how it would be applied to
projects in the pipeline. He questioned whether nonprofit agencies and
professional services should be excluded from a cap. He did not want to
include the East Meadow area in a cap, because it would have a specific
plan. The Council could choose to develop a specific plan for Downtown.
That would probably be a better choice than a long-term cap. He hoped the
Council would institute a short-term cap in order to target issues for
resolution. Design issues should be targeted separately. He requested Staff
provide the cost of services for housing versus office.

Council Member Wolbach noted prior discussions proposed a severe cap, a
competitive process for approval of projects, and imposition of fees and fines
on development and tenants. Those proposals were not mutually exclusive.
Imposing fees on new development, escalating current fees, and imposing a
graduated job tax did not necessarily conflict with the concept of moderating
the total amount of office development. There seemed to be a disconnect
regarding the issues to resolve. He believed the primary issues were traffic,
parking, housing costs, quality of the built environment, and whether
infrastructure and social services could support growth of housing or office
development. He asked colleagues to comment on the problems to be
addressed by proposals under discussion. A cap should exclude mixed-use
developments that offered more housing than jobs. A cap should include
areas furthest from transit. The Council should consider excluding specific
projects where the community indicated it wanted the projects.

Council Member DuBois advised that after three meetings clearly there was a
disconnect between businesses and citizens. Staff captured a large number
of options in the Staff Report. The Council had good data but had not
discussed it. He was unsure whether the community agreed on the problem
or a solution. The discussion had been overly focused on traffic and parking.
Traffic and parking were a subset of secondary impacts of increased density.

03/23/2015                                                             117- 135
