                           TRANSCRIPT
quality of each of the following services in Palo Alto, and then it just says
economic development.

Council Member Scharff: I assume that means people are dramatically
happier with that, if that's meaningful.

Ms. Richardson: One of the things to note, when we talked with the project
manager at the National Research Center, she has told us that sometimes
the economy and if people are feeling good, they're coming out of having to
be as tight with their budgets, it gives them a better sense overall of being
satisfied with things, even though things may not have changed that much.
During better economic times, you do tend to notice more positive responses
than you do in less economic times, even if things haven't changed that
much.

Council Member Scharff: Finally, I did notice that we had a precipitous drop
in people that used the Palo Alto public libraries or their services between
2013 and 2014. Rob, I assume that that's because of the closing of the
libraries and reopening. Do you think that will change back?

Mr. de Geus: (inaudible)

Council Member Scharff: I'll send you some of those questions.

Mayor Holman: As others have said, thank you for the report. It is
informative, and it is a reference point throughout the year. In the interest
of time, I'm going to do three or four things. One is the online tool. I look
forward to being able to use that. I would say the colorations need to be
more discrete. On our screens here, they were way too subtle, so make
them more discrete. I was very happy that you had the open-end questions.
They're not very surprising, but it gives us a better intonation, if you will, of
what people's thinking is than sometimes the survey questions themselves.
On page 18, a clarification on something there. In the by the numbers, it
says 28 percent of information technology security incidents remediated
within one day in Fiscal Year 2014 which decreased 22 percent from Fiscal
Year 2013. I'm not clear whether that means that the incidents decreased
or the numbers that were remediated within one day decreased 22 percent.

Ms. Richardson: It was the numbers that were remediated within one day
decreased, the percentage decreased. We did ask for an explanation on
that. One of the reasons that has happened is that IT has implemented
more technological tools to help them identify incidents, so they're
identifying more incidents and more severe incidents. Sometimes it's taking
them longer to remediate those. It's making us more secure in the long run.

                                                                         Page 20 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
