                      ACTION MINUTES
E.      Whether the proposed building would change the setting of the historic
        properties on Kipling Street or University Avenue and have an impact
        under CEQA.

Architectural Review Board
A.   The design shall be compatible with the immediate environment of the
     site– the building will be designed with articulation and set backs that
     minimize massing.
B.   In areas considered by the board as having a unified design character
     or historical character, the design is compatible with such character
C.   The design is compatible with approved improvements both on and off
     the site
D.   The consistency of roof lines, entries, setbacks, mass and scale with
     context based criteria.
E.   Street building facades – building to return with greater reinforcement
     of the relationship of the street with building mass. The upper floors
     need to have set backs to fit in with the context of the neighborhood.
     Specifically, the look and feel from the street should be of a look and
     feel compatible with adjacent buildings, with the option of a third or
     fourth floor provided they are visually compatible from the streets,
     requiring articulation or set-backs
F.   To study shadow patterns
G.   Study circulation analysis including on Lane 30.
H.   Direction that the project shall share design linkages with the overall
     pattern of buildings so that the visual unity of the streets are
     maintained.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no

12.     Policy and Services Committee Recommendation Regarding Changes
        to City Council and Standing Committee Minutes.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements


                                                                          Page 10 of 11
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 05/04/15
