                             MINUTES
Act/National Environmental Policy act review for the Adobe Creek Pedestrian
& Cyclist Bridge.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Berman inquired about the meaning of “very successful” in
relation to a design and about the safety of the Berkeley Bike Bridge.

Mr. Grover was not aware of any accidents on the Berkeley Bike Bridge. The
lanes in the design were separate. The sidewalks on the bridge were
separated from the pathway by a 2 ½ inch sloped curb. The curb was
sloped to provide some safety to a cyclist who lost control of his bike.

Mr. Keene advised he was City Manager of Berkeley when the bike bridge
design was chosen. He did not encounter any issues with the design of the
Berkeley Bridge while using the bridge. A lane separation was an advantage
for multigenerational users of the Palo Alto Bike Bridge.

Council Member Berman asked if the safety concern was a fatal flaw for the
Moffatt and Nichol design.

Ms. Wasserman reported constructability and aesthetics rather than safety
concerns pushed the jury toward selecting HNTB's design.

Council Member Berman asked if the bird diverters created noise.

Mr. Kahn relayed that the disks would make a subtle sound in extreme wind,
but it would not be audible over traffic noise.

Council Member Berman asked if 100 disks would make sufficient noise to be
audible.

Mr. Kahn could design the disks to be silent if noise was an issue.

Council Member Berman asked if car lights would reflect off the disks.

Mr. Kahn noted that it was possible to adjust the surface reflectivity of disks
from shiny to matte. He had 60 installations of disks across the world, and
disks had not caused any auto accidents. Disks reflected only a tiny fraction
of light.

Mr. Carson asked if Council Member Berman meant to question whether the
disks would be visible at night.

Council Member Berman wanted to understand whether car lights would
reflect off disks.

03/16/2015                                                               117- 110
