                         TRANSCRIPT
of our citizens think that Palo Alto is a great place to live, either good or
excellent, or that 92 percent feel that their neighborhood is good or
excellent. Although those feelings might be informing how they're speaking
to us, I think it's good to remember that we are really well respected or the
community respects itself for the kind of place that everybody's contributed
to being. A place to raise children, 93 percent. A place to work, 86. Quality
of life, 91. Quality of City service, 83 percent. That's a pretty high overall
level in the sense of what a City provides in its services. It's interesting
because it's a little incongruent with some of the other scores we'll get when
people will sort of say—the overall direction we're going as a City at times
will say in the 50 percentile during that survey or our welcoming of people,
citizen participation actually, in the 50th percentile. Yet, at the same time,
there is this sense of the quality of services is high. When we see those
negative numbers and we compare them to the benchmark cities, actually
they're exactly comparable to what other cities throughout the country get.
I'm not taking us off the hook here, but some of it has to do, in many ways,
with our embedded attitude towards government itself, in many ways, in our
society. It doesn't take us off the hook. When you look at that and you look
at a lot of the scores we get, again, when we compare ourselves to the
hundreds of cities in the benchmark, you'll see that on the economic health
80 percent were good or excellent; we're much above the scores that other
communities get. Our overall safety at 92 percent. As a place to retire, 60
percent, and that's comparable to other places. You can see the scores.
Ease of bicycle travel, 78 percent above. Variety of housing options, 27
percent, absolutely one of our lowest scores and much below the national
average. In many ways, I don't think that these numbers surprise any of us
at all even if we were to intuitively think about where we are. Ease of travel
by car, 52 percent. In addition, just looking at the trends over the past 5
years, again, in comparison to other jurisdictions, you see by far almost a
general upward trend up through this year. Of course, these kinds of
measures of the property tax in particular which is the top line right there.
If you look at the TOT tax, that sort of silver line, it's the second from the
bottom, you can see both the effects of the new hotel construction, the
measure that the Council took to the voters that was fulfilled, and the
dynamic aspect of the market itself in both the price rate of rooms and the
vacancy rate in hotels. All of these signs harkening back that our economy
is doing great, and relative to other places around the country much above
how they're doing. This past year, if we just look on the business side of
things, on the left-hand side a number of sort of larger and smaller
representative business changes. HanaHaus coming into the Downtown.
Ford Innovation labs opened. Lots of new retail and some redeveloped
buildings. New restaurants, Bill's in Midtown, Bird Dog in Downtown and La
Boheme on Cal. Ave., all neat, new restaurants. You see the new hotels and
some of our work on the Business Registry. You all are very familiar with
                                                                         Page 4 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
