                         TRANSCRIPT

they put a highway and just one more lane of a highway, we will lose the
opportunity forever of getting that system. Please stand with us in the West
Valley who are looking to this. San Jose has as many people as Saratoga
and Los Gatos together planned for the other end of 85. We already can't
move on 85. We have to have transit. In your list, please add that into
your list. As far as the bus way on El Camino, I think it's too late. It's too
late for a bus way. El Camino is already full.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. As you know,
this is not a new problem. It's been going on for decades. Any of you ever
hear of the Transportation 2000 project? I was involved in that in the early
'80s, and we had the same problems and we had the same hope to solve
them and nothing has happened. As you know, Supervisor Simitian pointed
out that very little of the money that North County pays in for transportation
is actually used for transportation here. That's got to stop. We should be
getting far more money to solve our transit problems than we have been. I
think that just putting a list of problems down without emphasizing details is
not the way to do it. We should be talking specifically about why we need
these things, where we have to do them, how they should be done and why
North County needs more transit options. For example, we should be talking
about having local buses that go to shopping centers, employment areas and
transit centers. Another thing that should be done, we have organizations in
this area that have excellent TDM systems. Stanford University, Facebook,
Google, SurveyMonkey. Those organizations have buses that sit just parked
on the street during midday. They bring the people in from all around the
Bay Area during the morning, and they take them home in the evening.
Otherwise, the buses sit. Why not go and talk to those companies and say,
"Maybe you can have those buses do local transit during the day." The
union contract says the bus drivers have to get paid for a full day anyway,
even if they're just sitting parked for eight hours. Go and talk to them and
see if you can get those organizations to also serve some local cities and
local communities. Another thing you should be looking at is how can we
make people take transit if the transit isn't available. We should have small
cars, small limousines, that go through Palo Alto. It'll take people from
residential areas to shopping areas, to Downtown, to California Avenue. We
can do that sort of thing. Maybe you want something that's kind of a
mixture between VTA and Uber, where we have people allowed to call up,
get transit and take it where they need to go. Once upon a time we had
that here in Palo Alto. My oldest daughter was the first one to get a ride on
a local bus, where she just called up and said, "I need to get to school," and
a bus came in ten minutes and took her to school. We should be doing that
sort of thing again. We should be using a variety of options, and not just
                                                                       Page 55 of 136
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/17/15
