                         TRANSCRIPT
from the Council what the concerns might be, so we can address them.
Because it conforms completely and due to the significant benefit it provides,
would you encourage this project to move forward as efficiently as possible?
Now, that does conclude my thoughts. I have additional slides at the end
that are really more detailed if people would like to ask me to come back
and explain something about TOT. Thank you.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.     At this time, Council Members can ask
questions or we can go to the public. I think Staff indicated going to the
public next, which is fine by me if it is with colleagues. I have six speaker
cards. You'll each have three minutes. When you hear your name, if you
would come to the front, that would help us move through these. Warren
Storkman to be followed by Nancy Martin.

Warren Storkman: My name is Warrant Storkman. I'm a resident down
close to San Antonio Road. My homes were built in the conventional type.
In fact, we were there watching Eichler pushing the cows out of the way as
he came down to San Antonio way back in 1954. My concern is that over
the years when Oregon Avenue came in, we divided the cities. Of course,
we're aware that we have the haves and have nots. I'm the have not,
because I'm south of Oregon Avenue. It seems like that part of the town
gets the worst end of all the deals that come up. I'm not sure if all the
members on the Council are from the northern part or not. You're in the
south? You're the only one. We have a hard time trying to protect
ourselves. We did finally get a City Councilman to get elected and protect us
for a few years back in the '60s. This project is great for some other place,
but not now. The traffic on San Antonio—I hope you guys go down there. I
don't care practically what time of day you go, it's bumper to bumper. It's
cars in mass array. You folks use San Antonio as a dumping ground for all
the heavy trucks to come up and down that road, so that's another problem.
Not to mention what Mountain View is doing; they're building a four-story
garage to accommodate four stories worth of automobiles. Dumping that
onto it is going to be awesome. I just you wanted to be aware that this idea
of the traffic won't be a problem, it will be. We've already got a massive
amount of cars and it's steadily. It's absolutely ridiculous what we have to
go through to get ourselves on the road. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, Mr. Storkman. Nancy Martin to be followed by
Joan Beitzs-Zuri. Again, if you hear your name called, if you would come to
the front, it really would help us. If Joan could move forward. Thank you.

Nancy Martin: Good evening. I'm Nancy Martin, I live at Greenhouse. I
have several concerns that I'm sure will be reiterated by my fellow speakers.
One is traffic.   It's absolute gridlock.      We're very concerned about

                                                                        Page 5 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
