                          TRANSCRIPT
setting very aggressive targets and requiring that monitoring happen. If
those employers do not meet those targets, there are some kind of penalties
or remedies that would be involved. We think that is the future. That's one
of the reasons that the Expressway Plan is only focused on trying to improve
existing conditions, because these are existing developments out there.
These are existing homes. This is the existing traffic. The Expressway Plan
looks forward just a few years to 2025 even though we call it Expressway
Plan 2040. We ran the model for 2040. The whole Expressway System goes
into a sea of red; 50 intersections fail. We hope, because that's long term,
that these new policies, these new ways that cities are approving land use
developments, the new requirements the cities are putting in will reduce the
future demand on the expressways. We purposely design our expressway
projects to try to deal with only existing and very near term conditions. We
know it can take a lot of years to make some of the transitions that are
being discussed.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm trying to figure out how all the puzzle pieces
fit together.

Ms. Cameron: I understand. I want to emphasize that the improvements
we're laying out here were focused on dealing with your existing conditions
out there.

Council Member Wolbach: Another question for both County and City Staff.
Can we talk more about how this intersects with the ballot measure that's
being discussed for the fall? In particular, I believe it was last week the City
Manager mentioned some discussions about extending the timeline for
submitting requests for projects so we can have more opportunity to have a
broader, contextual conversation instead of looking at just one project in
isolation, but maybe have a chance to look at different projects and prioritize
where we want to place our emphasis both financially and in advocacy
among various projects that'll directly impact Palo Alto. How's the status of
that discussion going?

James Keene, City Manager: Let me start off and then I'll turn it over to
County staff, and then maybe we can talk again. VTA has agreed to—I don't
have the exact date on it. The call for project submissions has been
extended from the July 10th date to the end of August. In working with the
Mayor this morning on planning the tentative agenda, our thought was to
schedule for the August 17th meeting, when the Council comes back, your
discussion or decision on the project submissions that the City would be
providing to VTA as part of the Vision 2040 program. While that certainly
has important relationships with a potential ballot measure, it's not exactly
going to play out to be one-for-one. We do have some time to look at that.

                                                                          Page 15 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
