                          TRANSCRIPT
walk or bike. One of the concerns I had, did you say one space for 60 feet
for retail? That's like 17 spaces for 1,000 feet as opposed to 4 per 1,000.

Mr. Lait: I'll just clarify. It's the dining area, the eating and drinking area
would be at 1 space per 60 square feet of floor area. The balance would be
treated at the regular rate of 1 to 200 or 1 to 250, whatever it is in the
Code.

Council Member Scharff: I think it is 1 per 250. For all other retail, it's 1
per 250. That's an effective ban on new restaurants. Frankly, that's what it
is. If we're going to extend it to places like Cambridge or on the side
streets, you want to allow people to put in restaurants. I first of all don't
buy that we need that much parking for that. People go down there.
There's a bunch of restaurants down there.            I don't think you add
restaurants and suddenly you need all that additional parking. We've just
created all this new outdoor eating space for people to be on our sidewalks.
That's why we widened the sidewalks. We're working at cross purposes
there. We shouldn't even do it on California Avenue. Instead, if we're
concerned about too many restaurants, we should say there can be just a
limit on the number of restaurants as opposed to we've now got a ban and
we're fixing in place the location of those restaurants. Where we've widened
the sidewalks, it may make some sense, where there aren't restaurants right
now, to have restaurants there. Where we haven't widened the sidewalk, to
have retail there. I'm not sure that we actually have the restaurants in the
right place. To fix everything in place doesn't make sense. The other thing
I'm concerned a little bit about is how does this work if you buy into the
district and you have an eating and drinking establishment where you now
have that 16 spaces grandfathered in. Does that mean I can turn that
restaurant into regular retail, non-eating and drinking, take those parking
spaces and go straight up and use them as grandfathered in for my office
project when I take my one or two-story and build a three-story, a 35-foot
high? Can I do that? If so, then what I'm really doing is transferring
parking on restaurant to office, and therefore not parking it. That would be
a loophole that I would be concerned about. Is that something people can
do or not?

Mr. Lait: I'll look to the City Attorneys to answer this, but I believe we had a
question to bond counsel to inquire further about that.

Ms. Silver: The termination of this bond has, of course, caused us to look
more closely at this issue. Bond counsel will be rendering an opinion on
some of those related parking questions.

Council Member Scharff: In other words, you're saying you don't know.

                                                                         Page 54 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
