                         TRANSCRIPT

ordinance process which the Council has deferred to the Comprehensive Plan
Update and asked that this prescreening review come back. There is an
ordinance before you on first reading tonight. The primary change in this
ordinance is to make prescreening mandatory in four situations where there
are significant projects contemplated. Those are Planned Community zones
which, of course, are on hold at this time, development agreements, general
plan amendments and specific plans, district maps—I'm sorry, there are
five—and zoning text amendments. The revised ordinance does retain a
voluntary process for any other type of significant project not captured by
that list. We can't immediately think of what one might be, but in case there
is one, there is a voluntary process that can be used to use a prescreening
for that type of project. Assistant Planning Director Jonathan Lait is here
before you to answer questions, as am I. We welcome the Council's
comments and questions.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, questions? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: If I understand, there was a change that a
voluntary prescreening would come to Council. Is that correct? Why that
change?

Ms. Stump: There is an at-places memo, Council Members. As we looked
more closely at the language and at Council's recent prescreening
experience, there was some older language which we proposed to not
include, which allowed the Council to direct the prescreening process
through a subordinate body or to do a conjunctive meeting in conjunction
with another body. We felt that it was more in line with Council's direction
and a more straightforward process to have prescreening conducted by the
Council in all cases in the first instance.

Council Member DuBois: How does that impact our agenda? Do we have
kind of say over timing, if we get a bunch of requests for prescreenings?

Ms. Stump: The Council always controls its agenda. The City Manager and
the City Clerk take the first stab at managing the Council's agenda in making
sure there are enough but not too many meaty items for every Council
meeting.

Council Member DuBois:        There's no clock that we have to hear a
prescreening within a certain amount of time?

Ms. Stump: That may depend on the stage that the prescreening comes to
you. Certainly before an application is filed, there is not. It there was a
                                                                       Page 36 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 10/26/15
