                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss moves approval of this item. I will
second that.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
Adopt a Resolution approving the issuance of the bonds by the California
Municipal Finance Authority (CMFA) for the benefit of Colorado Park, LP
(Borrower).

Mayor Holman: We shall vote on the board. That passes on an 8-0 vote
with Council Member Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

23.   PUBLIC HEARING AND PROPOSITION 218 HEARING: Finance
      Committee Recommendation That the City Council Adopt Two
      Resolutions: 1) Resolution 9541 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of
      the City of Palo Alto Amending Rate Schedules W-1 (General
      Residential Water Service), W-2 (Water Service From Fire Hydrants),
      W-3 (Fire Service Connections), W-4 (Residential Master-Metered and
      General Non-Residential Water Service), and W-7 (Non-Residential
      Irrigation Water Service) to Increase Water Rates 4% and Add
      Drought Surcharges;” 2) Resolution 9542 Entitled, “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Activating Drought Surcharges at the
      20% Reduction Level in Response to Mandatory Potable Water Use
      Restrictions Imposed by the State Water Resources Control Board.”

Valerie Fong, Utilities Director: Thank you very much, Mayor Holman.
Valerie Fong, Utilities Director. I am here with—he's kind of in a dual role.
For purposes of this presentation, he's the Senior Resource Planner and
Rates Manager, Jon Abendschein. I don't see Jane Ratchye, Assistant
Director, but she's also very actively involved in this. I think she'll show up
shortly.

Jon Abendschein, Utilities Operations Manager:       Good evening, Council
Members. Jon Abendschein, Senior Resource Planner. I'll just be very brief.
Tonight we're asking you to approve two Resolutions that are intended to
achieve three objectives. First, we're asking you to raise rates by 4 percent
which completes an overall 12 percent rate increase for the year as
recommended by the UAC and Finance Committee. We're also asking you to
modify the water rate schedules to include drought surcharges. These
drought surcharges would be on the rate schedules and available for use
                                                                        Page 37 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
