                         TRANSCRIPT
housing/jobs imbalance."     Cory may have addressed that already in his
comment—no?

Mayor Holman: That was under exemptions. It wasn't the criteria.

Council Member Kniss: In that case, I wonder if the maker of the motion
would consider adding that. I'm not married to it, but it's not a bad idea.

Council Member Scharff: This is going to come to Council, the scoring. For
me, it's a packet of things. It's dangerous to say that one item is more
important than the other. You might have one that has a lot of housing, but
the other has great design, has very little traffic or parking impacts, but
doesn't do as well on the jobs/housing. I'm not willing to say that that's the
most important thing to me, because it's not.

Council Member Kniss: I appreciate the discussion. We should continue
with the motion that ends with "public benefits offered."

Council Member Wolbach: I would offer an amendment, hopefully friendly.
We're talking about potential criteria.     We're not talking about one
necessarily outweighing all the others. A significant amount of housing as
relating to the jobs should be included as an item. I'm not sure what the
best wording would be.

Mayor Holman: Can you offer language please?

Council Member Scharff: Why don't you say "a mixed-use project including
housing"?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. "Mixed-use projects including substantial
housing."

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff, do you accept that?

Council Member Scharff: I do accept that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Mayor Holman: That's incorporated.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Mixed use projects including
substantial housing.”


                                                                       Page 79 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
