                            TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Mayor Holman. There's one more complication
regarding the chart on the screen about the ministerial applications. We
have currently an application for the private school, the Altschool, at 930
Emerson. On the chart, it shows as auto service to private school. There
was a prior application on that site that converted auto service to office use.
It's again going to be a fact-based investigation as to whether that prior
conversion was effective. It sounds like actually an auto service building
was converted to an office building. It was never occupied as office, and
now it's proposing to be occupied as a school. There's a complexity there
that we'll have to drill into deeper if the Council moves forward with auto
service uses, adding them to the list. As one of the Council Members
pointed out, there's also the complexity of the pipeline project that will be
implicated if the Council both adds auto service to the list and changes the
text that was added to the Ordinance based on your direction on April 6th
regarding the three discretionary projects in the pipeline.

Council Member Burt: Let me make sure I understand. I'm trying to think
through this. The site that you just mentioned that would be auto service to
a school, in that area the school is a permitted use, but it's not one of our
retail uses then. It would not be allowed to be converted in this case?

Mayor Holman: Can I ask a question too that might help inform that? Can...

Ms. Gitelman: We are getting so deep into this. I apologize. This will teach
me not to try and put some analysis like this together the day of a hearing.
The auto use is not currently there. The building has been converted to
office, but never occupied. Under the terms of this Ordinance, the school
still could go forward. The City Attorney, Staff and I have wanted to bring
forward a clarification of this section in 18.85.102, the actual moratorium. It
states pretty clearly that it's affecting any ground-floor retail use operating
or retail-like use operating as of March 2nd, 2015. It's preventing those from
converting to non-retail uses. That would come into play in this instance.
It's not currently operating as auto service, so it could be converted.
Similarly it would come into play for Compadre's. We talked about that
earlier this evening. It's not currently in use or it wasn't in use March 2nd as
an eating and drinking use. It would be allowed to proceed.

Council Member      Burt: This brings up an issue that wasn't discussed at all
until now, which    is the difference between whether a current facility is in use
as retail or that    was its last permitted use. That's a big difference. How
many properties     would be affected by that difference?

Ms. Silver: We don't know how many properties would be affected. The
reason why it's drafted the way it is, is that the Council's direction was to

                                                                            Page 50 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
