                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Do you have some comments of explanation?

James Keene, City Manager: No follow-up questions please, but we think we
have corrected the problem. We have some RF frequency gear in the
backroom, and we have our own system that we typically use here. There is
a lot of media here with their own systems that are more powerful than what
we've got it. There was some conflict there. We shut down the system we
typically have in the room. We're not using it anyway. That seems to have
cleared up the problem. I don't think the media is affected by it all. You
should be able to get back to conducting your business. Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: The City Attorney had the floor.

Ms. Stump: Responding to Council Member Kniss' question. I do not know
how long Mr. Beccaria would require to perform his update. Ms. Nanda may
be able to speak to that.

Council Member Kniss: Regarding the second part of that which was peer
review, that's separate from an update, I presume.

Ms. Stump: That's correct. The idea is that Mr. Beccaria would do an
update and complete updated appraisals to reflect the passage of time and
bring the appraisals current. Council, we believe, can provide for, at the
City's expense, a peer review of Mr. Beccaria's updated appraisals to get a
second opinion, if you will, to ensure that the appraisals are complete and
accurate and that they're well documented, appropriately documented,
reasonable and reflect the locational value. The peer reviewer could find
that that's the case and write a report so saying and stop there. If the peer
reviewer found some methodological flaws or problems with the data, he
could then be asked to provide an alternative opinion of value. That would
form the limited discretion of the Hearing Officer to resolve the appraisal
question between two numbers, if there were two at that point.

Council Member Kniss: Who would choose who does the peer review? Is
that something we would hand to you after we make a decision, if we do
make one tonight?

Ms. Stump: My recommendation is that you delegate that to Staff. My
office and the Planning Director and City Manager would identify an
appropriate professional who would conduct that review.

Council Member Kniss: You may circle back, but I wanted to start with that
and have that clearly on the table, which is what City Attorney Stump has
sent to us and which is in front of us.

                                                                      Page 18 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/26/15
