                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm thinking a little bit about the timing. We can't set
vision statements and goals until we have resolved or addressed some of
these bigger issues. If we could put it in ...

Council Member DuBois: That's fine. We need to do that work to get to the
vision statement, which is fine. I won't remove working on the vision
statement.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      What about then putting the second part of the
sentence in front?

Mayor Holman:     What do you mean?       Can you clarify that please, Vice
Mayor?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Start with "The Council will address critical issues,
choices, options, measures."

Mayor Holman: Followed by "the CAC will work on policies and programs"?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. Give those to the CAC.

Council Member DuBois: Okay. That's acceptable.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, would you make sure that the language
is what you intend?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah. There would be an active verb after "the Council
will address issues, choices and measures and provide guidance to the CAC
who will work on policies and programs according to the Comp Plan."

Mayor Holman: Is that acceptable, Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Council Member Scharff: I need to ask Staff what they think of it.

Mr. Keene: Can you connect the phrase of "according to the Comprehensive
Plan vision statements and goals" with your Amendment?

Vice Mayor Schmid: It would work temporally and then Council will work on
vision statements and goals. The CAC on policies and programs.

Mr. Keene: I'm trying to understand the intent in the sequence and working
with the words that you have up there. Is the idea saying that the Council
will address critical issues, choices, measures and provide guidance to the


                                                                      Page 113 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
