                             MINUTES
sustainability and trips, the Santa Monica model would probably be a better
approach. The question was how to minimize congestion and increase
mobility.

Council Member Berman reported the Council had heard concerns about and
initiated programs in relation to traffic, parking, and retail space. Those
programs remained in the 2015 work plan and would require a considerable
amount of Council and Staff time.          Implementing an office cap on
development would not preserve local retail, would not address rising rental
rates, and would not reduce greenhouse gas emissions from new
construction. A low cap or a moratorium would likely eliminate a few dozen
trips into Palo Alto and the need for a few dozen parking spaces, but would
require massive amounts of Staff and Council time to plan and initiate. Staff
and Council time would be better spent on other initiatives. He would not
support the implementation of a moratorium or a cap. The Council had an
opportunity to begin studying programs and performance measures that
would directly address problems and impacts of development. He was
interested in requiring new construction to meet target Single Occupancy
Vehicle (SOV) rates and identifying revenue-generating options from new
and existing buildings.

Vice Mayor Schmid felt the Staff Report asked the Council to frame a
discussion, to begin a debate. The current ratio of 3 employees to 1
employed resident would increase over the next 20 years; therefore,
parking, congestion, and density would worsen. The 1988 Citywide Land
Use and Transportation Study Final Report listed TDM as a solution to Palo
Alto's problems. TDM did not appear to be the solution by itself. Agenda
Item Number 7 authorized a consultant to assist Staff with answering
questions of who paid and who benefited. That was part of the debate.

Council Member Kniss believed Council Member Burt's list indicated the
complexity of the issues. Retail was one of the most difficult issues. Office
workers were the best retail customers. Businesses in adjacent communities
were expanding which would affect Palo Alto.

She was surprised by Palo Alto's lack of a parking app. A parking app would
reduce the number of cars driving around looking for a parking space. She
preferred to implement other initiatives prior to a cap on development.

Council Member DuBois stated the status quo was creating an environment
dominated by office space and decreasing diversity. Traffic, parking, noise
and air pollution, and bike safety were symptoms of the underlying issue.
The discussion was an opportunity for the Council to focus on root causes
and have a clear discussion regarding a fundamental vision for Palo Alto.


03/02/2015                                                             117- 42
