                          TRANSCRIPT
encourage more desalination.      That is very much in discussion now,
primarily because of the drought.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It certainly would be helpful to be kept up to date on
that.

Mayor Holman: Thane, do you have anything to add? Steve? City Staff,
any questions or comments? No, okay.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll move the Staff recommendation as amended.

Mayor Holman: There's no amendment. The Staff recommendation is what
the Policy and Services Committee referred to us. There's no as amended.

Council Member Wolbach: We made some amendments this evening.

Mayor Holman: Those were separate motions.

Council Member Wolbach: All right.

Mayor Holman: If I have it correctly, motion by Council Member Wolbach to
approve the Staff recommendation. Council Member Kniss, did I hear a
second? Okay.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to approve the Draft Fall 2015 Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic
Initiatives.

Mayor Holman: The motion is to approve the draft Fall 2015 Semi-Annual
Legislative Strategic Initiatives document. That is for our current legislative
environments in Sacramento and Washington, DC. That is found in the Staff
Report on packet pages 182-187. Noting that I'll have a qualified yea on the
Prop 13 reform. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 9-0 vote.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council Member Kniss:     Mayor Holman, could I make a brief comment to
that second?

Mayor Holman: Of course. I'm so sorry.

Council Member Kniss: I wanted to say how much I appreciate both our
federal lobbyists coming and our state lobbyist. It's very helpful to hear that
and to hear it from the "horse's mouth." Just hear exactly what's happening
in Washington as well as in Sacramento. I'm glad that we have the practice.


                                                                         Page 62 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
