                          TRANSCRIPT
raised its minimum wage while making a similar vow, and there's no
regional strategy yet. We urge you to make devising a regional strategy a
top priority and then making it happen. Thank you very much.

Karen Lemes: Hello, my name is Karen Lemes. I live in Los Altos Hills.
The inequality in the economic field is a concern all over the country and
especially in our area. I'm very impressed with Palo Alto working on this
issue. I urge you to work in a regional way, and hopefully the town of Los
Altos Hills will also adopt such an Ordinance. Thank you.

Nancy Coupal: Sorry, JP had to leave, so I'll speak for him and for me.
Nancy Coupal, good evening. As a small business owner here in Palo Alto, I
just wanted to bring up a few things. I'm not really sure why all of a
sudden cities are determining minimum wage rather than the State, which
used to be the case. I know Palo Alto's followed the State up until now. As
small business, you look at components of the business which kind of add
up to right now in the restaurant field labor is the biggest single factor in
anybody's budget. Within that, there's a lot of different components. I
don't think anybody in Palo Alto pays minimum wage right now. You can't
get anybody. It's hard enough to get staff to come here, because there's
nowhere to park and it's too expensive to live. You have to pay higher
wages. Now, with the City wanting to determine what minimum wage is,
we'll no longer probably consider trainees, interns that were earning
minimum to learn a business as well as tipped employees make minimum
wage plus tips. If they're in a full-service restaurant, they often earn more
than managers. The minimum wage can't be looked at as a simple
minimum wage, because there's a lot of different components there. I'd
like you to perhaps consider meeting with people in the restaurant field to
figure out how that could be taken into effect. If you look at a full-service
server, they can earn up to $45 an hour because of their tips. It'll be very
difficult to pay chefs and managers after that. I'd like you to take that into
consideration. Thank you.

Michael Ekwall: Good evening everyone. First of all, I'd like to thank you
for the opportunity to speak here to the Council on what unfortunately
seems to be a somewhat contentious issues. My name is Michael Ekwall.
My wife and I own La Bodeguita on California Avenue. We've been here in
Palo Alto for 18 years. One of the issues that we have with this minimum
wage situation that you're putting forward is that there's no recognition of
tip credits, what's called total compensation in this Ordinance. Now,
California is actually one of the only states in the country that doesn't
recognize a tip credit or a total compensation package. What that means is
that in our situation we pay an employee minimum wage, where they might
be making $20, $30, $40 an hour in tips. These are the only members of
                                                                         Page 20 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
