                             MINUTES
Council Member Berman remarked that his values were urging him to
oppose closure of the park. More than 40 percent of Palo Alto residents
were renters. Rental rates were steadily increasing. It was important to
increase the affordable housing stock in Palo Alto.           However, his
responsibility in hearing the appeal was to determine whether State law and
the City Ordinance were being followed.

Council Member Scharff concurred with many of Council Member Berman's
comments. The Council was not in its usual role of a legislative body. The
Council's role was to determine whether the Hearing Officer made the
appropriate decision in the context of the law. He was looking forward to
community efforts to save Buena Vista once the hearing of the appeal was
completed.

Council Member Filseth remarked that many Buena Vista residents would not
be able to find other housing in Palo Alto or the Bay Area. The root issue
was the price of housing in the area surrounding Palo Alto.               The
socioeconomic diversity of the City of Palo Alto was not the responsibility of
the park owner. If the park owner complied with the Ordinance, then he
should be allowed to close the park.

Vice Mayor Schmid recognized Buena Vista residents as a key part of the
City and critical to the City's future.  The Council should consider
adjustments that reflected the value of Buena Vista residents to the
community. Those adjustments should consider the value of schools and
safety.

Council Member Wolbach supported comments made by Council Members.
He would be inclined to agree in a large part with the Hearing Officer's
decision. He was eager for suggestions to modify the relocation package to
reflect the value of owning a home in Palo Alto.

Council Member Burt commented that all parties had proceeded with a good
faith effort and performed effectively. He was interested in reviewing the
need for more than one bedroom with respect to comparable housing;
utilizing a broad description of amenities; and reviewing the discounting of
value through the knowledge of park closure. Any one of those factors
would not radically change the appraised value, but they should be included.

Council Member DuBois noted the safety and stability of Buena Vista.
Safety, City services, and schools should be considered as aspects of
comparable housing. The unpermitted additions should be included in
calculating the rent subsidy. He suggested the Council direct the appraisal
methodology to place more weight on in-place value. The calculation of
average rents utilized more comprehensive data sources and more cities on
                                                                        Page 24 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
