                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Your procedures allow you to reconsider an item, a vote, until
the next agenda item is called. It should be one of the folks in the prevailing
side that would reconsider.

Council Member Burt: This whole notion that an Amendment fails because it
got seven votes is not technically correct procedurally. It would only be the
primary Motion that would fail if it didn't get eight votes.

Ms. Stump: It's not ...

Council Member Burt: It doesn't determine how somebody would vote on
the primary Motion just because they voted against an Amendment. That's
a separate decision.

Ms. Stump: This is an Urgency Ordinance. It takes eight votes to pass.

Council Member Burt: I understand that fully. I'm saying that somebody
who voted against an Amendment might still vote for the main Motion with
that Amendment in there. That's a separate decision for that Council
Member to make.

Ms. Stump: I understand what you're saying. It's sensible the way Council
is proceeding, requiring eight votes on the straw polls. If the Mayor wishes
to make a different ruling, that's a question.

Council Member Burt: I want to treat those as straw polls. I don't think that
should preclude them. That may cause a Council Member to not include it in
the main Motion or elect not to include it in the main Motion, but it doesn't
prohibit someone from saying, "I want to see if I have support to put that in
the main Motion." That's a majority to do that.

Mayor Holman: I think it is an interesting procedural question. It's not one
that I certainly have ever faced before.

Council Member Filseth: Can I complicate the procedural question even
farther? We haven't gone back yet to the original, now deleted, Amendment
about changing applications that were submitted versus applications that
were approved.

Mayor Holman: The pipeline projects.

Council Member Filseth: The pipeline. There's an interaction between that
one and the automotive services item as well.

Mayor Holman: Yes, there is. It presents a complication of how to deal with
that if we don't know what's addressed or not.
                                                                         Page 49 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
