                          TRANSCRIPT
of the Board. I do hope that you'll dig into that to the best of your ability
and purview.

Council Member Burt: I'd like to follow onto this last discussion about the
Board's frequency of meetings and this example that came up on Monday of
the 429 University project which we specifically referred to the HRB. We had
discussions about what's the process by which items get referred to HRB,
really some questioning and concern as to whether projects should be
getting to the HRB that aren't today. Beth, hearing from you that you're
meeting less frequently than historically, it begs the question do you
perceive any change in recent years versus traditionally as to what things
were being referred to the HRB. Are you seeing fewer things referred?

Ms. Bunnenberg: We are, in some ways, seeing not as many things being
referred. I'm not quite sure why that's happening. I did want to mention
one important thing is that we do study sessions. This is word that needs to
get out, maybe again at the Development Center. If you have a historic
property, if you can put some conceptual plans together, come in and talk to
the Historic Planner and put some conceptual plans together, maybe you
could get a study session and find out whether you're on the right track
before you pay for full plans. This would be one kind of thing. We've had a
fair number of historic properties sold recently. It does take a while for
people to decide what they want to do with a particular property.,

Council Member Burt: Using this project of 429 University as illustrative of
what may be going on in the process, one of the questions we had was what
triggers a project to be referred to HRB. In this case, it was not a building
that in and of itself was historic, but whether the demolition and construction
of a new building would have an impact on adjacent historic structures.
What I took away from Monday is that there aren't real clear criteria as to
determining what gets referred to the HRB. It's a lot of discretion and
subjectivity. Do you have any insights on that, what was done either
traditionally or today?

Chair Kohler: This is the beginning of my 21st year on the HRB, so I have
some history. It's all because of Liz Kniss down at the end of the hall. She
said, "You ought to sign up for the HRB." I did. In the first few years I was
on the Board, there was a year where we met two or three times a week,
because all the homes in Palo Alto were being reviewed. We were in the
little room next door and there were people out in the hall. It was quite a
deal. In fact, I have the picture in the Weekly that was there. It's been up
and down in terms of where we go. As I'm sitting here listening about the
mood on University Avenue, in a sense all of University Avenue, and I didn't
bring my aerial photo from Downtown Palo Alto from 1940. It was historic in

                                                                         Page 15 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
