                          TRANSCRIPT

whole thing is kind of a disagreement with the process as it's set up. We've
talked about the San Mateo County model. I have concerns that the way
the system is currently set up puts Palo Alto kind of behind the eight ball in
the sense that there are bigger, more expensive projects that are more fully
baked and ready for money to be deployed. Therefore, if the way that we're
allocating that $6 billion is project by project, then we're in a worse off place
than other communities. If we're allocating the $6 billion by bucket,
whether it's mode share or general transportation efforts, grade seps
countywide or whatever, then I think that gives a little more time and
flexibility for the upfront analysis that needs to be done that I think was the
point of the motion that just passed and then being able, once we have that
data, to deploy the resources in a more intelligent way to solve the regional
transportation issues that we have. It's probably too late to fight back
before August 31st, or 30th or whenever this is due. I think after that there
should be a concerted effort to say to VTA that we just disagree with the
entire process and that this isn't the most intelligent way to go about doing
it and other communities have done it in a more strategic fashion and that
we think that that's how we should proceed. I totally agree that this is a
really unique opportunity to make huge headway on trenching Caltrain. One
question that I had was in the list of projects we have trenching Caltrain for
Meadow and Charleston, but then we have Churchill being depressed below
Caltrain for the Churchill grade separation. I thought when we looked at this
earlier this year or late last year—I can't remember when it was—that we
kind of decided as a Council that the amount of takings that would involve
would probably prohibit it. I didn't look back to the Staff report and the
study, but if we were to depress Caltrain at Churchill under the Caltrain
tracks, wouldn't we need to use eminent domain to take a lot of those
properties for that project? Am I misremembering?

Mr. Keene: No, that was my recollection.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Council Member Berman. Hillary Gitelman. This is not my area of
expertise, but I think we selected the option to put on the list of projects
that had the least amount of takings of the two different options that were
looked at for Churchill. It involves depressing Alma rather than trying to do
it with Alma at its current grade. Alma would go down to meet Churchill. It
is complicated. There's no doubt that it needs a lot more study and analysis.
Of the options that were analyzed, this was the least invasive in terms of
needing additional right-of-way.


                                                                         Page 87 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
