                         TRANSCRIPT
Eliminating the planned "City Hall" sign was how much? I feel like we're in
bidding war.

Mr. Eggleston: The same price as the police sign.

Council Member Kniss: Are we saying those first two add up to $35,000?

Mr. Eggleston: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: We're eliminating $35,000, but you want to get it up
to $125,000. Right, Tom?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah in the garage.

Council Member Kniss: The best way to get rid of the money is eliminating
the garage repainting, correct? All right. I just want to come back to this
for a minute. Staff has thought this through. They think it has great value.
Did we do any trials on the public? I'm trying to think of some way that we
can say, "This would work, and it will make a difference." It's $100,000.
For heaven's sakes, we spend $100,000 usually without—I don't know about
the lipstick on the pig, but we certainly can use far better signage. Help me
out.

Mr. Eggleston: We didn't run any tests. As part of the process of coming up
with these recommendations, our design consultants, Square Peg, worked
with us to interview various people at City Hall. During that process, one of
the things that came across was the confusion that we see from people
about the "A," "B," "C." As we were trying to come up with this package to
have the best design that we could, we included that as an element.

Council Member Kniss: Helpful.

Council Member Wolbach: I see a lot of value in updating and clarifying
which levels are parking, which ones aren't. If there's a way to do it that's
cheaper, that has the same effect, that people coming to the building by car
or by foot or by bike have an easy way to find where to park and if they're
already in the building or the parking garage, they can get out. When
they're coming back to their bike or their car, they can find it easily. If
there's a cheaper way to do that, fantastic. I might be in the same boat as
Council Member Berman; I'm still making up my mind about part "c." I'm
sympathetic to the desire to save costs if possible. I had one question for
now. My understanding is that the only other parking garage we have in our
Downtown area that has an underground area is Cowper. Is that correct,
that's a City garage? Do we have any other ...


                                                                       Page 26 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
