                          TRANSCRIPT
threshold could we actually establish that would be rational and scientifically
based? I don't really find any other different quantities that would be
acceptable.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks. I'd just like to say, I mean, I think CPI is
a good company. You guys make good products. That's not really the
question. Both the company and the homes have been there a long time.
It's not like one was there well before the other either. If we were zoning
this today, I don't think we would allow it to happen this close. I think some
type of amortization process makes sense. Updating our ordinances on
material handling makes sense. We have a duty to protect the community.
I think there are reasonable concerns. I'm going to support the Motion.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights so—Molly.

Ms. Stump: Madam Mayor, just one housekeeping item. I'm not sure this
needs to be part of the Motion. Perhaps it is prudent to direct Staff to
continue to evaluate whether there are any additional facilities that would
fall under the new proposed Zoning Ordinance. To the extent that there are,
that Staff similarly pursue an exploration of appropriate amortization for
those facilities. This is based on the fact that we are at least possibly
considering that there is another facility. Now, it may not in fact be
captured by this regulation. If it is, then we should proceed with respect to
that facility in a similar manner and explore appropriate amortization.

Mayor Holman: The board did light up. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Madam Mayor. I want to agree with a
lot of the comments that my colleagues have made, and especially just
initially kind of call out and emphasize the comments last made by Council
Member DuBois and also alluded to by Council Member Burt. CPI is a good
company; they make important products. While they haven't been a perfect
neighbor necessarily to the community, I think on the whole they've done a
good job of addressing concerns that the City has brought up. Maybe not
communicated that as well to the community. I do support the Motion. I
think we're moving in a right direction now that we've taken a kind of
deliberate look at this situation, which obviously isn't ideal of having this
type of operation across the fence from a residential neighborhood. Ideally,
this would have been evaluated a decade ago when the operations were
consolidated at this site or longer before that, but that isn't the case. Now,
it's important for us to take a responsible, legally appropriate approach. I
think we're doing this. For me personally—one of the reasons I especially
appreciate the second part of the Motion—I think in an ideal world we get
two things. One is certainty for the neighborhood and for the company. If I

                                                                            Page 81 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
