                          TRANSCRIPT
so that they'll be able to hear when the names are called. All the kids know
that planes are always going over their school. I also spend time at my
daughter's friend on La Para. Nixon School, La Para, Crescent Park, I'm
around there all the time. It's a deluge; it's dumping of planes all over Palo
Alto. The quality of life is fast disappearing. I also have a letter for all of
you, a three-page letter from the County Supervisors in Santa Cruz, what
they're doing. They've come together to stop some of the next gen things
and come up with other solutions. I hope you can all read it. I've
highlighted a few parts. They're actively trying to get some solutions and
restore some quality of life for Santa Cruz County.

Rachel Kellerman: Thank you for hearing me this evening. My name is
Rachel Kellerman, and I live in Professorville. I'm currently on break from
my job as the teacher librarian at Palo Alto High School. I'm finding it
difficult to work and sleep in the home that I have lived in since 1992.
These problems are due to the incessant airplane noise that is now plaguing
our City, due to the FAA's new metroplex next gen program. I did some
research in order to illustrate this problem for you this evening. Noise
pollution from jets is measured in terms of decibel peak, length of noise
event and frequency of noise event. According to a British aviation site, the
British Airways flight that flew over my house at 3,200 feet at 5:00 p.m.
today was firing between 65 and 70 decibels. This is approximately the
decibel level of a vacuum cleaner. Think of a vacuum cleaner going on and
off, on and off from 5:00 to 5:30 every few minutes, and you will get a
snapshot of the magnitude of the noise pollution problem just about every
evening in our City. We aren't the only community dealing with the FAA's
flawed metroplex problem. An article in the New York Times today about
many communities in the New York area dealing with this problem. They
talk about the competing interests, which we're all well aware of, safety,
commerce, private enterprise and public good. I submit that the public good
in this community has been ignored by the FAA. I am looking to you, my
City Council, to rectify this problem. I'm willing to work with you and any
member of this community to try and repair the damage.

Jennifer Landesmann: My name is Jennifer Landesmann, and I'm here on
behalf of the Palo Alto Sky Posse, who you may know are residents
concerned with correcting the blight of low-flying airplane noise pollution
over our City and neighboring communities. We very much appreciated the
consideration the Policy and Services Committee gave us a few months ago
and the engagement with City Staff. We're pleased to report that the draft
scope of an independent study of air traffic impacts over Palo Alto is being
finalized within the next days. We also wanted to let you know that we
obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request the data that will
fuel the study; more than 11 years of complete flight data for a 35-mile
                                                                         Page 32 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
