                         TRANSCRIPT
officer is checking all of that. If there is a paper permit that's for a white
Honda and it's on a black Toyota, they get a ticket. The hangtag permits are
meant to be transferrable. Residents are able to purchase those for use by
visitors.   Businesses are able to purchase those for use by different
employees. If somebody is working a morning shift, they can use it in the
morning, and then the afternoon shift worker can use it then. Those are not
vehicle specific.

Council Member Kniss: Have we seen resistance from businesses to buy
permits for their employees?

Ms. Atkinson: In some cases in the beginning, yes. It was a change. When
employees are accustomed to parking on-street without a permit, having to
then navigate a new online permit system, have a permit, remember to keep
the permit in their car, it's a change. There was some resistance initially to
that. I think that people have settled into the Program fairly well. It's
something that they're becoming more accustomed to.

Vice Mayor Kniss: I think that's maybe where some of our challenges in the
future are going to be, though, with those. I am going to presume that we
will work those out as our Council together with you as Staff. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, a lot of thanks to Staff and to the
Committee. It really is hard to start something new. Glad to see that it's up
off the ground. It's clear that parking has value. I have a list of issues, and
I'll probably rattle off questions. Maybe you can address them at the end.
You answered some of my questions about issues around fraud and
protection and knowing who's using these things. I'm curious how we detect
people moving cars during the day into different zones. I do think Council
needs more visibility into the TMA, and that's been brought up a couple of
times in letters to us. I was curious if there was any feedback from retailers
themselves in terms of customer parking. I agree with the comments about
distance. I'm not sure half a mile is really a good measure in the age of
scooters and bikes. I'm glad to see the garages filling up. It was interesting
to see that the City garage has the longest waiting list and the highest
vacancy at the same time. I would have liked to have seen more analysis of
the data, the registration data. I'm curious do we see any patterns of high
use of, say, hangtags from businesses or from residents.             I've heard
anecdotally there are Airbnb places that have 16 passes, so I'm curious if we
saw any residents with an unusually high number of passes, that kind of
thing. More broadly, is there any reason that some of that registration data
couldn't be made public in an anonymized fashion? When you look at the

                                                                       Page 51 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
