                         TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Mello: We've been working with SamTrans who has put together a
scope of work for a consultant that they already have under contract. The
funding is coming from the MTC Bike Share program, and it's being routed
through SamTrans. One of the things I asked to be included in the scope
was what's called a demand analysis. This is where you look at where
people live, work and play. There's formulas that have been developed to
determine how likely those people are to use bike share to make trips. We'll
get a heat map for the entire City that shows where people are likely to
make bike share trips. Using that demand analysis, we can then calculate
how many bikes and how many stations we would need to have an ideal
system that serves our residents and our community effectively. That'll give
us the tools we need to negotiate with Motivate, with MTC and/or an
additional vendor depending on the outcome of the study this spring.

Council Member Scharff: I also wanted to support your concept of where
possible to put in separated bike lanes. I really like that. I mean, I think
that's one of the real—a lot of the people who bike, they're comfortable with
that. To bring new people into biking and get those numbers up, I think
people are much more comfortable when it's separate. I think when we look
at those major arterials, it's no fun to bike along El Camino or Alma or
frankly even Middlefield. I don't even like biking down north California. I
biked down Middlefield the other day to get to the JCC; that was not a great
experience. To the extent possible, I actually agree with Tom that we
should as much as possible try and separate the cars from the bikes. You
want to keep our arterials with the cars and bike lanes without the bikes. I
thought that was a really good comment that Council Member DuBois made.
I also want to comment briefly on Council Member Burt's comment about—
you were talking about pedestrian paths in certain places. I think that's a
great idea. I like that. If feasible, I actually would also like jogging trails
next to it in which you have not concrete or asphalt or pavement, but
something you can run on without destroying your knees. I think that's
really helpful. You see that on Stanford's, where they have the little dirt
tracks—it doesn't have to be wide—right on the side. I don't think it's that
expensive to add the little dirt track. I think that makes a huge difference.
I think you guys did a great job. I'm looking forward to hearing about the
Midtown connector. I find it really hard to get east to west on my bike. I
usually try and do it and end up getting stuck and like going around in
circles and dead-ends and stuff. I think it'd be great. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.


                                                                         Page 18 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
