                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: You can have Pat's time.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I appreciate it. What's the schedule
for the fire station? I haven't read Monday's packet yet. When's the
anticipated completion for Fire Station 3? I know it said, I think, Fire Station
4 design contract is supposed to be finalized in 2018.              What's the
anticipation for that?

Mr. Eggleston: With the caveat that what we're going to talk about are just
kind of rough schedules at this point. We don't have the designer on board.
What we had put into the CIP was that we expected to complete
construction in June 2018.

Council Member Berman: On Fire Station 3?

Mr. Eggleston: On Fire Station No. 3.

Council Member Berman:       That'll take like a year total for construction?
When's the ...

Mr. Eggleston: I think we were estimating a potential total of a year and a
half.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mr. Eggleston: We'll have a better handle on that once we get our design
consultant on board and start to work on it.

Mayor Holman: If I could interrupt.

Council Member Berman: Please.

Mayor Holman: June of what year for completion of "3"?

Mr. Eggleston: 2018.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.

Council Member Berman: We're going to see on Monday night with the bike
and pedestrian bridge what we're seeing tonight with the Public Safety
Building. I get to blame Staff even though I was there every step of the
way. Why didn't we anticipate that costs were going to be higher if we're
looking into the future? How can we do this better? How can we not be
using present day cost estimates when we're making plans that are
obviously going to be years out into the future? Is there something better
that we can do moving forward to more realistically estimate these costs?
                                                                            Page 9 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
