                          TRANSCRIPT
power you have right now and this fabulous opportunity, because the
developers will do whatever you say. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Yes, Charles Lam to be followed by Doria Summa.

Charles Lam: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'm
Charles Lam, resident of Downtown North and homeowner. I'd just like to
add that I attended the Palo Alto 2030 Summit last May. On our small, little
table we had six people, was like a microcosm of Palo Alto, was very diverse
and there wasn't much we could agree. The one thing we could agree was
that the housing problem and the traffic problem can be a win-win situation
if we actually increase housing in the Downtown transport centers. You
could reduce traffic by reducing cars and even with spouses who don't work
in Palo Alto, they can take transit. I would definitely see that as a kind of
no-brainer, win-win. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Doria Summa to be followed by Jerry Schwartz.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council. Doria Summa,
College Terrace resident, and also I'm a member of the CAC. I wasn't
necessarily planning on speaking this evening, because I thought this was
more of an opportunity for me to hear your discussion that will give us some
direction about your goals and visions for the Comp Plan. I wasn't going to
take it as an opportunity to advocate for my own points of view. I really
appreciate many of the comments that were made. I know you already
have a keen appreciation of the diversity of opinions on land use in Palo Alto.
One general observation I wanted to make going forward with the Comp
Plan, I hope that we will be able to emphasize internal consistency among
the elements in the Comp Plan. A very simple example. If we're going to
allow for more growth, we need policies that will show how we can have
more growth without degradation of the environment, natural resources and
air quality. Otherwise, it just creates inconsistency instead of consistency
across the Comp Plan. I think we need a better Comp Plan, so it can be a
better guiding document going forward. Just one last thing. I really
appreciate many of the comments, but I don't think that the Council can
make the housing prices in Palo Alto lower than they are, as much as we'd
all like to. I think the housing prices have been driven by the commercial
growth.      Since the jobs/housing imbalance can never, at this point,
realistically be corrected, I just want to emphasize keeping the quality of life
as good as we can for everybody across the board. I think Palo Alto does a
very good job compared to many of our neighbors in providing below market
rate housing. That is something I would like continued, and also protecting
our open spaces. Thank you.


                                                                         Page 47 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
