                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I might offer that there's—no, I guess we can't do a
spot zone. Let me ask Staff this. Yeah, maybe we can. If we want to
preserve the existing retail and services that are on Cambridge, could we
have an Ordinance that would lock those into retail or is that spot zoning?

Ms. Stump: You've already done that. That's ...

Council Member Burt: We've done that on an Urgency Ordinance, but this is
not an Urgency Ordn.

Ms. Stump: Right. Our direction was to extend the Urgency Ordinance and
to replicate it with a regular Interim Ordinance that would last for two years
or until the planning process is complete.

Council Member Burt: For Cal. Ave. you mean?

Ms. Gitelman: If I can respond to that. What you're asking is whether on a
permanent basis we could adjust our zoning provisions to protect as retail
those spaces on Cambridge or that area on Cambridge that has some retail.
We could craft the boundaries for this district to encompass most if not all of
those areas without capturing too many of the "nonconforming uses." That
would take some study of what we think the boundaries could be.

Council Member Burt: If the intent is to preserve existing retail and services
on Cambridge, then we should give different direction. This basically says
we want a major expansion. How about if we had something in here that
gives guidance to Planning and Transportation Commission to ...

Mayor Holman: It's there. Again, it's for P&TC to consider.

Council Member Burt: I understand that. To review means to preserve
existing retail in those areas long term. We have something now, as the
City Attorney stated, that is going to do it for the—it's doing it now on an
urgency. The intention is to bridge that until the Comp Plan is done. What
are we saying we want to do here tonight that's different from that?

Council Member Scharff: What we're trying to do is to expand the retail on
Cambridge. If there's new development, things are torn down, you have
ground-floor retail. That's what this does from a practical point of view.

Council Member Burt: That goes to my other question, what does that mean
for the current non-retail? They are only in jeopardy of their current use if
there's a redevelopment. Then it must become retail or service.

Mayor Holman: Yes. If you look at the map, there's a fair amount of
personal service from, I can't tell what that is, about halfway between Birch
                                                                         Page 79 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
