                          TRANSCRIPT

      Long-Range Transportation Plan (VTP 2040) and Discussion of the
      Potential Envision Silicon Valley 2016 Transportation Tax Measure.

28.   Authorization for the Mayor to Sign a Letter Regarding Palo Alto’s
      Position on New Funding for State and Local Transportation
      Infrastructure.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mayor, Members of the
Council. Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager. I got the nod to be the
spokesperson for the Staff team that's been working on this particular issue.
Got actually quite a bit of information to go through. Perhaps in the interest
of facilitating the Council discussion, I'll go through it quickly, and we can
use some of the slides as may be necessary, identifying the individual
projects as a reference for the Council discussion. That said, let's see. I'll
jump in. Great. As noted, the item before you relates to the VTA's Call for
Projects which is an update to the Valley Transportation Plan 2040 as well as
input to the Regional Transportation Plan led by the Metropolitan
Transportation Commission. The Call for Projects is an important step in this
process, also in the context of ongoing discussions of a 2016 transportation
sales tax measure. At its most simplistic level, we are simply responding to
this Call for Projects. It is inclusion into a process that has been initiated by
VTA that's known as Envision Silicon Valley Community Engagement
Program related to this potential sales tax measure in 2016. As a follow-on
to that effort, VTA has put an invitation out to agencies and also to the
general public to submit projects identifying transportation needs. This
update to the VTP, the Transportation Plan, also creates interest in ensuring
that our submittal is comprehensive. As a result, some have referred to it
as a bit of a wish list. The packet also includes a draft letter developed in
consultation with a number of representatives from cities in the North
County and West Valley in order to propose to VTA and propose a
coordinated request for an integrated systems approach, ultimately resulting
in a more integrated funding plan for the tax measure. As such, the Staff
Report you received is recommending Council approve participation in this
joint letter as well as we've identified a number of potential guiding
principles for advocacy with VTA and other actors over the next several
months. With respect to the Call for Projects, the VTA has established a
very structured process for the submittal of the projects starting with the
existing VTP document as well as the opportunity to add new projects with
specific criteria for inclusion, both in terms of the format as well as the basic
categories of projects. What we have here is the first of several slides that
itemize the projects that are proposed for inclusion in our submittal. I won't
go through them individually, but perhaps just for the purpose of identifying
                                                                         Page 48 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
