                          TRASNCRIPT
really want to spend most of our time in this session with your questions and
feedback.

Ryan Mottau, MIG: Moving on. What we have in front of us here, both Rob
and I, are two very thick binders of material that we assembled as a part of
this review process. It's really the amalgamation of all of the pieces that
we've been developing. This is a really wide variety of everything from
inventory data to your program participation data, fill rates and cancellations
of classes as well as our analysis on-site and in talking with the broader
community. The input process really was multilayered, many different
opportunities for people to come to us and for us to go to your community to
really talk about the many different topics here. Over 2,000 points of input
across these different activities; the list being on your screen. The details
really existing, as we said, on the website as well as in the reports. Some of
these things really include, as I said, both us asking the community to come
to us and then going out into the parks, going to people where they're at,
with online interactions and really finding the ways to solicit as much
feedback from the broadest group as possible. One of these tools, always
an interesting and important one, is the online survey that we did. I'm just
kind of giving this as an example; although, it was one that had a large
number of individual responses. It really illuminated some interesting points
for us: the really strong interest and support for the bicycle and pedestrian
improvements that this community has made a big investment in; really
expanding the usefulness of parks through restrooms and wider accessibility
to those; the focus on fitness and health, again, lining up right with the
comments that we heard at the beginning of this process. To just sum up a
whole thread of comments, basically nature everywhere, where we can find
it, how we can enhance that across the system. In this analysis and in this
input process, what we really see is that we've identified a whole lot of a
universe of possibilities here.      Possibilities to improve what is really
recognized as being an already great park system. One of the things that
we really want to focus this process on, as we've gone all the way through,
is how do we filter down from all of the possibilities to the things that really
make the most sense, that are the most practical, that are the most
impactful. We start with that data. We're really driving all of this by finding
the qualitative and quantitative data that we can bring in front of our
planning, the experts that are on your Staff and in your community, serving
on your Parks and Recreation Commission, working through a really wide
variety of topics to identify what are the possibilities here. Again, just
keeping that emphasis on. The website really does have a lot of the
background here, but it's also been a home for coordinating these efforts
and advertising the ongoing outreach process. One tool in this part of the
process in thinking about this data and the analysis is thinking about the
access that people have to the park and recreation system. We were able to
                                                                         Page 16 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
