                         TRANSCRIPT
responsive customer services to its residents and businesses, priorities
reflected in policies and programs, and specifically address the intention of
the City to reinforce a customer service ethic and changes in City Staff
management techniques and performance review criteria and public service
processes are proposed to impose the quality of service. There's a bunch of
policies and programs about providing quality services using customer
service metrics that made a lot of sense to me when I read it. I don't know
if I want to kind of start wordsmithing.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor?

Mayor Holman: It's not wordsmithing. It is really a direction for the City.
Jim.

Mr. Keene: Rather than you guys get into a wordsmith battle here, I think
we understand the tension between these two ideas. I think we could craft
some language in the narrative that reconciles it. To be honest with you, I
agree with your view that we're about public service. Without getting into it
too much, there is an element of customer service, though, that's an aspect
of that. We don't treat people as customers, but there are attitudes that are
associated with the term customer service that we want to be sure we have.
We don't want to be thinking that who we serve are customers. I mean,
we've got citizens; we have these clients. I really think that we could take
your intention on not limiting this to just the customer service kind of
framework and frame it more public service. We still may be able to include
some of these terms, though, in the subset.

Mayor Holman: Could I offer then an "H" ...

Mr. Keene: I've been working on this for 25 years.          I actually know
something about this.

Mayor Holman: Could I add a "G" then, for the maker of the motion and
seconder, that would be addressing the comments that I appreciate from
City Manager Keene, that "Staff will address the tension between customer
service and public service in framing goals and policies"? City Manager?
Maker of the motion? Staff will address tension between the language of
customer service and public service.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, that's fine.

Mayor Holman: That's something you're—okay. Council Member Filseth?

Council Member Filseth: I'm fine with it. (inaudible)


                                                                      Page 85 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
