                          TRANSCRIPT
have no idea what just happened for the past 15 minutes while you guys
were doing this.

Mayor Holman: David, can you put it on two screens? Would that satisfy
people, so we're not scrolling? We've done that before; we've put it on two
screens.

Council Member Berman: How difficult is it to send it to a printer and print it
out? I'm probably going to have a lot of questions about it. It would be a
lot easier if I’m not looking up at two screens behind me.

Council Member DuBois: I think we want to delete Number 1. It's leftover
text.

Mayor Holman: It seems to me that we would want to keep that except
delete what's after the comma, "the project does not satisfy the following
findings."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “the project does not
satisfy the following findings.”

Council Member Burt: Let's do that at a minimum right now. On Number 1,
delete the final phrase, "the project does not satisfy the following findings."
We have to have consistent language. They weren't worded in the same
way. "That the Applicant redesign the project and the project be submitted
to the ARB," I don't think we need to say that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “that the
ApplicantApplicant redesign the project and the project be submitted to the
Architectural Review Board.”

Council Member DuBois: I think it's covered.

Council Member Burt: It's going to go back to the ARB and the HRB. To
meet that, they have to make whatever changes are necessary to comply
with these other guidelines. We don't have to say, "You have to redesign it."

Mayor Holman: That's true, so we could eliminate that.

Council Member Burt: Let's delete "1" under ARB.

Mayor Holman:     Not the whole thing, just that the Applicant redesign the
project.

                                                                       Page 89 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
