                           TRANSCRIPT
Thanks to Jeremy Dennis in that regard. Lastly, maybe we can figure out a
way for the Mayor to get down here at the end. A few weeks ago, I
announced that the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center had
achieved LEED Platinum, the highest designation for Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design Green Building Certification Program. If you can
remember, the threshold for Platinum LEED is high. You've got to achieve
80 points out of a possible 100. Our building achieved 92, an almost
unheard of level of LEED certification. Both Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center and the Rinconada Library projects have been winning
awards as well. The Mitchell Park Library and Community Center project
received a 2015 Site Design Award from the Santa Clara Valley Urban Runoff
Pollution Prevention Program for outstanding public project. The Site Award
recognizes excellence in treating and reducing storm water runoff from land
development projects before water is discharged to local creeks and the Bay.
The Mitchell Park project reduces runoff, improves storm water quality
through the innovative use of green roofs, pervious concrete paving and
bioswales in addition to its many other sustainable features. On Sunday,
May 10th, the Rinconada Library project received an Institutional Restoration
and Remodel Award from Palo Alto-Stanford Heritage, a nonprofit
organization that advocates the preservation of the historic architecture,
neighborhoods and character of the greater Palo Alto-Stanford area through
informed citizen involvement and education. The award recognizes that the
project was "inspired by the geometry and materials of the historic building
and landscape" with an expansion that provides a vibrant, yet seamless
experience for visitors. I have the award here that I'll present to the Mayor
in just a minute, which reads "Presented to the City of Palo Alto for
preserving the historical character of the original 1958 Edward Durell Stone
Building while adding new space to expand and enhance the facility's
functionality as a modern library. Inspired by the geometry and materials of
the historic building and landscape, the design of the expansion provides a
vibrant yet seamless experience for visitors." Lastly, before the Mayor
comes down and I present this, we did want to let you know that Rinconada
Library has been selected to receive a Project of the Year Award this week
from the American Public Works Association Silicon Valley Chapter for the
historical restoration, preservation category for projects between $5 and $25
million. Great recognition all the way around.

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to say I loved the book. I thought it
was great. Was this developed by our IT group?

Mr. Keene: Yes, exactly.




                                                                        Page 6 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
