                          TRANSCRIPT
Susan Rosenberg: Good evening. I just wanted to start off by saying that
it's really appropriate that the Urban Forest Master Plan comes before you
tonight, the day after Mother's Day, because there's nothing more
important. It's like apple pie and motherhood. It's coincidental, but a good
coincidence. I'm Susan Rosenberg. I am a cofounder of Canopy. I was co-
chair of the trees for El Camino project, and I'm currently on the Board of
Canopy. I'm here with Catherine Martineau, who is Canopy's Executive
Director tonight. We're here to encourage you to adopt the Urban Forest
Master Plan. As Walter said, it's been in the works for a very long time. I'd
like to thank Jim Keene for giving guidance. I'd also like to thank Gloria
Humble, who's here tonight, who's retired from the City. She put many,
many hours into this. She also is responsible for the terrific slides that we
got to see tonight. Thank you, Gloria. I'd also like to thank Walter
Passmore. We're very fortunate to have him as our Urban Forester. Not
only is he the first Urban Forester in Palo Alto, hired for the City of Palo Alto,
but he's also a native of California. He brings many assets to the job. I'd
also like to thank the Councils for the last 20 years. I'm not going to name
them all by name, every single member. Palo Alto's City Council has for
years voted yes when it comes to trees. Whatever the community asked for
in trees, pretty much the Councils gave them, including the adoption of
Canopy and the support of Canopy that they've given us all of these years.
In particular, I'd like to thank Yoriko Kishimoto, Judy Kleinberg, Peter
Drekmeier and Larry Klein who asked in 2006 for a Street Tree Management
Plan. With the help of Canopy, that has grown into this very comprehensive
Urban Forest Master Plan.        Canopy is very eager to work with Staff
implementing the vision in this Plan. Many, many hours and much thought
has gone into it. Palo Alto is a visionary City, has always been a visionary
City. This Plan is another example of this. I also promise you, Catherine
and I promise you that this is not something that will sit on the shelf. You
know Canopy, and you know that we will make sure that we move forward
with this Plan. On that, I will end my two-minute time. Thank you very
much. There's just one thing that I would like to add. Canopy feels that it's
very important that our Urban Forester become a part of and sit on the
Sustainability Action Plan leadership team. Without him there on that team,
we're missing something. I would encourage you to do that. Thank you
very much.

Deidre Crommie: Hi. Thank you very much for having me here tonight. I
am Deirdre Crommie. I live in Palo Alto. I've sat on the Palo Alto Parks and
Recreation Commission for nearly seven years. I've reviewed this document
at least three or four times. Walter Passmore has worked very hard on it. I
must say it's not ready to be adopted. This document needs to be redone.
We need our Urban Forester to sit on the Sustainability Committee like our
last speaker said. We need a budget for this to preserve our trees in Palo
                                                                            Page 74 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
