                          TRANSCRIPT
ton of signs that are bigger than 5 square feet. I guess, I was unclear about
do all of those have sign exceptions or are there grandfathered in signs.
This doesn't talk about any of that. Is that in a separate Code area, where
we talk about grandfathering in or where we have a list of places that have
gotten sign exceptions?

Mr. Lait: You're correct. That would be a different analysis, a different set
of sections that we were not looking at. The problem that we identified, and
maybe problem's ...

Council Member Scharff: I don't think it's a problem. I'm just asking.

Mr. Lait: I was going to say maybe problem is not the right word. The
condition that we were trying to address is do we want to—we've been
seeing a lot of these types of signs. Again, probably not a great example on
the screen. A request for a blade or projecting sign that doesn't have a
canopy above it or a sign that's on—we permit a sign to hang from a canopy
but not be placed on top of the canopy. We didn't really see that as being a
huge distinction between the two.

Council Member Scharff: Why do we choose 5 square feet?

Mr. Lait: Existing Code ...

Council Member Scharff: Is it just random or have we actually done a study
and said we really care about our retail in our Downtown, and signs are
really important to the health of small business and retail. It's probably the
number one thing retailers want. Have we looked at all, like, taken an
intelligent approach and said what should these signs look like and how does
that affect aesthetics and what do companies do—not companies, what do
other cities do, and what does this look like? Is it just we haven't really
gotten into that kind of stuff?

Mr. Lait: I don't want to speak for those that were involved in the drafting
of the Sign Code the many years ago that it was drafted. I can only speak
to the effort that is before us right now. The very discrete change that we're
making is the definitional change that's before you.

Council Member Scharff: I guess, when we start going through this process,
what you're really looking for us is to address the discrete changes at this
point that you're proposing as opposed to going through a bunch of other
stuff that is in the ordinance.

Mr. Lait: That's right. We're specifically focused in on the strikeout and the
underline.
                                                                       Page 44 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
