                          TRANSCRIPT
congestion. Thank you for considering this important opportunity to make
Palo Alto a more bikeable community.

Allen Hastings: Good evening. I'm Allen Hastings, 3940 Grove Avenue.
I've lived there for a little over 50 years. We're two houses away from
Charleston.      My wife and I and Sharon Oliver are the Neighborhood
Emergency Preparedness Coordinators for all of Meadow Park, which is 145
houses. We're very much concerned about the fact that the plan that we've
seen so far does not allow anyone to turn left off of Charleston onto Grove
Avenue. I was assured by Matt in Holly Boyd's department, Public Works,
that this issue has gone away. It turns out that I'm not sure it has. I think
it's still on the agenda. I'm encouraging whoever's involved to please get
away from the idea of a barrier from turning left off of Charleston onto
Grove. The emergency vehicle access is very important for all the people on
Grove and Gailen. It's ridiculous to think about driving all the way down to
Louis, making a left to Gailen, making another left to come up Gailen, and
then left again on Grove to get to the houses that we represent. Please
make that change. Thank you.

Elaine Uang: Good evening. Thank you for considering this. I know a lot of
you know that I spend a lot of time on my bike. To borrow the words of
somebody earlier, I'm a functional cyclist including dragging my kids in tow.
Biking is my main mode of transportation around town, even up to places
like the Baylands, Charleston Shopping Center, the JCC. I do actually, even
though I live in the north part of the City, use this corridor quite a bit. I'm
very excited to see you guys discussing this tonight and urge you to support
this project. While the trial has been good, it could be a heck of a lot less
scary and a lot safer. You heard a lot of the really great comments related
to safer and just the amazingness of this project, how it connects 11 schools
and three parks, shopping centers and a whole series of things. I want to
just mention a couple of other points. I think this project is pretty critical to
the City's sustainability goals. When 70 percent of our greenhouse gas
emissions come from transportation-related uses, every biker, pedestrian we
can encourage to use our streets to work, to shop, to play, that's a chunk of
emissions we can reduce. We've done a great job as you've heard earlier
with Safe Routes to School, but why not extend this to Safe Routes to Work,
Safe Routes to the Library, safe routes to all sorts of things? I think it's also
important to further the Healthy Communities initiative that I know a lot of
you have been working really hard on. Active transportation is really crucial
to the well-being of people, especially our aging senior population. I've been
told that If Ellen Fletcher were here today, she would enthusiastically
support this proposal. I urge you to as well.


                                                                         Page 90 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
