                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I see no other lights, so vote on the board please.              That
passes unanimously, Council Member Burt absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mayor Holman: Attachment E which is Tier 1, and these are amendments.
We can take these in their totality. Do Council Members have questions or
comments? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Scharff: Are we doing all of these?

Mayor Holman: We're on Attachment—some of them in particular, Staff
would like responses to.

Council Member Scharff: These are the Tier 2 items, right?

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Mayor Holman:     These are the Tier 2 items that Staff would like us to
address.

Council Member DuBois:        I suggest that we continue through the
presentation, go through that order, just to give some structure. (crosstalk)

Mayor Holman:     That's right.   We did not have the Staff presentation on
these.

Council Member DuBois: I can just talk to it. The first one was this appeal
process. This was something, I think, Council discussed at the Retreat and
referred to the Council as a Whole that went to Policy and Services.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, where are you?

Council Member DuBois: I'm on Slide 30.

Ms. Silver: If I could clarify. There are two different buckets of Tier 2 items.
One is the Attachment E that we are characterizing currently as Tier 2.
These were recommendations that we had originally proposed as Tier 1, but
the Planning Commission had reclassified as Tier 2. Then there's a second
bucket of Tier 2 items which we have not given you a presentation on. That
longer matrix is attached as Attachment C to your Staff Report. I assume
you only want to take up tonight Attachment E.

Mayor Holman: That's correct.



                                                                        Page 105 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
