                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss presumed the Motion would include the Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) system as well. TDM was one of the more
exciting ventures proposed for the City. She requested the correct name for
the initiative.

James Keene, City Manager, responded Transportation              Management
Association (TMA) was the concept nested within TDM.

Council Member DuBois wanted to be clear about the concepts of land use
and transportation. Several Council Members cited the need to address land
use and transportation issues before completing the Comprehensive Plan.
Other Council Members proposed immediate initiatives versus longer-term
Comprehensive Plan initiatives. Land use and multimodal transportation
seemed to encompass both.

Mayor Holman clarified that land use would include all projects under land
use, such as the Comprehensive Plan and zoning.

Council Member DuBois suggested the Council clarify whether it was
focusing on items to be implemented before completion of the
Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Scharff supported the Motion. Land Use encompassed both
areas Council Member DuBois discussed. The Priority should be stated
broadly. It did not preclude near-term land-use objectives.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the low approval scores for the areas of land use,
parking, and traffic on the National Citizens Survey. These were areas of
key concern and had been a concern for two consecutive years. A key
element of the proposed Priority was development limits, which the Council
had on its Agenda. Development limits tied into the Comprehensive Plan,
parking, multimodal transportation, and economics of who paid and who
benefited.

Council Member Wolbach suggested in his December 2014 submission
separating transportation and land use into separate Priorities. Both were
important, encompassed many topics, and required a great deal of Staff
time. He was agreeable to having both as one Priority. These issues had a
nexus and deserved particular, unusual and significant attention.      He
inquired whether Staff felt the Priority was too broad.

Mr. Keene advised that one of the purposes of setting a Priority was to signal
to the community the Council's important focus. It was appropriate to
include two categories in one Priority. Once Staff identified work plan tasks
under the Priority, then a prioritizing of tasks would occur.
                                                                         Page 7 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/31/2015
