                          TRANSCRIPT
Office see if we can get something done effectively. Secondly, I saw an
interesting article recently about small units in Hong Kong, where they're
building apartments that are 200-400 square feet. People are living in
them. I don't know if a 400-square-foot apartment in Palo Alto would be
terribly popular. I think of some categories of people that might think it was
fine and, if the rent was low enough, they'd live there. I think it's worth at
least considering. I think we ought to take a look at that and see are there
any ideas.      For example, in commercial zones, could we put small
apartments on the upper floors and would people be living there? Let's take
a look at it and give it a try. Finally, we talk about rents and high rents in
Palo Alto. You may not be aware of it but, some 30 years ago, we tried rent
control in Palo Alto, and we found it was a real mess and didn't pursue it. If
you want to consider it further, I can give you the background and what
happened before and what the problems were. Maybe we can get around it
now. I see some real problems with controlling the spiraling rents in Palo
Alto. It is a problem, and it's been driving a lot of people out of town which
causes traffic and parking problems. We have a lot of issues, especially with
zoning, land use and transportation. One final thing, transportation. VTA
does not have a bus that goes to the Caltrain Station on California Avenue.
We should try to get them to put a bus line at the California Avenue transit
station. Fight with them.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you a lot.    A.C. Johnston to be followed by Jerilyn
Moran.

A.C. Johnston: Mayor Holman and City Council, my name is A.C. Johnston.
I live in University South and I work in the Research Park. I'm here to urge
that you adopt the land use and community design element that will
encourage the addition of a broader range of housing options in Palo Alto.
It's important both for the continued health of the community, for the
diversity of the community that there be a broader range of options
available, so that young people can live in Palo Alto, preferably close to jobs,
so that City employees who serve our community can live in our community,
and so that seniors who live in Palo Alto and want to downsize can do so
without having to move out of our community. A broader range of housing
options will create greater economic diversity and a more welcoming
community and will also help, to the extent we can locate more housing near
jobs, near shopping, near public transit, to mitigate the traffic impacts. It
can be done as people have mentioned by having smaller units, allowing
more granny units on smaller-sized lots. I think that the lack of housing
options is causing us to lose talent in Palo Alto. Just last week we had a
young lawyer in our office who gave notice and said he'd love to say, he'd
love to work in Palo Alto, he simply can't afford to live here and he's moving
to Portland. Losing talent like that, I think, will hurt our community in the
                                                                         Page 38 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
