                          TRASNCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. We can try and draft an introductory section that
includes a priority—that's great—a priority framework. It's the high-level
quantitative framework that I don't really understand yet, but we can work
on that.

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to this real quick. The City of
Calgary has a really interesting website that they use for their Comp Plan
process. They have a capacity model. I've been looking at that, and then
again Council Member Filseth kind of created another one that I think is a
good kind of template. Calgary, I think, is much more urban. I'm not
saying I agree with their results, but I really like the process. It looked
really interesting. In terms of the hierarchy and the framework, I think it is
a separate issue; it's not part of the motion. We probably do want to revisit
the themes at some point. I don't know that we finished that discussion.
That's just a side point.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think this gives us a way of moving forward. I think
the Planning Director has indicated that there are things that can be
provided. This would be a good starting point.

Council Member Burt: I am interested in exploring the two elements of this
as I read it, which are a priority framework and a high-level quantitative
framework that would be used to—I would say not "discuss impacts," but it
would be to "guide impacts," both of them. I don't see this as being
appropriate in the introduction. I just don't follow that at all. It's about how
we would implement what we have in the Comp Plan. I would offer two
amendments.       One would be instead of "in the Comprehensive Plan
introduction," it would read "in the Comprehensive Plan implementation
section."

Council Member DuBois: Just for clarification, maybe I'm getting caught up
in the terminology. The idea is that these would be overriding things that
would apply across elements.

Council Member Burt: I understand that.

Council Member DuBois: Is there an overall implementation section that's
not part of any element?

Council Member Burt: Yeah. If you look at the current Comp Plan, we have
an implementation section.

Council Member DuBois: Each element also has implementation.

Council Member Burt: We have an overriding implementation section.
                                                                        Page 100 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
