                          TRANSCRIPT
that both the enforcement and the monitoring can be done on a regional
basis rather than each city looking independently. The last point I'd make,
I guess, about monitoring, if you think about who might be vulnerable. I
think of the Avenidas program that has set a goal and a target of trying to
keep people, elderly, in their own homes. They target especially the
vulnerable elderly who might be house rich but cash poor. They provide a
series of services to them including people who can help out on a daily
basis with basic needs. I just wondered if there's some way of working
with Avenidas to monitor over time as the minimum wage goes up, does
the support network remain as strong for them. That might be a sensitive
indicator of a vulnerable population. Other than that, I enthusiastically
support the motion.

Council Member Berman: One question that I have for Staff is—it was
discussed earlier, LA and the Ordinance that they considered and how there
were two different legal opinions as to whether or not it included tip
workers or not. I should have sent this question in advance. Is Staff aware
of any other cities in California at all that have a two-tiered system that
treats tipped employees differently than other employees?

Ms. Silver: No, we're not aware of any city or county that does that in
California. I believe that Seattle has a total compensation model.

Council Member Berman: I agree with the comments of Vice Mayor Schmid
that it very much makes sense for Palo Alto and the cities around Palo Alto
to have a separate minimum wage than the State minimum wage. The
State minimum wage as we all know is rising to $10 an hour on January 1,
2016. The recommendation that Policy and Services Committee made is $1
more than that. If you think about the difference of cost of living between
Fresno and Bakersfield and Palo Alto, it's kind of hard to argue. It's
important for us to kind of be honest with ourselves that this isn't a wage
increase that will allow minimum wage workers to live in Palo Alto. Maybe
it'll allow them to live in the few affordable housing areas within 15 miles of
Palo Alto, but it probably won't even allow them to do that. It's something
that might allow them to move a little bit closer to work and commute not
as far. It's something that will make their quality of life a little bit better.
This isn't anything that's really going to drastically change the way that
people are allowed to live. Income disparity in Silicon Valley has grown so
dramatically over the past. I mean it's been growing for a long time. I
moved here in 1984, and we've slowly seen the community change a lot.
This is something that helps start to bridge that gap that's been created
and been really accentuated over the past couple of years. I think a
regional approach is the right one. I fully support moving to $11 an hour
by January 1, 2016. A lot of other great comments have been made, and
                                                                           Page 30 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
