                         TRANSCRIPT
because I needed a Wi-Fi signal which they refused to give me upstairs, and
used the basement many times until I was thrown out of it by people who
did not want to give me a Wi-Fi signal. I found the basement was largely
unoccupied every time I was down there. It was full of expensive computers
which the public has paid for, and these computers were just sitting there.
Almost never was anyone using a computer. You've got a big basement just
going to waste. I went upstairs; I found plenty of empty rooms. It is not
overflowing. I submit to you that there may be some people here who are
trying to pull your leg. I think you ought to come out there and have lunch
and talk with people and find out what is happening. There are many people
who are too elderly to come here but strongly object to the expansion. For
one thing, they're going to lose the patio that they enjoy apparently. The
construction will make it impossible for them to eat in the usual comfort of
the massive destruction. We have severe problems at Avenidas. There are
scandals. There are people who have been thrown out of the program,
customers who have been thrown out without anyone hearing their side of
the story. Democratic procedures have not been followed. Complaints are
very difficult to lodge. If a person complains, they're going to be told that,
"Avenidas doesn't run La Comida. They're two separate things." They
dodge complaints; they have a lot of problems. I think ...

Mayor Holman: Ms Jolley.

Ms. Jolley: I'm leaving. You need to investigate these before you throw $5
million at it.

Bruce Heister: A little bit of a hard act to follow. I'm not going to give any
rebuttals. I'd like to ask the present and former Members of the Board of
Avenidas to stand. For over ten years, these community volunteers and the
staff of Avenidas have been working on expanding and ideas of how to
expand the capacity of Avenidas to meet the growing population of seniors.
Updating the Bryant Center has been at the top of this list. While other
communities have built brand new senior centers, Mountain View,
Sunnyvale, and I even found one in Redwood City today. Our center doesn't
function well as a community center. The aging systems have become
increasingly expensive to maintain. Repairs are constant. More people are
commenting that the building is depressing, that it's tired looking. Those
are quotes. We have been convinced that this remodel and upgrade is
imperative to assure that Avenidas remains relevant and vital to this
community. The project is extensive, but the Downtown location and
favorable lease make it worth it. Today, an average of 360 people come into
the building each day; that number has been increasing. More than 40
percent of them do not drive their cars there. They walk, arrive with bus
transportation, the Palo Alto shuttle or other means of reaching that center.
                                                                       Page 68 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
