                          TRANSCRIPT
Specifically, that the effort should be better coordinated and that that
coordination point for our county should be the Santa Clara Valley Water
District. We're agreeing with that point. We're only suggesting a tweaking
of their language. Rather than have the Santa Clara Valley Water District
directing the show, we're just saying, "How about coordinating the show,"
so that things that are clearly within the purview of the cities remain within
the purview of the cities. That's our one point. Our second point comes
from our Emergency Response group and notes that the one finding that
the Grand Jury made with respect to our Threat and Hazard Identification
and Risk Assessment, THIRA, our Palo Alto THIRA, they found that we did
not address sea level rise in there. We've had to respectfully disagree with
them and say that we did address sea level rise in that document. Not
perfect, more work needs to be done, but they overlooked the areas where
we did address it. Those are really our two comments. In our presentation
we're going to update you, but I think you already know that we are
working hard on the levee system improvements in our area. We're
working with the Joint Powers Authority, the JPA. In early calendar year
'16, we'll see their feasibility study on raising the levees to protect Palo
Alto. It won't be long until we'll get into the next layer of detail on that
effort. With that, I'd turn it back to Jim or the Council.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Any Council comments on the report?

Council Member Burt: Phil, thanks for the report. I was glad that in the
presentation that you provided you reference some of the specific actions
that we're actually taking in coordination with the San Francisquito Creek
JPA and with the Water District. I wondered whether we shouldn't make
specific references to those in our response to findings. I couldn't find
them there.

Mr. Bobel: We didn't. There's kind of a unique format that Molly explains
to us and we follow on those things. I suppose we could sneak in a brief
statement of our actions where we are working on this issue.

Ms. Stump: We're required by statute to follow a very specific format
where we address each finding, respond to it and then a recommendation
whether we intend to implement or have already implemented and if not
why not. If there is additional background information, we probably would
recommend putting that in a cover letter or an introductory part of the
response.

Council Member Burt: Remind me of the role of the Water District in the
shoreline study. I thought they were lead participants in that. Is that
correct?

                                                                          Page 42 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
