                         TRANSCRIPT
Ordinance once this stuff is ready. The stuff that—"A" through "E" is the
stuff that we're looking at trying to do hopefully in February ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Hillary, were you saying that you could get something
by February on this? It doesn't have to be final answers, but some data that
could (inaudible).

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. We will do our best in the Staff Report we bring
you or in the presentation we bring you in early February to provide some
further thoughts on all of these things, hopefully to the point where you can
make a decision, if not right at that meeting, then in an immediately
subsequent meeting, because we're up against this timeframe.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The April deadline, yeah.

Council Member Burt: Can I ask? You're up against what deadline again?
April 1st.

Ms. Gitelman: All the permits that are out there on the street, in my
windshield and other windshields, expire on March 31st.

Council Member Burt: This is probably more for the City Attorney. How
much—we've got prospectively some additional items that would go under
the Ordinance. One or two or how many weeks do you need from when we
would potentially review those items and give direction on their
incorporation, or not, in the Ordinance for you to come back with the
Ordinance? Say we got a meeting in early February and 2 weeks later we
had the Action Item meeting on the Ordinance, would that work?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Under the Council's current schedule, the
packet is published 11 days. Two weeks later means just a few days, 48
hours really.

Council Member Burt: You really need probably three weeks.

Ms. Stump: At a minimum.

Council Member Burt: If we agendize this in late February, is that too late
to—that's too late?

Ms. Stump:      Staff's indicating both the Resolution and an Ordinance,
because various aspects of this live in different places, Ordinances typically
from the first reading to the final effective days is about 45 days, because
you need two readings 10 days apart, and then there's a 30-day referendum
period.

                                                                       Page 70 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
