                          TRANSCRIPT
this and move over to Safety. I'm open to hearing colleagues' thoughts
about that. There was a PTC new goal of climate change and adaptation. I
thought it wasn't very strong, but it's something. I would like to at least see
that added. I'm generally fine with either the old or the new goal. It
sounded like most of the Council was leaning towards supporting the old
goals and maintaining those. I guess I'd be okay with maintaining the old
goals, but incorporating climate change and adaptation particularly as it
relates to water resources and, as I said, pulling out the Safety stuff. The
old Goal N-10, I think, would probably move to Safety. Old Goal N-6
possibly could move to Safety. I'm not making a Motion just yet, unless
people really want me to. I'll leave my comments there for now.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll make a Motion that we adopt the current
organization and goals with the additions of a goal on climate change and
adaptation, that we move the goal on natural hazards and hazardous
materials to the Safety Element, and that we update the goal relating to
noise to include airplane noise.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt the existing Goals and organization in the Natural
Environment Element with the addition of a Goal of Climate Change and
Adaptation, moving Goals on Natural Hazards (Goal N-2), and Hazardous
Waste (Goal N-6), and Solid Waste (Goal N-7) to the Safety Element and
updating the Goal of Noise (Goal N-8) to include airplane noise.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member DuBois.

Ms. Gitelman: Solid waste is kind of in the same category as hazardous
waste, if I'm ...

Council Member DuBois: Are those generally found in Safety Elements?

Ms. Gitelman: It's about reducing the volume of solid waste, disposing of it
in an environmentally safe and efficient manner.

Council Member DuBois: Natural hazards, hazardous waste and solid waste
to the Safety Element.

Mayor Holman: Hazardous waste would be the Safety, but solid waste
would not be Safety.

Council Member DuBois: That's what I was just asking.
                                                                         Page 50 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
