                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We could say something like the Council would move to
request the City Manager to solicit interest in participants at the Summit to
form a working group to meet on a regular basis for the duration of the
Comprehensive Plan Update with regular check-ins with the City Council.

Mayor Holman: I didn't see this as prescriptive.

Ms. Stump: There are some cases on this. I appreciate the creativity of the
Planning Director. It would be better for the Council not to reflect this
direction in any action tonight. The Planning Director has gotten the
message and will compose a committee through the City Manager. I'm sure
that the City Manager will solicit Council Members for their suggestions and
recruit widely for it.

Mayor Holman: If you have amended language you think the motion should
say, so it doesn't look like we're being prescriptive and the Council is
forming the committee, I'm open to that.

Ms. Stump: I recommend that you don't address the topic by motion
tonight, unless you wish to create a formal Brown Act body.

Council Member DuBois: Could I ask a question?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, since you're seconding the motion, do
you have any comments?

Council Member Wolbach: Just to make sure I'm clear on the advice we're
getting from the City Attorney. It's not the details of the composition or
selection of the committee being prescriptive that leads to it being a Brown
Act committee. It's the very creation of the committee by direction of the
Council that makes it a Brown Act body.

Ms. Stump: That's what the case law says. That's the case whether the
Council directly creates the committee or directs its official to create the
committee.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I understood.          I appreciate you
clarifying that. In that case, having heard that...

Council Member Burt: I deferred to you, but I haven't spoken to the second.
Let's not go into positions on this.

Council Member Wolbach: Fair enough.



                                                                        Page 43 of 60
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                              Trasncript: 04/27/2015
