                              TRANSCRIPT
One of the tag lines on it is that because they're outside of the floodplain,
they can build a basement. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.          Next is Keith Bennett, to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Keith Bennett: Hello. Palo Alto as a City has a history of developing policies
to protect natural resources and to encourage sustainability. I think we all
agree that water is recognized as a valuable resource.           A study was
performed by Carollo Engineers for the City of Palo Alto in 2003. It was a
feasibility study for the use of groundwater for City water supplies. This
study includes a quantitative analysis and measurements of the effects of
groundwater pumping in Palo Alto. First of all, pumping 1,000 acre feet in a
year is expected to lower the surface aquifer water table—that's the shallow
water aquifer table—by 15 feet across the Palo Alto basin. The Palo Alto
basin is an area that they define to be of about 15 square miles. In other
words, across the entire City. The pumping of the deeper aquifer, which is
how they did the measurements for this report in 1988, lowered the level of
the surface aquifer, the shallow surface aquifer. It is clear that the shallow
surface aquifer is closely connected to the deeper aquifer and the water in
the shallow surface aquifer would be available to put into Palo Alto's wells for
potable drinking water. Pumping from the deep wells lowers the surface
aquifer water table far from the pumping site as shown by the lowering of
the water levels measured at the Fernando, Middlefield and Matadero wells
even though water was not pumped from those wells.                 The report
recommends that Palo Alto limit pumping of groundwater for City supplies to
500 acre feet per year. To put this in perspective, using the City estimates
for the amount of water pumped for basements in 2015 is about 400 acre
feet. It is 80 percent of the maximum allowable amount for City water
supplies. The groundwater supply also notes that the groundwater level is
located proportionally to the amount of water pumped. Therefore, the water
pumped this year would be expected to lower the groundwater table by 6
feet across the entire City. I'll end here.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for your comments. If you can present them to
the Clerk for distribution—you just have one copy?

Mr. Bennett: I'll email it.

Mayor Holman: Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Mark Weiss.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I
was reading in the New York Times about the efforts that Germany's making
to accommodate refugees. They've come to the point where they're taking
every empty building, gymnasiums and office buildings. I thought, "We
                                                                             Page 8 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
