                         TRANSCRIPT
just being a true definition of what a mature population is. When you look
at your Safety Plan and you look out at '97, you were mature back in '97.
Even more so in 2013, more than 70 percent of your liability is for people
who are receiving benefit payments. Less than 30 percent, about 25
percent, for active employees. Again, a large portion of your liability for
people who are not rendering service to taxpayers. Slides 13 and 14, I'm
going to go through it very, very quickly. Just so you know, we took a look
at—all of this information is public information. We got a list of comparative
cities that the City looks to. You all are the green bar. This happens to be
the ratio of the unfunded liability to wages. If you just looked at your
unfunded liability and did a comparison from agency A to Agency B, if you're
comparing City of San Jose to City of Palo Alto, the dollar amount of the
unfunded liability kind of dwarves everything. Then you compare that, for
example, to Menlo Park, and the Menlo Park bar would hardly show. If you
show these, however, as a percentage of pay or you could also do it as a
percentage of budget. Both of those would work well. I'm kind of a fan of
percentage of pay; that's kind of what we're showing here. What you really
see is that your unfunded liability very, very similar to most others, slightly
higher than the average, if you will. If we look at the same graph for
Safety, very, very similar result. You're probably slightly higher than the
average. The reason you are higher in both instances is that you all as a
City have been in CalPERS longer than many other cities.              It's that
relationship between the number of retirees you have compared to actives
which really drives your number up higher than it does for other folks. Slide
15 shows the history of your Miscellaneous contribution rates. There's really
two lines on this graph. The dark green line is your total rate. This is as a
percentage of pay. The light green is what's referred to as the normal cost
rate. The normal cost is if the actuarial liability represents the value of
benefits due to services that have already been rendered, your normal cost
is the value of benefits being earned expressed as a percentage of pay in the
current year. I think of the normal cost as a value of benefits for services
being rendered to taxpayers this year. From an actuarial perspective, I want
you to get to the point where your contribution is that number. That will get
you into a taxpayer generally equitable contribution. The reason you're not
there is because you have an unfunded liability, so you're paying that
unfunded liability down. By the way, the reason you were below that in
these earlier periods is because you had an excess of assets over the
liability. In both cases, you add something to the normal cost to pay down
your unfunded liability or you reduce the normal cost if you have an excess
asset. Now, in the interest of full disclosure, there was a change in the law.
If you ever get to the point where you have an excess asset, CalPERS will
not allow you to contribute less than the normal cost. Safety, Slide 16, what
you really see is over the past several years, both Safety and Miscellaneous,
your contribution rates have escalated dramatically. The reason for that
                                                                          Page 6 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
