                          TRANSCRIPT
not going to be as a goal tonight. It's going to be a request for data. I don't
know whether that—would that fall under the same issue?

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to the Motion, “to retain the balance of traditional uses in the
Stanford Research Park.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Ms. Stump: We did some work—it must be almost a year and a half or two
years ago now—around the Downtown specific cap; that's Program L-8. We
had all Council Members participate because we treated it as simply existing
condition description and data gathering, and felt that that did not create the
same kinds of issues as policy questions might. If it's in the nature of that,
we might be able to move forward. Let's just kind of work our way forward
here (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: Mayor, on the data question, where is the right place
for me to raise that? It's not going to be a motion; it's going to be direction
for Staff to provide the CAC with data for them to be able to consider certain
things.

Mayor Holman: I don't know why it couldn't be a part of this motion. It's all
direction to Staff.

Council Member Burt: I'll add that, which is to request Staff to provide the
CAC with comparative impacts of restaurants versus other retail on trip
generation and parking.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: I guess I'm not understanding why you're including
that as part of this motion.

Council Member Burt: Because I just got told to do so.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to vote on that one separately, I guess. I
won't accept it.

Mayor Holman: If you wanted to offer it as a separate amendment, I would
...

Council Member Burt: Yeah, I will.

Mayor Holman: I will second that.

                                                                        Page 71 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
