                          TRANSCRIPT
stores? I've never heard of it. They all go to Town and Country or they go
to Stanford Shopping Center. Most of them go to Stanford Shopping Center
frankly. They don't even go Downtown.

Mr. Lait: Your question, do we know if a place like Gap would be interested
in Cal. Ave?

Council Member Scharff: If we're thinking about outlawing formula retail
that is not an eating or drinking establishment, we're talking about what
kind of stores? We'd be talking about FedEx, I suppose, which is already
there. If UPS wanted to open up, we'd be talking about UPS. What kind of
stores do we see that—what harm are we trying to prevent that we could
see going on California Avenue that we've had any indication could occur?

Mr. Lait: With respect to harm, the idea is for sometime Cal. Ave. has been
an area where there's been more independent, mom and pop shops. The
thought that we're beginning to see more chain stores or formula retail in
the area. I don't know that there's harm right now, but it's the start of the
conversation to have that dialog. With respect to what would be formula
retail or not, the net could be as broad or as narrow as the Council wants to
make it. In other communities it could include hotels. It certainly could
include restaurants or retailers. That's up to the Council to have that
conversation. We're not proposing to prohibit formula retail. What we're
talking about is create a dialog or an opportunity through the CUP to have
that conversation. If there is a use, even if it is a formula retail use, that
generates community support and would be good for Cal. Ave., a use like
that could go forward if the findings were met.

Council Member Scharff: Just one last quick comment. I can't think of a
single formula retailer that's come to Cal. Ave. that's not eating or drinking.
FedEx has been there forever. The Kelly-Moore Paint Store has been there
forever. I'm actually struggling with this notion that that kind of change is
coming to California Avenue and that things are changing. I see no evidence
of it. The only thing possible is the Barre. That's it; that's all I can think of.
If you have any others, let me know.

Mr. Lait: The list on packet page 811 is the list of formula retailers which
includes restaurants and retail uses that we've identified on Cal. Ave.

Mayor Holman: That goes to my question. I'm a little confused by Council
Member Scharff's question about Kelly-Moore Paint and it being formula.

Council Member Scharff: Benjamin-Moore.


                                                                           Page 42 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
