                           TRANSCRIPT
even closer, you'll see when you start pulling those little, almost like leaves
of duck week apart, you will see little teensy, teensy pieces of plastic foam.
There's no way that we can get all those out of our creeks. This is a local
issue. We have done more than just trying to get it out of the environment
once it's there. Council already approved the ordinance several years ago
that restricts restaurants from using plastic foam. We've done things
internally in our contract terms and conditions, so we can try to reduce the
amount of plastic foam we get in our own City purchases. We have a policy.
We are trying to prevent it from entering our environment, and we need to
do more. A lot of people say, "Why can't we just recycle it?" The answer is
we've tried and it doesn't work. When we were doing a Staff office clean-out
over the summer, I found this article from 1990. This was the first time we
said, "We won't ban it now; we'll try to recycle it again." Since then, it still
hasn't worked. It does not solve the litter problem because these little
pieces, as you've probably seen when you unbox a package you get at
home, just fly away very easily. There are very poor markets for the
material, and the loads are easily rejected. Even if we take it there, if
there's just a little bit of mist on it or rainwater, they'll reject it. If the place
we're taking it to doesn't have enough feedstock in total, they'll reject our
load even if it's immaculate and clean. Also at the end of the day, the kind
of products that polystyrene is made into or that plastic foam resins are
made into are not infinitely recyclable like a glass or like a can. You get it
made into a frame, and you cannot recycle a frame after that. Some people
have said, "Isn't there something that will eat it?" The good news is a
study—I put this in here because you may have seen it in our local papers.
There was a study done at Stanford, and it looks like mealworms actually
will eat this stuff. This is very preliminary, and we cannot scale this yet.
There might be some options in the future, but we still know the best way to
prevent pollution is to keep it from getting there in the first place. That's
why we are proposing to you to expand our ordinance to prohibit the retail
sale of the foam ice chests, plates, cups and other foam foodware, also
packaging materials like these peanuts and also the foam bricks that you
might see, also egg cartons. Another thing that we would like to do is for
businesses, retailers that are services, like maybe nail salons or some place
you go to change your oil, who might offer a complimentary cup of tea or
coffee, to also prohibit the use of foam containers in those kind of situations,
where they're not clearly selling it or they're not clearly a food-service
establishment. The good news is that there's lots of great alternatives now
to packaging, including lots of paper products, plastic film products, even a
really interesting mushroom-based product. That's the one you see encased
around the wine bottle. I brought samples of this if you want to see it
afterward. The cost for the alternative products to foam foodware have
come down about 30 percent. I did a search right before I came here
tonight, and I found a 1,000-pack of plastic foam cups and a 1,000-pack of
                                                                                Page 54 of 71
                                                                 City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                          Transcript 11/9/15
