                          TRASNCRIPT
important issue for the Council. I became aware in the last couple of weeks
that the High Speed Rail Authority, their Staff had taken to their Board a
proposal, which the Board adopted, to have a Request for Proposal for
Environmental Impact Report to be done for the Modesto to San Francisco
section. When I saw the agenda from the local policymaker group, it didn't
include it. I asked that it be agendized; it was. They brought forward Guy
Preston, who is the regional director for the High Speed Rail Authority for
this section. The group ended up having an extensive hour-long discussion
with him with virtually all the representatives expressing concern over both
the substance and the process by which this has been done. There was no
notification before this went to the High Speed Rail Authority that it was
being moved up. Basically it's reopened the issues. It really doesn't mean
that the Authority has funding to go ahead, but it will make this an open
issue on the Peninsula again. Tomorrow the Authority has a meeting in San
Francisco to introduce this. I'll be attending that. Is it tomorrow? Excuse
me.

Council Member Wolbach: Today, Wednesday. It's Wednesday.

Council Member Burt: I'll keep you up to date on it. The Authority claimed
that they were moving forward because the other sections, the LA section,
had already had initiation of preliminary environmental study; however,
there's a lot of speculation that there may be other reasons behind it,
whether it's the challenges that they're having on the Tehachapi route in not
having an acceptable route or that they have a funding logjam in the Central
Valley and that they're having to move in this direction to still have enough
to progress on. They're not being very transparent, and that was frankly
one of the big pushes we made to the Authority, is to open up. We pushed
Caltrain as well, because clearly Caltrain had some foreknowledge of this,
and the local cities. Nothing was noticed to Caltrain's Board about this
change. I think the message was a pretty unified one by cities represented
at the meeting, that we want clear, open transparency. The good news,
though, is that I raised the issue in this entire process consideration that the
High Speed Rail Authority before the blended system had been adopted,
they had adopted context-sensitive solutions as the process for considering
any design on the Peninsula. Guy Preston proceeded to say that he was
familiar with the process, thought very highly of it, thought it was a
solutions-oriented process, and that they would use elements of it in going
forward. I pushed harder and got him to agree to take back to the Authority
that we would like to see it specifically adopted as the process for this
section if an EIR goes forward. It would be in parallel to an EIR. Basically,
it's something that is an identification of problems and solutions. It's a real
extensive process, and we can talk more about this later.

                                                                        Page 126 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
