                          TRANSCRIPT
FAA website, that's what they're after is trying to get more airplanes in a
smaller corridor. I happened to fly in several times. United actually
provides an app. You can watch altitude. Altitude going into Palo Alto
airspace, way over there, 4,000 feet. Those low planes, speeding up,
putting down flaps to slow down, maneuvering, are causing all of the noise.
The FAA would claim under their—it's hard to believe this. Their program is
called CLEEN, Continuous Low Energy, Emissions and Noise, as part of this
next gen program. It's supposed to actually encourage gliding into the
airport to have less noise. That's obviously not happening. The airlines
have no interest in that, and pilots aren't doing it. That's the first thing. It's
inside, outside. Everywhere it's bad. It was very discouraging to hear that
you had the closed meeting. I see other cities being very vocal about their
objections to it. We kind of had a closed meeting, no reporters, no public
and nothing really apparently to be done. Contacted Eshoo's office and they
said they don't really have anything to report. The other thing I'd like to say
is that I filed noise complaints. You get a letter back, and basically it says,
the San Francisco airports tells you FAA has control, they can't really do
anything, contact your Congressional representatives who are actually telling
us to file noise complaints. It's become very circular. I think all of the cities
around the country—we kind of have to look at what they're doing. A
number of them are suing the FAA, taking very vocal actions. I'd encourage
you to do the same thing. It's a quality of life issue. Ultimately, if the noise
continues, it's probably a housing value issue here as well. Thank you very
much.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to be voting no on two items on the
Consent Calendar. Thank you to the City Clerk for Item 2, but I'm going to
vote no. I'd like to see what Staff comes back with, hopefully adjusting both
the winter and the summer election periods so that we avoid both the
election season and the budget season. I'm also going to vote no on Item
Number 6, the vegetation clearing. I don't feel that we've really vetted this.
I support the means prevention, but I'm not convinced this is the best
approach.     I think the 30-feet clearing, we're really paying for the
preparation for electrification. Secondly, we're really blowing through the
Project Safety Net money pretty quickly.

Mayor Holman: I think the process for this is to take the votes. When you
vote no, then you get to explain why you voted no.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to vote yes on the others, but I would
like to vote no on those two items.

Council Member DuBois registered no votes on Agenda Item Numbers 2 and
6.

                                                                            Page 15 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/24/15
