                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: No. Excuse me. There would be no two Council
agendized items. It would be one, other than Council Members asking for an
item. It would be agendized if they saw a problem. I think this is the better
way to do it.

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, vote on the amendment please.

Council Member Scharff: We're voting on the substitute amendment?

Mayor Holman: You're voting on the amendment, the last amendment.
That amendment passes on a 6-2 with Mayor Holman and Council Member
Kniss voting no. That's incorporated.

AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDMENT PASSED:                     6-2 Holman, Kniss no,
DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: Where are we now? We need to vote on the main Motion
then, which is to adopt the boundaries identified in the Staff Report and
direct Staff to return within six months with a report on Stanford's progress
on reducing single occupancy vehicle trips generated by Stanford Research
Park and (b) also within six months a report with potential action on
including Stanford Research Park and (c) within one year an informational
report on office/R&D development applications outside the boundaries. With
that, vote on the board. That passes on an 8-0 vote with Council Member
DuBois not participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor, would you care to get Council Member DuBois.
Sorry for the fumbling around with that one.

Council Member DuBois returned at 10:47 P.M.

Mayor Holman: We can continue now with the Staff presentation.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'll try and
get through the end of this. There was a little bit more bumbling around. I
notice that the PowerPoint version we have on the screen doesn't precisely
match the one you have in hard copy. The one you have in hard copy was
later and was structured a little better to facilitate this separation of issues,
but they're very similar. I will note any corrections I need to orally. As I
mentioned earlier, there are really four issues to talk about. We've talked
about the boundaries of the affected area excluding the coordinated area
plan. We're going to talk about that in the context of the land uses and
exemptions in the Ordinance. Then we're going to talk about the process

                                                                         Page 97 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
