                         TRANSCRIPT
discuss meeting minutes. They voted 3 to 1 with Vice Mayor Schmid voting
no to recommend that the City Council immediately move to action minutes
and the DVD as the formal record of meetings. They further recommended
that the full Council discuss whether to have only action minutes or to have
sense or verbatim minutes completed also. The Municipal Code currently
states that we are to take sense minutes of all meetings of Standing
Committee and Council. Whatever your final decision is tonight, I will bring
back to Council on Consent Calendar an updated Ordinance for adoption. As
stated in the report, there were 72 agencies that responded to a listserv
question about the types of minutes that agencies take. Thirty-five of those
use action minutes and the DVD as the formal record. Last week I had a
meeting with the Menlo Park City Clerk and the Saratoga City Clerk who also
advised us that they only use action minutes and the DVD. They were not
part of the listserv survey that was done. Those are two additional agencies
local. The questions tonight are: Are we going to do away with sense
minutes altogether? Do we move to verbatim minutes for all minutes as a
backup to the action and video? Do we have the verbatim minutes as part
of the official record? If so, would we continue to bring those minutes to
Council for approval, even though they're verbatim and we wouldn't be
doing any checking on them? Another option would be to do verbatim
minutes when requested on certain items. Say a planning item, you may
want verbatim minutes from Finance or Policy and Services. There might be
other issues. If verbatim minutes are the choice, this would save my office
hours of reviewing the sense minutes. This past weekend, I sprained my
ankle and spent four hours reading the minutes to ensure they were correct.
That was sense minutes. In the event you do choose action minutes and the
video, we could potentially save up to $25,000 annually in our transcription
contract. If we choose verbatim for certain items, I would choose to keep
about $5,000 or so on a contract for an outside transcriptionist to do those
minutes. That's the end of my presentation. I'm waiting to hear from you.

Mayor Holman: I was trying to discern, I couldn't quite tell, who the Chair of
Policy and Services was last year. I don't remember, and I couldn't quite
tell.

Council Member Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: I'm thinking it was.

Council Member Scharff: I made the motion, so I'd be happy to give the
presentation of what we were thinking.

Mayor Holman: Feel free.


                                                                        Page 54 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
