                          TRANSCRIPT
Molly Stump, City Attorney: Madam Mayor, Item Number 22 is somewhat
time sensitive. Item Number 23, quite a bit less so.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman is interested in transposing 23 and
24. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First a quick question for Staff. Do we have Staff
who is here specifically to speak to Item 23?

Ms. Stump: The Planning Staff consulted with the City Manager and I, and
we will handle that item ourselves. We do not have Planning Staff here on
23, no.

Council Member Wolbach: In that case, I have no problem with transposing
one way or another. My preference would be to try and get through the
entire agenda this evening.

Council Member Berman: I guess I'd move ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, you had question—I'm sorry.
Council Member Kniss, Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think the one that, unless we see some real
urgency to it, that I'd like to see put off for tonight, because I know a lot of
people want to speak to Number 24. Even though it's just a referral for
tonight, a number of people have said they'd like to come and speak about
it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I actually did have a number of questions about
Item Number 23. I'd probably take ten minutes on my own just asking Staff
a bunch of questions on it. I wanted to make that clear. I was a little
concerned that Planning Staff isn't here to be able to answer them, but
maybe that's not an issue. I did want to say that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman, back to you.

Council Member Berman: I would just move that we transpose Items 23
and 24 and do our best to get through everything but reevaluate based on
how things go.

Council Member Scharff: I would second that.

Mayor Holman: We have a motion on the floor then to transpose Items 24
and 23.
                                                                        Page 75 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/19/15
