                         TRANSCRIPT
Council returned from Closed Session at 6:05 P.M.

Mayor Holman: We'll call the meeting to order in the chambers. We just
concluded our Closed Session about labor negotiations, and there is no
reportable action.

Study Session

2.   Potential List of Topics for the Study Session With Senator Jerry Hill.

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the agenda is Item Number 2 which is a
Study Session with Senator Jerry Hill. Welcome, Senator.

Jerry Hill, California State Senator: Thank you very much, Madam Mayor.

Mayor Holman: Do you have some opening comments you'd like to make?

Senator Hill: I don't have anything prepared, but I'm always happy to say a
couple of words. One, it's wonderful to be here.

Council Member Kniss: Have you ever been stuck or ...

Senator Hill: No, I've never been stuck, lately anyway especially. It is great
to be here, and the opportunity, I think, is so important with the wonderful
Council that we have in Palo Alto. To me, the important thing are the very
thoughtful questions that have been provided by the Council that I've looked
at, thought about and will be happy to respond to as we move through the
evening.     For me, it's important to understand the issues and more
importantly the direction you would like to see us go and me, especially and
particularly, in Sacramento as we begin the next year of our second
legislative session. Madam Mayor, thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. As you noted, we do have a list of questions
that have been submitted ahead of time to give you kind of a heads up of
the things we would like to discuss. Would you care to tackle any of those in
the order that you might?

Senator Hill: Whatever you would prefer. We can start from the top and
work down or however you're comfortable with.

Mayor Holman: If you would do that please. I think the transportation
items you'll find are in the top section there. Some questions submitted by
Council Member Burt. High Speed Rail and ...

Senator Hill: Certainly. We may as well start with High Speed Rail. I think
that's a very good place to start. First, I want to just let you know how
                                                                             Page 2 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
