                          TRANSCRIPT
having a better diverse range of uses. Some of the concerns that we're
hearing about the food serving places that we have there, is that they cater
toward an afternoon crowd. I believe that there is something, to your
comment about wanting to have a diversity of uses, but I'm not quite sure
how we would approach that from a formula retail perspective.

Council Member Kniss: Let me give you a specific example. I happen to be
a Pete's Coffee customer. Let's say one wanted to go in on Cambridge
where there's retail. They certainly have more than ten outlets, probably
more than 20 outlets. Do we automatically say no even though it's a good
retail use and probably would attract a lot of customers? I don't need you to
answer all of these. That's one of the things that I think we need to answer.
I'm concerned that if we have a very pat answer to formula retail which says
if there are more than ten of these stores anywhere or more than 20 of
these stores anywhere, we're not going to consider it. It would seem to me
as though it would make far more sense to look at whatever our balance is
on the street. For many of us, FedEx is a pretty handy place to go. I'm not
quite sure what I would do if it wasn't on California Avenue, to be honest.
I'm not particularly married to any of the rest. I like Subway, but there are
many Subways that are around. I think it's good for a variety of reasons.
It's one of the issues that I'd like us to consider as to whether or not it really
makes sense to have it that prescriptive.

Mr. Lait: Mayor, if I can just respond to just two of those comments? In
your illustration about Pete's on Cambridge, this would not apply because
formula retail would not be regulated on Cambridge. It would only be
regulated on California Avenue. With respect of fulfilling a need, that is the
way that the findings have been drafted on Page 6, I believe, of your
ordinance. It's not intended to be an automatic yes or no to any formula
retail use that wants to come in, but an opportunity to hear—a discretionary
process to hear from the community about yes, this is a need that we don't
have and that that this would fulfill it. Alternatively, this is a need that's
adequately represented and we don't need another chain store to provide
that additional service.

Council Member Kniss: Which gives us some latitude.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Good. Thank you. I wanted to make sure we aired
that, because I was rather amazed to see how many FedEx and how many
Starbucks there were in the U.S.

Mr. Lait: I don't know how many there are.

                                                                          Page 43 of 133
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/21/15
