                         TRANSCRIPT
or highly toxic. When you look at those specific definitions, the material
they have onsite do not meet those.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. A question for CPI. You guys have
been there a long time, 1953. I guess when your lease is up, your building
is going to be 100 years old. I know you've maintained it. If there was a
way the safety issues could be addressed, would you stay in Palo Alto at the
end of that lease or are you basically planning to move to a lower cost—I
mean, do expect the rent to go up to a level that you couldn't stay there?

Mr. Fickett: Personally, I'm not going to be there. There's always things to
weigh. I mean, there's a lot of infrastructure built into it. There's a lot of
heritage with the employees built into it. As we talked about, the average
lifetime of the employees there, the tenure, so it's not compelling to move.
If the demographics and economics change, I can't really project out that
far.

Council Member DuBois: Before I run out of time, I think you were asked
the last time you were here. As technology advances, do you guys foresee a
time when you could do the plating in an offsite location, transport it in a
clean fashion, basically do your scheduling and your manufacturing process
so that you could continue but with the plating shop somewhere else?

Mr. Fickett: It's hard to look that far ahead. I do know that right now—you
got the chance to see it. I mean, it does need to be integral right now
because you do go from the building to the plating, to the building, to the
cleaning, to the building, several times in and out. The problem is as soon
as you end up making them non-adjacent, you're all of a sudden adding in
inefficiencies, cost, chance for scraps.     You potentially take away our
competitiveness. It's really just a question of viability.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: A couple of questions. One is that—in one of the
reports around the worst-case scenario, there was a question about whether
the building itself had had seismic upgrades that affected that likelihood. I
didn't see an answer to that. Maybe it was that CPI's consultant said that
the analysis didn't take that into account.      I never saw any data or
information that explained if there had been any seismic improvements.

Mr. Worobel: Thank you, Council Member Burt. The report that you're
referring to went through an exercise, a particular scenario, of looking at a
number of different accidental releases, some of which could be caused by a
                                                                           Page 68 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
