                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: First, did the motion include the 1.7 number?

Mayor Holman: It did not.

Council Member Scharff: It did. I thought it did.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It did not. It did not have (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Huh-uh.

Council Member Scharff: I thought it went to ensure the policy will apply
City moving forward and will include the 1.7. I thought that was what we
were doing.

Council Member Burt: First, we have that ambiguity.

Mayor Holman: Either way.

Council Member Burt: Even setting that aside, I don't know where I'll come
down on this. Whether L-8 should be Citywide or L-8 should be in the areas
that we've been monitoring and we have something different Citywide. I
think this is a discussion we need to have thoughtfully and not at 12:15 at
night. I ...

Council Member Scharff: I'll withdraw my second.

Council Member Burt: I don't disagree and I don't agree at this point in
time. I won't support the Motion.

Council Member Scharff: I'll withdraw my second.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE SECONDER

Mayor Holman: I do have a question. If we don't bring it up now, when
would it be addressed? I look to Staff for that.

Council Member Burt: Good question.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, we have two choices. We're already on the
tentative calendar for your last meeting in December to discuss other
Elements, the Natural Resources Element, the Business and Economics
Element and the Safety Element. We could bump those to the new year and
conclude this discussion then. We could discuss those Elements and have
this discussion, which I think maybe might be a more meaningful time, when
the Draft EIR is before you and you have some data on these planning
scenarios and the implications of different paces of growth.

                                                                   Page 121 of 122
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/2/15
