                         TRANSCRIPT
lines are streets where we have received feedback and petitions from
residents to join the Downtown RPP District. Taking those petitions plus our
desire to look at this globally and in a comprehensive effort, really examine
where the parking spillover might happen, we looked at the walking distance
in relation to the Downtown core. This slide is showing—it's a little difficult
to read. I apologize for that. You'll see the Downtown RPP existing
boundary in green. Then you'll see a gray line and a red line. Those
represent the quarter-mile walking distance from the Downtown core and
the half-mile walking distance from the Downtown core. Half mile is the
agreed upon distance that is reasonable to expect people to walk to transit.
We applied that as the reasonable distance for people to walk for free
parking. In doing so, we saw the streets that have applied with petitions,
and we also saw some larger areas where parking spillover is likely to
happen. Going back to our existing boundary, what we would recommend is
to annex the streets that have submitted the petitions. Those are those
streets marked in yellow. Then approve eligibility areas for inclusion when
and if the residents submit a petition in the future. Bringing it together, the
proposed RPP boundary would look like this figure. In terms of distributing
employee parking throughout the Downtown RPP District, Staff proposed
with stakeholder feedback three options. The first option is concentric zones
that radiate out from the Downtown core. The employee permits would be
specific to a zone. If you went online and purchased a Zone A permit, you
would be restricted to parking just in Zone A. This proposal was received
well by many stakeholders. Some stakeholders suggested that this concept
could be changed into smaller additional concentric areas as an alternative.
Just to make that clear, these zone boundaries are just concept only. The
second option was a large neighborhood zone where the District would be
divided into neighborhoods. Again, the permits would be specific to a zone.
This option was not very popular amongst the stakeholder group. The third
option is a micro zone model where the RPP District is divided into small
zones closest to Downtown and larger zones as you get out. Again, this
figure is concept only. The boundaries would be determined if Council
directs Staff to move ahead with this proposal. This format is easily
adaptable to adding new zones and is reminiscent of other RPP Programs in
other cities. We also did a very simplified analysis of overall parking
demand over time. In keeping with local, regional and State goals of
reducing drive-alone rates over time and City Council's goal of reducing
drive-alone rate by 30 percent, what we're looking at is a total demand for
parking that decreases over time through 2030. At the same time, Staff is
recommending a decrease in RPP employee permits over time with a
recognition that the off-street parking supply, both public and private, over
time will be expected to meet the demand for parking in Downtown Palo
Alto. Again, this is simplified, so there are other factors that need to be
taken into account. This is a demonstration of how RPP employee permits
                                                                       Page 33 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
