                          TRANSCRIPT
where we basically have a region that's more progressive than the state as
whole and we can get this through sooner, maybe that's a way to go. That
was interesting your mentioning—you said Dart, is that the—that it's a jobs
issue. I have a hard time understanding the rationale that the alternative
materials don't use labor. That doesn't make much sense. Anyway, we hear
a lot of specious arguments. I'm looking forward to us going on this next
step on packaging materials. Thanks for this ordinance.

Mayor Holman: I also want to pile on here with the thank you's. Julie, the
amount of information that you had at the tip of your tongue when asked
the questions is mighty impressive. Thank you for that. Clearly you're
engaged in this topic and care deeply about it, or you wouldn't have that
kind of information and be getting in the water yourself to pull out little bits
of plastic. Thank you for that commitment. I have one question about take-
back policies. That's been a topic of discussion for many years. Is there any
other community anywhere close to us that has passed a take-back policy?
If so, how effective might it have been? Or does it just take such a wide
area of support to get that kind of effect?

Ms. Weiss: You mean a residential take-back, right?

Mayor Holman: I mean manufacturer take-back. You referenced it earlier
too. The manufacturer take-back policy.

Ms. Weiss: We have it in drips and drabs. If I'm not on target with what
you're asking, just shift me.

Mayor Holman:     Let me give you an example, the HP computers for
instance. To require HP to be responsible for what they're shipping and take
it back.

Ms. Weiss: We have in our terms and conditions in a number of our
contracts, such as our construction contract, our office supply contract,
where we say if there's any plastic foam in there, you need to take it back.
We also have it in our terms and conditions for other purchases. What we
call the secondary in the shipping packaging, we don't want that. We
haven't said primary packaging all across the board. We tried it once, it
didn't work. We took it out. We haven't done it across the board, because
we can't really control the supply chain that well for products that we get
overseas. However, we've worked closely with our purchasing department,
and we have said that we want to update our plastics reduction policy and
put into our terms and conditions a notification to vendors that by probably
sometime in 2017 or '18, we don't want to have the primary packaging.
Also, a couple of years ago we did send a letter out to all of our vendors
saying this is what we wanted see. We don't want to see plastic foam in our
                                                                            Page 66 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
