                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: We do come to the conclusion that the benefit—I
agree with you. That's capitalism. The developer is not going to do
something that's going to cost him money, unless he's loaded and doing it
out of the goodness of his own heart. The conclusion is that the developer
will benefit from this, which I can understand. My analysis is if that's the
law, then that's the law. That's quite difficult to find against. Does giving
the developer an additional $600,000 or additional $1.2 million warrant five
units of below market rate housing? We've seen in other issues that have
come up before us that below market rate housing in Palo Alto is going to
cost a lot more than that to develop or to save in other instances, at least
from the numbers that I've seen preliminarily. That's one of the factors that
I’m looking at in deciding the merits of this project. The below market rate
units will either cost $120,000 to $250,000 per unit of additional benefit to
the developer. I agree with a lot of the other comments that Council
Member Scharff made. I'm sympathetic to the cut-through traffic issue. I
grew up on a street called West Crescent that's in between University and
Hamilton right off of 101. We had a lot of cut-through traffic during rush
hour. This was back in the time of Wayne's World. We would always have
the game on, game off joke when we were playing in the street when a car
would cut-through. We understood that we lived right off of University. We
should do what we can to make sure that we mitigate the cut-through
traffic. I agree with Council Member Burt that if overflow parking becomes
more of a problem than it already is, then we should move forward
expeditiously to mitigate that also. The applicant has done what's necessary
to meet the criteria. I'm going to support the project.

Council Member DuBois: Now I know why we have the rule about not
picking an item up after 10:30. The key question is are the concessions
necessary. What I've heard from different people is I don't think they are. I
want to dig into that, if I could. To follow up on Council Member Berman's
question. The incremental value of the concessions and then the cost. It
seems like on both sides of that equation you're factoring in the lower rent
for the BMR units essentially. Is that correct?

Mr. Kawahara: It is correct that the comparison between the proposed
project and the CS zoning alternative did include the cost of the BMR units.
That is correct.

Council Member DuBois: That's the part that's confusing me. I've been
staring at it for a long time. In the cost side you're including the lower rent
of the BMR units and then you're subtracting that cost from the value, which
also includes the cost of the BMR units. You're double counting the cost of
the BMR units. If you factor that out, it's a pretty big swing.


                                                                       Page 137 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
