                          TRANSCRIPT

arithmetic based on his numbers, then just between the last two measures,
since the year 2000, Palo Alto has already spent $240 million on bringing
BART to San Jose. The current measure, which from Palo Alto if it's a half
cent, is going to raise $390 million over the next 30 years. Assuming two-
thirds of that goes to BART, then by the end of this we'll be into BART in San
Jose for $0.5 billion from Palo Alto subsidizing BART to San Jose. Part of the
irony is the Peninsula is a 30 or 40-mile long linear column. Mass transit on
the Peninsula, in the mid-Peninsula region, is Caltrain or it's a train.
Somebody suggested maybe it’s a different train than Caltrain someday, but
it's Caltrain. It makes sense for the midregion here to invest in Caltrain
capacity. How much of the county transportation measures since 2000
contributed to that? I don't think any. Yet, the defining risk to the
Peninsula city is that grade-level Caltrain capacity increases are essentially
going to cut our towns in half, especially Palo Alto, which is a potentially
existential scale problem. We have the irony that a chunk of Palo Alto's $0.5
billion investment in BART is going to be used to underground BART trains in
San Jose, but at the same time we're stuck with high speed grade level
trains in Palo Alto. It's just not reasonable. It doesn't really fit the format,
but if I had to pick one project to be top priority actually above grade
separation, it would be return to source. The right answer is we keep our
$390 million.      Actually Council Member Burt here has an interesting
argument why we should we get some of the $0.25 billion back. It's not
that BART in San Jose is a bad idea, but we've already spent $0.25 billion on
it. It's enough. I'm divided, and I think we're all divided. On the one hand,
I think rail separation ought to be our top priority. On the other hand, I'm
deeply skeptical about the whole process. If there's a field for return to
source being the top priority project, I'd put that in.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me start by asking the Mayor the question. We
started out by wanting to do a wish list of all the things we might possibly
want, but a lot of people have been talking about prioritizing. I guess if
we're going to prioritize, it's 11:30 at night. We have scheduled in the next
few weeks a discussion of the Transportation Element of the Comp Plan with
visions and goals and policies and programs. It seems to me if we're going
to do a serious job on prioritizing, we ought to go through that discussion
before we do so. I think people have made the case though that putting a
wish list out might get us onto the table, but it allows whoever is there to
pick our least favorite choice and say, "This is what they want. This will
satisfy them." There's a danger of doing the wish list. The question is what
is the most effective use of our time.


                                                                         Page 89 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
