                          TRANSCRIPT
to video, there will be this list of people who talked and a place on the video
where you could go and find so-and-so speaking. Is that right?

Ms. Minor: Not specifically, no. The video, just as it is right now with the
Media Center, would go to that item but not to the specific speaker.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would be more sympathetic if you had something like
this and maybe Granicus does this, but every time a Council Member, for
example, speaks, you have a location on the video that you can go to
immediately. You're still left with the fact that watching a video takes three
times as long as reading a transcript. You're still spending more time. If
you had that kind of fine tuning, I would be more sympathetic to using that
as an official record.

Ms. Minor: I'm not aware of any, not even Granicus or MinuteTraq does
that. When you want to mark a place in a meeting, you have to have
somebody who goes in on the computer and marks when it starts, marks
when it stops. Every time somebody speaks, you would have to do that.
There is not a program that automatically does that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Then I'm less sympathetic. You say for $20,000 we
can get verbatim minutes. Even if only a few Council Members are using
them, a few members of the public, it seems a worthwhile investment.

Council Member Filseth: The discussion that we've had with Council Member
Scharff and Schmid makes lots and lots of sense to me. I find that on
controversial issues I absolutely go back and read the minutes. If the DVD
is the official record, that sounds great. Not having access to either the
sense or the verbatim minutes, I'm probably indifferent to which one, would
be a big loss for us.

Council Member DuBois: For me, sense minutes have been a valuable tool.
I haven't seen a problem with them. They seem to be a great summary,
much quicker to read than verbatim minutes. The video is always there, but
it takes a long time to watch a video. There's the legal aspect of the official
record, but the minutes are also a tool for new Council Members, new
Committee Members, for the public to know what's happening.                It's
important for transparency that we continue to have a written record that
captures these meetings beyond the action minutes. There's two things:
the legal side and the transparency side. On one hand, could we just say
that the video trumps the sense minutes and just leave things as they are?
From a legal perspective, the video is the record. I'm looking at the
Ordinance. Section C says the minutes are sent to heads of the City, to the
newspapers, posted in the libraries. Whatever we make the legal minutes, I

                                                                         Page 56 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
