                              MINUTES
Council Member Kniss commented that projects had very different cost
amounts. The Fry's site would require a fair amount of expense; yet, it was
a high priority.

Mayor Holman asked if the City had received grant funds for the Fry's site.

Ms. Gitelman replied yes.

Mr. Keene explained that when Staff reviewed the Council's rankings and
patterns, they could talk about costs and the Council could prioritize
projects. Many infrastructure projects did not need much near-term Council
interaction or policy decisions

Vice Mayor Schmid remarked that the matrix contained all projects for 2015.
Staff identified most of them as high or medium priority. The Council had a
special focus of ensuring the decision process was working. He wanted to
figure out how to leverage policy time. Maybe the Council should determine
how to prioritize Agendas. The key part for the Council was Agenda setting.

Council Member Burt suggested separating Staff tasks and Council actions
into two columns. Some projects could be high importance rather than high
urgency. He did not know how to contend with ongoing projects that did not
need Council action. Maybe the Council should determine whether some
projects fell under more than one Priority.

Mr. Keene explained that the matrix served multiple purposes. One was to
collect topics about which the Council could report activities to the
community. Another was to determine where the Council should focus its
time. The Council could use the matrix to determine the depth of focus on
an issue.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether this was the same list presented at
the Retreat

Mr. Keene clarified that Staff added some columns.

Council Member Filseth recalled Council Member comments that some topics
proposed for Council Priorities were important, but they were not contained
in the list. The list did not include any projects for the Healthy City/Healthy
Community Priority. Allocating projects to Priorities was not appropriate.

Mr. Keene indicated Council Members would make judgment decisions in
ranking projects.

Mayor Holman asked if Council Members were agreeable to extending the
meeting time to 7:30 P.M.


02/17/2015                                                             116- 492
