                          TRANSCRIPT
District and changes to the provisions for grandfathered uses in the R
Combining District.      The Planning and Transportation Commission has
reviewed the proposed—I don't need to put that in there. The Ordinance is
exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act pursuant to Section
15061 and Sections 15305. I'm going to move approval of the Ordinance
with the following clarifications and corrections, if I could. David, if you can
follow this. There is a clarification needed or a correction needed on the
Ordinance, Page 3, Section 2 (57.6), such that ten is the defining number of
formula businesses.

Council Member Burt: The defining number in the ...

Mayor Holman: The defining number for determining formula businesses.
That's consistent with both the Staff Report and somewhere else in the
Ordinance. Include PTODs. Include PF. Another bullet would be to
eliminate the language on packet Page 5.

Male: Packet Page 5 (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Ordinance Page 5, Section ...

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) Section 5?

Mayor Holman: No, it's the Ordinance Page 5, packet Page 78, Section 6,
that large paragraph—I'll leave this open to amendment—eliminate the
language on the line that I mentioned earlier; the line that starts
"improvement or any increase in the existing degree of noncompliance."
Eliminate the "through the granting of an Design Enhancement Exception."
I'm open to language that will limit or define a DEE. As for the future, for
Staff to return with information regarding depth of retail requirements ...

Council Member Scharff: Lot depth.

Mayor Holman: Lot depth, well, the lots are what they are.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Scharff: Store (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: Yeah, retail, retail, retail depth.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: I think I will leave it ...

Council Member Scharff: I'll second the motion.
                                                                         Page 63 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
