                         TRANSCRIPT
Joe Teresi, Public Works Senior Engineer: Good evening. I'm Joe Teresi,
Senior Engineer in Public Works. I'm going to go through the slides that you
have at places. I wanted to start out by just giving a brief overview of the
whole El Nino scenario that we're facing this winter season. The National
Weather Service, as you know, has identified the presence of a strong El
Nino in the Pacific Ocean. In order to be considered strong, it means that
the sea surface temperatures are at least 1 1/2 degrees above average. The
folks at the Weather Service are telling us that this appears to be the
strongest El Nino since the one of 1997-98 which we all know had some
severe consequences here in Palo Alto and the surrounding communities. In
the event of a strong El Nino, typically that results in above average for the
Bay Area and most of California. They're telling us that this El Nino
condition is expected to last through the spring. In looking at the overall
winter season, it appears that the highest chance for above average rainfall
is going to take place after the new year. I'll show a little bit more about
that in the next slide. This map is climatic prediction from the Weather
Service that shows their expected outlook, kind of the big picture outlook,
for the period of November, December and January. What the map means
is if you look here—of course, that's the Bay. That's where we are. We're
right on this line of 33. That means 33 percent. They're saying that overall
for that time period of November, December, January there's a 33 percent
chance that we'll have above average rain, a 33 percent chance that we'll
have average rain, and a 33 percent chance that we'll have below average
rain. Take your pick, I guess. Early in the season, the indications are not as
strong. The other thing you might notice is that the impacts for southern
California are predicted to be more severe than in northern California. For
this particular time period, they're showing between 40 and 50 percent
chance of above average rainfall for southern California. Looking a little bit
past, you see that the lines move to the north, and the chances for above
average rainfall increase. Again, we're here at the Bay; we're between the
40 and 50 percent lines. That indicates that for the period of January,
February and March of next year, there's a chance between 40 and 50
percent of above average rainfall and only a—what would that be? If it's 40
to 50 percent above, that means that there's a—help me with the math.
Never mind. I'm sorry. A much higher chance of above average rainfall in
that time period. We want to talk about the fact that we've been over the
past several months working extensively and cooperatively with our partners
that are members of the JPA on preparing for this El Nino season. Of
course, those other agencies are the Cities of East Palo Alto and Menlo Park,
the Santa Clara Valley Water District, and the San Mateo County Flood
Control District. In general, the activities can be summarized by doing
things that will reduce flood risk by removing debris in the creek within
regulatory constraints, providing better and earlier flood warning to
residents and emergency responders, improving communications between
                                                                       Page 23 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
