                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: There are different levels of detail, some broad, some specific,
some identifying, some things are left unsaid. There are legal implications.
The caveat has to be that this is complicated enough that we're not going to
necessarily know until we do the next level of work and go to the
Commission about what the timeframe or the impact is.                This is not
something simple that you're putting up there. The attorney's already
expressed the potential for legal complications on some of these things. The
hard part is that Staff is still going to have to exercise, the irony here is this
is a package of lots of explicit stuff that runs the risk of Staff having to
exercise judgment with the Commission about what can be done in one
sequence and what can be done in a different one in order to come back in
time. We're going to have to exercise judgment that's outside of the
explicitness of what you've put here. We're going to come back, and the
Council could say, "You missed that one. You should have had these other
ones." We're going back to the incremental suggestions that were made.
There's been a desire to try to tie it up a little more specifically. We could
get in a situation where we have to come back in incremental steps. It's a
very real possibly. Honestly, if you could watch yourselves right now, you
would understand how complicated it is. There's a combination of a lot of
ideas trying to be expressed in very specific words that are almost so
specific that, as we start to review them, it could open up a whole other
level of work. If you want to get progress, you're going to have to give us a
little bit of discretion to try to use some judgment with the Commission to
move some parts ahead, perhaps, of others, knowing we're going to come
back. That may mean something's out for now. I'm not being very
articulate about it, but there's ...

Mayor Holman: We're saying the same things. That's why I put the interim
language in there. I don't know, I don't know if any of my colleagues know,
how long or how much work it's going to take to do X, Y or Z things. That's
why there is discretion from my perspective built into there.

Council Member Scharff: If I could add to that. There's a lot of work, and
I'm fine with Staff having a lot of discretion on this. The only time we're
changing stuff primarily, I know there is some other stuff, is when someone
tears and builds a new building. We're about to have this happen on
Cambridge. I have a strong interest, if we're going to turn Cambridge into a
retail, of requiring ground-floor retail for any new developments on
Cambridge, so we don't miss the window. If a new large building is built
there with ground-floor office all the way there, we're going to miss the
window and you're not going to change the street. Then we've done all this
work and nothing changes. I'm looking to Staff to tell me how I tell them to
prioritize getting that done before that new office building is built. That's

                                                                           Page 92 of 123
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/18/2015
