                           TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “in Municipal Code Section
18.18.060(e), replace “minimum extent necessary” with “incremental square
footage necessary.”

Council Member Kniss: I noticed that one too (inaudible) called it out.

Mayor Holman: David, do you follow that one?

Council Member Kniss: It makes it fit with the previous Motion.

Mayor Holman:       It's consistent with the previous Motion that we passed.
Can you find it?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. Thanks for mentioning that.

Mayor Holman: I was looking to David to see if he could find it. I can't tell
you immediately where it was previously.

Mr. Lait: Page 7.

Mayor Holman: Incremental square footage necessary to accommodate,
blah, blah, blah. Thank you, David. You're great. I had one other
amendment to offer. This is where we dip our toes into Attachment E. This
is Section 17, which is the last part of Group 4 here. This is the rooftop
equipment. This goes to Attachment E on packet page 385. At the very
bottom, it talks about exceptions. It says that in the CC, CD CN and CS
districts, except for elevators and elevator equipment, features sited above
shall not exceed the height limit by more than 8 feet. In the CC(2) zone,
such features may not exceed the height limit by more than 5 feet.
Elevators and elevator equipment may exceed 8 and 5 feet above the height
limit upon approval by Director. This is something that architects have been
saying for some time. It's, like, for mechanical equipment 15 feet just isn't
needed. They've been saying that 8 feet is all that's required for some time.

Council Member Scharff: I'm really confused. You've gone into the second,
Attachment E in Tier 2 items.

Council Member Kniss: We're way at the end dealing with (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: Weren't those Tier 2 items?

Mayor Holman: It's because they're related one to the other.

Council Member Scharff: Aren't we agreeing that as a process, we're going
to put those forward, and they'll come forward with us?
                                                                        Page 90 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
