                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: It's no longer framed point-by-point through the
Ordinance. It's just the guidance. The Ordinance in itself has some
repetition, and I laid out each one. We can delete "H."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove Section H from the Motion.

Council Member DuBois: Okay, yeah.

Council Member Burt: Let's leave the new "H" in there and be done with it.
A little redundancy is not going to kill us.

Mayor Holman: On "G" what do you want them to do regarding the
circulation analysis including Lane 30? There's no verb.

Council Member DuBois: Study.

Council Member Burt: Perform or study. Are we good?

Mayor Holman: I hope we are. This is not the way to do it. Applicant has a
question.

Ms. Wong: What is the sense of going to the ARB and what is the sense of
working with Planning and the City if ultimately this is not what you want?
If in the beginning you had said, "We're not going to approve this. You need
to do a two-story building," whatever. In fact, one of the things that I
offered was let's get rid of the residential, because the appellant wanted it
small. I said, "I can get rid of the residences." He wanted me to get rid of
the parking, so there's no congestion. I said, "That's fine. Let's get rid of
the parking. Let's get rid of the residential. We'll have retail, office. Voila."
I went to the City with that; I went to the ARB with that. They said, "No.
We like mixed use. You have residences. We need residences. We want
you to park underground." I said, "Whatever you want, let me do it." Now
we're going back two years prior when I said to them, "I'm willing to take
out the residences. I'm willing to take out the parking." It was a waste of
time. Your ARB did not fulfill their obligations. Your City did not fulfill their
obligations. There's no guidance for a person who wants to do a building in
this City on how to proceed. They're afraid that when they come back here
they're going to be faced with this. Am I better off spending more money or
am I better off waiting for two years until we have another election and
maybe we have a different set of people? It's very frustrating. You cannot
redesign the building. You don't like a modern building, tell me so. Tell all
of us so. There are a lot of us.



                                                                        Page 102 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
