                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: If things like traffic studies are normally part of the
CEQA process, traffic and that kind of stuff are likely to be some of the big
scenarios here. Are we planning on doing the planning process without
being informed of things like having a traffic study, if we're going to start the
environmental review after we do the planning? I'm confused about that
sequence and how we have information for the planning process.

Ms. Gitelman: We've laid out a scope of work where one of the initial tasks
is a data collection and analysis phase. We wouldn't want to start a planning
process without spending some time gathering information that's already
available and doing any additional analysis that's needed to form the basis of
that. That can be separate from and supportive of a CEQA process.

Vice Mayor Schmid: On packet page 210 under policy implications. It says
development of a Fry's Master Plan would implement the California Avenue
concept plan. We don't have a California Avenue Master Plan. How could
this implement that? How do you coordinate the two inside the Comp Plan
Update? Would this take us astray? Instead of doing the work on a
California Avenue concept plan, we would be spending Staff time doing this.
How would it implement the larger California Avenue plan?

Ms. Gitelman: This is the question we're asking of the Council this evening.
We have a draft California Avenue concept plan. It's been presented to the
public and provided to the Council. That draft plan calls for precisely this
kind of site-specific or precise planning effort around the Fry's site. The
question we're asking the Council is would you like to start that now and
take the money provided by transportation agencies or would you like to
defer that and use alternate funding at a later date. We're looking for your
guidance on that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Money means resources. You'll be allocating the time
of key Staff. Because the funding is here, you'd use that funding on the
Fry's plan. Does that mean they would not be coordinating and working with
the larger California Avenue concept plan?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure I understand your question. We would have to
allocate Staff resources to manage this project, which would involve a
consultant team. They would be engaged specifically for the scope of work.
It's our belief that we could do that simultaneously with the Comprehensive
Plan Update. It becomes a preference or policy choice for the Council.
Whether you'd like us to do it simultaneously or defer until a later date.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me go a step further. We had a debate the other
night about 411. PTOD came up. That looked at one of the alternatives.
Hold on just a second. 2555 Park, the PTOD issue came up. They looked at
                                                                           Page 70 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
