                          TRANSCRIPT
the Expo Center, there were two companies. I think they were both new to
California. I don't know if this is something you know about, but I was going
to pass it on, Jim. They're actually are hired by cities to find retail partners.
That's their whole business. I'll pass that information on to you. It seemed
pretty interesting. When it comes to grocery stores, they basically can
target any kind of retailer. The keynote with Cam Marston was pretty
interesting. A second point, kind of more of a question. I think I'd like us to
discuss the Super Bowl and kind of the opportunities and impacts. It's
coming up soon. I forget if the AFC team is going to practice at Stanford. It
seems like it's a big opportunity for our business community. Potentially we
could have some enforcement issues. We may have some Airbnb issues. I
don't know if it would make sense to put it on the agenda as a Study
Session or just get an information report. It seems like an opportunity that
we should talk about.

Council Member Kniss: I think big Airbnb issues, and that should be one of
our concerns. It was discussed a lot at the conference.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. A couple of things. First is the ongoing
saga of ABAG and MTC. ABAG actually has an—I wouldn't call it an
emergency, but a special executive board meeting on the 13th, next week.
I now have two things to do that night, I guess. One in Oakland and one
here. I can't do both. They're going to continue to discuss whether or not
MTC should—MTC, as you know, has threatened to defund ABAG, essentially,
which would basically make ABAG fall apart and go out of business. We're
having an emergency meeting to discuss that. MTC is then having their own
meeting two or three weeks later. I think it's October 23rd, maybe it's ten
days, eleven days. I guess, if we want to have any impact on that, I just
want everyone to realize that at the next MTC meeting things are likely to
happen. If I was a betting man, I would probably bet that MTC defunds
ABAG, if I had to guess on it. I could be wrong; I think it's pretty close.
They've gotten a lot of push-back. I actually think this is a fairly big deal.
MTC is a lot less representative than ABAG. At least every city in the Bay
Area gets to send representatives. There are very few of us; there's
virtually no chance for a Council Member like ourselves to be on MTC. It can
happen, but it's very, very rare. ABAG is a lot more representative and has
a lot more Council Members from a wide variety of cities. From that
perspective, it's probably bad for us, frankly. On the positive side, it's
probably more efficient in many ways to have MTC run things. ABAG is
much more transparent, believe it or not, but much more inefficient.

Male: (inaudible).

                                                                        Page 105 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
