                            MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid reiterated that the issue was complex, and the item
would return in a year.

Council Member DuBois suggested Staff place a low priority on the issue but
continue to monitor it. If issues arose, Staff could return to the Council
sooner than one year. He inquired whether the City should pursue collection
of the TOT through Airbnb as Airbnb was beginning to collect and remit
taxes.

Ms. Stump reported Staff had contacted Airbnb. If Airbnb agreed to comply,
then it would be relatively easy to collect taxes.

Council Member DuBois inquired whether the City could collect taxes on an
activity while enforcing an Ordinance that prohibited the activity.

Ms. Stump replied absolutely.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced the City was participating in the
second Multi-City Innovation Campaign to produce a mobile app related to
health which aligned with the Council Priority of Healthy City/Healthy
Community. On March 28, 2015, City Staff and Cubberley Community
Center tenants would host a Cubberley Community Day. On March 29,
2015, the Palo Alto Art Center would host a program of drawing activities
inspired by the Exhibit.

Oral Communications

Eamonn Gormley, Transform, explained that a road diet allowed drivers to
find alternative routes and did not cause congestion.

Traffic engineering could be counterintuitive. The Council should remember
that when considering dedicated lanes for the Bus Rapid Transit System on
El Camino Real.

Ken Horowitz felt the hot topic in Palo Alto was loss of retail space. The
former Page Mill Road YMCA building remained vacant. The building should
continue to be zoned for recreational use.

Stephanie Munoz suggested Council Members distribute comments for major
Agenda Items in advance of meetings in order to facilitate discussions. A
vibrant community could be achieved through prohibiting office space on the
ground floor of buildings.



03/09/2015                                                           117- 69
