                         TRANSCRIPT
may also be better communication tools that were talked about. I think
exploring this makes a lot of sense while we continue to move forward.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, speak to your second.

Council Member Burt: Yes. I think the Motion captures a lot of the—both
the intent of the Staff recommendation, which I think has really come up
with new tools and regulatory mechanisms that are not common but are
sound and add protections that basically don't exist in many communities. I
want to thank Staff for having done the work in response to the Motion we
had a year and a half ago to pursue some directions that frankly there was
skepticism at the time that we could come up with something that would be
sound in its legal standing and be on good general science and add
protections that didn't previously exist. I do have also one question. There
was a reference to a cryogenic facility, and that got some chuckles. Frankly,
it goes to this point and part of why we had this regulation look beyond a
specific use that was perceived to be a risk and look at materials. It's the
materials and their uses that pose the risk. One question I have is—I didn't
see anything about gas stations. This goes to the point of we have these
common perceptions of what poses risks and then we have scientific realities
of risks. I heard another laugh earlier when smoking was brought up. In
actuality, almost 20 years ago when I spent a year on the State comparative
risk project that looked at all public health and environmental risks in the
state and tried to rank them according to real comparative risks, smoking
dwarfed everything by orders of magnitude. That's something that we kind
of lose sight of when we see something scary like hazardous materials.
These are really ways that we should be looking at rational approaches to
what we're doing to reduce risk. At the same time, if we have in Orchard
Supply pallets of sodium hypochlorite with no secondary containment at all
or gas tanks that do have underground and secondary containment but tens
of thousands of gallons of gasoline, I want to make sure that the ordinances
that we're having address all of our risks comparably. Any thoughts on
these similar risks in non-industrial areas?

Mr. Worobel: I have a real short response. When I thought earlier about
gasoline stations in particular because you're absolutely right, Council
Member Burt.       There's a tremendous volume associated with the
underground storage tanks. In going through the various forms and looking
at the check marks that was referred to earlier, the gasoline is not
considered toxic or highly toxic. By virtue of our definition of Tier 2, those
would be off the list. For things that are found at like an Orchard Supply
hardware store, that's a really, really good example.         There are also
exemptions that allow for certain chemicals, if they're going to be used


                                                                           Page 74 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
