                    ACTION MINUTES
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to direct Staff to investigate increasing Business
Registry participation, up to and including increasing late fees.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue Agenda Item Number 7- Review of a Draft Scope of Work
for the Fry's Master Plan and Adoption of a Resolution Regarding the Use of
Regional Transportation Funding to June 22, 2015.

MOTION PASSED: 7-1 Wolbach no, Filseth absent

7.   Review of a Draft Scope of Work for the Fry's Master Plan and
     Adoption of a Resolution Regarding the Use of Regional Transportation
     Funding.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Kniss attended an event this past Friday at Moffett Federal
Airfield where Congresswoman Anna Eshoo announced her selections for the
United States Air Force Academy, United States Naval Academy, United
States Military Academy (West Point). Council Member Kniss noted that four
of the eleven individuals selected were women.

Council Member Scharff announced Congresswoman Anna Eshoo and
Assembly Member Rich Gordon will hold a public meeting on Santa Clara
County sea level rise challenges and opportunities on June 19, 2015.
Council Member Scharff will moderate a panel during the event.

Mayor Holman reported her attendance at a meeting this past Friday with
Governor Edmund Brown at San José City Hall for a drought update. She
also attended the NewCo event at Survey Monkey earlier this evening.
NewCo organizes open house type events at entrepreneurial businesses in
Silicon Valley. Approximately 40 to 50 percent of participating businesses
are located in Palo Alto. Participation is not limited to technology companies
but also includes companies such as Deborah’s Palm. She encouraged
Council Members and members of the public to attend NewCo events.




                                                                           Page 7 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 6/8/15
