                          TRANSCRIPT
would be part of this program, I'd like to add simply that as a category of
exploration of the role of agricultural landscaping. If that's acceptable.

Council Member Scharff: It's acceptable.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “exploration of the role of
agricultural landscaping.”
Council Member Burt: The other thing is the Master Plan as written rightfully
has a very strong collaboration with Canopy embedded in the plan. I would
also like to see in particular as part of Goal Number five an expansion of the
role of local environmental groups in our Urban Forest Plan.

Council Member Scharff: No. They're already very much involved in the
Plan from what I gather. I'm not sure what expansion means.

Council Member Burt: I will offer that as an Amendment then.

Mayor Holman: I'll second.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
add to the Motion, “expansion of the role of local environmental groups in
the Urban Forest Master Plan.”
Council Member Burt: I'll just briefly speak to it. They really aren't fully
acknowledged as vital players in this vision. It's right and appropriate that
Canopy is recognized that way and deeply embedded in the Plan. We need
to expand that.

Mayor Holman: Just briefly, I agree with that. We have advantage of
several other organizations that can only enrich an outcome here. That's
why I support this.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Filseth, Scharff no
Council Member Burt: Just a final comment. I don't think it needs to be
listed separately, because it's somewhat embedded in these other elements.
The way in which we move our urban forest into one that is integrated with
a sustainable water supply will be increasingly important. To be able to
sustain that forest in the future and to do so within the limits of our supply.
I don't think these are going to be ultimately in conflict. The greater
emphasis on native tree species will help further that. When we think about
native tree species, this is species that are indigenous to this part of our
region. We have wonderful redwood trees. I probably love redwood forests
as much as anyone here, but redwood trees grow where we have 40 inches
of rain a year and hundreds of days of fog per year. With the exception of
                                                                         Page 89 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
