                          TRANSCRIPT
piece that was looked at previously. At this point, even though there may
have been some objections—Tom, I heard your objections clearly. I think
our job is to, as much as is possible, keep these options open for now and
also explore what other money may be coming in from Stanford.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not inclined to support the amendment. If
we had to pick tonight one, two or even three routes, I would say let's plan
for Oregon Ave., Loma Verde and Meadow and scratch Colorado and scratch
the Matadero Creek whether it's solid or hybrid. I don't think that we're
ready to make that decision tonight. That might be what we do in the
future, but I just don't feel ready to rule it out. As was expressed before, we
haven't really had a chance to study a hybrid option. Again, we might rule it
out in the future, but I want to make sure we've really thought about it
before we rule it out. That's why respectfully I'll not be supporting the
amendment. Again, I think we've got a number of good options here. I
think it's also important ...       People say budget expenditures are an
expression of your values. The fact that we're willing to spend some extra
money from our discretionary budget for this, the ideas is we're really trying
to bulk up our planning and consideration of all of the possible bike routes.
That's why I'm not ready to rule out the hybrid option at this point.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I have some questions for Staff.

Mayor Holman: Again, on the amendment.

Council Member Berman: Yeah, on the amendment. An assertion's been
made that the hybrid approach eliminates the problematic areas. I think
clearly it eliminates some problematic elements, but I'm not familiar enough
with the entirety of the project on a block-by-block basis to know which
controversial elements still remain in the hybrid versus which ones are being
eliminated. There has been a lot of opposition from the community. I don't
feel like continuing a fight tonight based on the pretty overwhelming
opposition that we've had to this project so far. With the hybrid—first let me
confirm that the hybrid is exactly as displayed in Attachment E which is it
would continue along Matadero Creek from 101 to Louis, then jog north to
Clara and Sutter and then ...

Council Member Burt: No, it's not. You're asking if the Motion ...

Council Member Berman: (crosstalk)

                                                                            Page 49 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
