                         TRANSCRIPT
preliminary ARB that wouldn't be on this list. We discussed that distinction
earlier.

Vice Mayor Schmid:       If we come back in two months, in August or
something, this list would be unchanged or pared down if anything?

Ms. Gitelman: The list would change in that any applications approved since
March 31st, when we bring it back, would no longer be on the list. 255 Park
is a perfect example. In addition, it would now include any new applications
that have been filed since March 31st. Mr. Pierce's suggestions that he's
filing an application tomorrow, his project would appear on this list.

Vice Mayor Schmid: This motion might increase the number in the pipeline.

Ms. Gitelman: (crosstalk) motion.

Mayor Holman: No, it wouldn't increase the number in the pipeline.

Ms. Gitelman: You asked me how this pipeline list is defined. It includes
active applications. It could be that we get new applications between now
and when we come back.

Vice Mayor Schmid: There would be additional ...

Council Member Scharff: No (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: The motion itself would not increase the number of projects.
It's just that additional projects might come forward.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The possibility, if we postpone beyond tonight.

Council Member Scharff: This limits the projects to those '13 or '14. If they
came in '15 or later ...

Council Member Burt: You can't go back in time.

Council Member Scharff:    If they come in '15, '16 or '17, they would be
subject to the cap.

Vice Mayor Schmid:      My question is, is the listing comprehensive of
everything that has been submitted.

Council Member Scharff: In 2013, 2014.

Council Member Wolbach: I've a couple of thoughts for colleagues to think
about with this one. One, exempting projects in the pipeline. This is not a

                                                                      Page 90 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
