                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: It's really awesome. I just took a look through it.
Are we going to make this an annual thing? Do we have plans on where it
goes from here?

Mr. Keene: I don't think we have a regular schedule, but there is a push on
a lot of this. Interestingly enough, it's still in the early stages, but some
initial discussion around the Healthy City Healthy Community challenge has
been the potential to look at some sort of a health hack-a-thon apps
challenge around that topic this year.

Mayor Holman: Let the record show that Council Member Filseth has joined
us. Announcement of two other events this weekend in addition to the
paramedics 40th anniversary. Saturday was the College Terrace annual
picnic, which is always a great event adjacent to the College Terrace Library.
Yesterday was the Barron Park May Fete event. I have to say the maypole
is a pretty amazing sight and amazing activity. All three donkeys were
present yesterday.

Mr. Keene: Madam Mayor, before you leave, I want to say I was a little bit
precipitous in my remarks. I noticed that Mr. Dennis from Rich Gordon's
Office is here, when you get to that part of the agenda. Thanks.

Oral Communications

Ronna Devincenzi: I wrote something here for you, and I'll let you read it.
I'm going to give you the highlights. My comment is to draw attention to
the history regarding the news that Council is considering two surface-owned
parking lots on Sherman Avenue for the new police/fire headquarters. I
wanted to tell you that 20 years ago California Avenue Area Development
Association successfully fought a similar takeover by the City for the same
project. At the time, the CAADA Board objected because the lots were paid
for by merchants and property owners 60 years ago that planned for
parking. They deeded it to the City which is why the City owns them now.
It would bring more office workers to the area and within a stone's throw of
California Avenue. Studies proved that the shoppers prefer parking right in
front of a store or, secondly, surface lots such as this one, Lot C-6 and 7.
Only lastly do they go to parking garages. It's just not considered safe for
people, for cars. With the stalls being so small, fenders get dinged all the
time. It isn't that the CAADA Board objected to it being in the district. As
recent as seven years ago, if it was Jay Paul, if it was the property on Park
Boulevard or even going to where the County is at the Courthouse, that
would be great. The problem is 100 percent the loss of premium parking.
I'm surprised that nobody else has been speaking out about this yet. So far
it's like everybody has stars in their eyes that says "So good." When 20

                                                                         Page 7 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
