                          TRANSCRIPT
a Budget in which to use that water on. That's really the methodology that
the State requires and what we've adopted above and beyond the minimum
thresholds.

Council Member Filseth:    What does the State require versus what do we
require?

Ms. Jacobsen: The State requires that we adopt what's called the Model
Water Ordinance. It's all based on turf. Turf is the maximum amount of
water that's used. I don't have it right in front of me, but it's approximately
45 to 55 percent of what's called evapotranspiration (ETo), which is
essentially turf, that's the technical term. We have adopted 65 and 55
percent above that baseline. That's included in the Ordinance before you as
a mandate. The tiers, which are the optional "choose from a list of items."

Council Member Filseth: If I understand what you said, at one level it's
optional. On the other hand, you don't have an infinite number of options.
You have to pick something off the menu.

Ms. Jacobsen: That's correct.

Council Member Filseth:    If you decide you want a lawn, you have to cut
somewhere else.

Ms. Jacobsen: That's correct. The way that our Budget is written, lawns are
becoming much less popular, due to the fact that they need so much water.
That's definitely one of the things that the GBAG has discussed, how can we
bring something before you that eliminates lawns or minimizes them to the
maximum degree.

Council Member Filseth: My second question has to do with the solar ready
on the roof. You designate 500 square feet, and you put a conduit there and
some bracing or something like that. There was a line about an exception
for protected trees. I assume that implies there's non-protected trees too.
Is it conceivable this would force you to cut down some trees?

Ms. Jacobsen: That's a great question. That's what we've been working
closely with the Urban Forestry Division on. There is already existing
legislation in the Solar Shade Act of 2009, that says whatever was there first
trumps shade. If a tree was existing and somebody installed a solar panel
system, the rights would be the tree owner and vice versa. If the solar
panel was installed and then the tree was planted and grew up, the solar
panel owner would have the rights.




04/20/2015                                                             117- 334
