                         TRANSCRIPT
Officer. Your job is to make a fair and just decision. If it requires changes
from what has been appealed, to make those changes. You took steps in
that direction the last time you gathered on this subject. As I look at each
of you and imagine you in your judge's robes, I ask you to consider what
should you do when one of the lawyers in the case in open court threatens
to sue you if you deviate at all from the decision of the lower court. I ask
you what you should do, as the judge in the case, if the appraiser in the
case refuses to take your direction to make a fair appraisal. For that matter,
I ask you what you should do if your law clerk, the City Council, advises you
to walk back from the position that you've taken in the interest of fairness.
As far as I know, your clerk works for you and not the other way around.
When I lived in Boston, there was an old Boston Paul who in a situation
something like this said, "The problem is that everybody wants to go to
heaven, but nobody wants to die." This is your chance tonight to go to
heaven and make the decision that is the fair and legal and just decision,
and do your jobs. Thank you.

Mary Kear speaking for 5 people: Hello, everybody, Mayor Holman. My
name is Mary Kear. I am the VP of Buena Vista Residents Association and
speaking on behalf of the Association today. You heard in April from the
residents of Buena Vista. You've heard from the students who go to the Palo
Alto schools and from their parents who moved to Buena Vista so their
children could have opportunities they never had.            You heard from
individuals who worked in Palo Alto's economy. You also heard from seniors
and people with disabilities who rely on their neighbors at Buena Vista. The
hope of the Residents Association is that we all can stay at Buena Vista, that
it stay a mobile home park, and that we can continue to be part of this
community. If the City Council decides to close the park, it should only if all
other resident mobile home owners and studio tenants receive enough
relocation assistance. This should be enough assistance so that we are not
forced to move away to the Central Valley, but enough so that we can stay
in a comparable community to Palo Alto, and keep our jobs and so our
children can attend quality schools.       The assistance should take into
consideration of being in Palo Alto, including our schools. Thank you for
your time tonight. These are the people you're going to be affecting. Thank
you.

Lois Salo: I'm Lois Salo, and I am with the Women's International League
for Peace and Freedom, a 100-year-old peace group. This extends to local
conditions for peace also. As Aram James said, removal of these people
would amount to ethnic cleansing. I suggest that the City of Palo Alto does
not need a new police station, but it needs to have the people in Buena Vista
stay there. I would like our money to do that. Also, that the City Council
and the County have the power by eminent domain to take over this park
                                                                         Page 4 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
