                              MINUTES
Council Member Filseth asked if El Camino Way was sufficiently wide to add
a bike lane.

Mr. Rodriguez believed a bike lane could be added if the travel lane and the
parking lane were reduced. That would also force cars to drive slower.

Council Member Filseth inquired about the width of travel lanes if a bike lane
was added.

Mr. Rodriguez indicated existing travel lanes would be reduced from 12-13
feet to 9 1/2 feet.

Council Member Filseth asked if El Camino Way would consist of a parking
lane, a bike lane, and 9 1/2-foot travel lanes.

Mr. Rodriguez replied yes. Some time-of-day parking restrictions existed on
El Camino Way between James Road and El Camino Real. During the design
phase, Staff would study the ramifications of extending those time-of-day
parking restrictions to Meadow Drive.

Council Member Filseth felt moving the crosswalk and the right cutoff into
Palo Alto High School at the intersection with Churchill Avenue was a great
idea.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff was seeking Council approval to
proceed with the Maybell Avenue Bicycle Boulevard and the Churchill Avenue
Enhanced Bikeway Projects.      He requested clarification of preliminary
environmental assessment for the Maybell Avenue Bicycle Boulevard Project
through Concept Plan Line development only.

Mr. Rodriguez sought Council feedback on the Concept Plan Lines. The
Churchill Avenue Project was more refined than the Maybell Avenue Project
because Staff needed time to develop a specific design for the Maybell
Avenue Project. Staff proposed two options for the Maybell Avenue Project:
sharrows only or stamped or colored asphalt. The Council could choose one
of those options or direct Staff to return with different proposals.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City had funding for the
Churchill Avenue Project.

Mr. Rodriguez responded no.

Council Member Scharff asked if Staff wanted Council approval of the near-
term improvements.



01/20/2015                                                             216- 344
