                         TRANSCRIPT
and overdue bill collection, send that proposal to Policy and Services along
with potential updates that address very small business, very small
nonprofits, religious organizations and also changes to the registration
survey. Policy and Services should meet in a timely manner in order to
ensure that there's time to go through the process and it be ready by the
renewal date in Year One.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, great that you sent this. If you
could read it just a little bit more slowly, then we might be able to track it
more closely with this and digest it as well. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: I'll let them catch up. Again, this first clause was
basically send a lot of the details—because it is, I think, quite complicated
and difficult to do. The whole Council send that to Policy and Services. The
second point was to have Staff continue to enhance the reporting
capabilities. Essentially, their third bullet point, to go ahead and move
forward with that, I added improve user functionality, data quality and user
experience. To return to Council with any contract amendments. The third
point is their final bullet point on here. Explore integration with other
permits. Instead of return to Council, I said return to Policy and Services
with a plan for implementation as Phase 3. That would be further out. I
wouldn't expect it to go to Policy and Services until next year. I tried to
capture everything they have on here with a few tweaks around considering
enforcement. Once it's up there, I hope somebody will second it.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it.

Mayor Holman: City Clerk is, I think, nearing completion here.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to direct Staff to begin Phase 2 of the Business Registry with the
following modifications:

A.   Staff to define an enforcement Ordinance with proposed mechanisms
     for citation and overdue bill collection. Send proposal to Policy and
     Services Committee along with potential updates that address very
     small businesses, very small non-profits and religious organizations
     with no ancillary business on site, and changes to the Registration
     Survey. Policy and Services Committee should meet in a timely
     manner in order to ensure suggested changes will be ready by renewal
     date in Year Two; and

B.   Continue to enhance reporting capabilities, improve user functionality,
     data quality, and user experience and return to Council with any
     contract amendments, and/or resource requests as appropriate; and
                                                                       Page 29 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
