                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I guess I would point to right underneath that there's a
Program B-2 that says "consider the City's economic future when making
growth decisions."

Council Member Filseth: I like that language better, because it doesn't call
out ... I interpret this stuff as priorities. I want to be careful that we
prioritize the things that we need, and we don't prioritize the things that we
don't need. If you said "the City recognizes that greater tax revenues are an
important consideration" or something like that, I think that would ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me read the full sentence that this was taken from.
It says the City also recognizes economic growth can bring many benefits to
a community including greater tax revenues, local job opportunities,
increased diversity and physical improvements.

Mayor Holman: That's in Goal B-3.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's in the text.

Council Member Filseth: I see, in the text.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The text tends to get overlooked, so I'm trying to bring
the text into policy.

Mayor Holman: I look to Director Gitelman.

Council Member Filseth: If you said that ...

Mayor Holman: Hang on just a second.           If it's in a goal, do we need to
reiterate it in a policy?

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's the text.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we were hoping to get your direction on the goals with
the understanding that the CAC will develop policies and programs to
support those goals. I appreciate that this conversation is telling us what's
important to you, but I don't know that you need to go down into the level
of the text or the policy and programs to give us the direction we're looking
for this evening.

Mr. Keene: It'll still all come back to you from the CAC.

Vice Mayor Schmid: In one big package. I guess I'm concerned that one of
the numbers that jumps out at me each year is when we look at our
property tax. The non-residential share of our property tax goes down each
year; although, the share of development that takes place is much larger on
                                                                         Page 75 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
