                            MINUTES
HRC. He asked if the Palo Alto Police Department had a policy for use of
body cameras.

Ms. Savage advised that the Police Chief would have to provide that
information. Body cameras would protect both police officers and the public.

Council Member Berman was pleased the HRC was using its time
strategically to create the largest impact.   Bringing different agencies
together to focus on needs in the community was an excellent use of time
and resources. The HRC should collaborate with other agencies with respect
to Project Safety Net. Affordable housing was an important issue in the
region and community.

Ms. O’Nan indicated Adolescent Counseling Services received HSRAP funding
and was a frontline resource for troubled children.

Council Member Burt suggested the HRC create an online tool and a
collaborative for senior service providers. He inquired whether the HRC was
aware of an emerging crisis for market rate housing. Perhaps the HRC or a
non-profit agency could develop a service to connect interested parties with
available rental space in existing homes or apartments.

Council Member Wolbach suggested the HRC consider hosting a civility
roundtable based on the Mountain View model. Perhaps the HRC could
confer with the Planning Manager for East Palo Alto regarding housing. The
HRC should review the County of San Mateo white paper regarding
affordable housing.

Council Member Scharff was interested in the HRC targeting homeless
veterans. He inquired about the total number of homeless people in Palo
Alto and the percentage of those who were veterans.

Mr. Alhassani reported Community Technology Alliance provided the number
of 40 homeless veterans between June 30, 2013 and July 1, 2014.

Minka Van Der Zwaag, Human Services Manager, added that the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) required each county
to provide a point-in-time count of the homeless population. The last
available total for Santa Clara County was approximately 170. Figures from
the count conducted in January 2015 were not yet available.

Council Member Scharff asked if 50 percent of homeless veterans suffered
from mental disabilities and 23 percent from substance abuse.




03/09/2015                                                            117- 59
