                          TRANSCRIPT
CAC, and those critical issues, measures, choices             will     inform        the
Comprehensive Plan vision statements and goals?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Mr. Keene: The sequence would be that you're still clarifying the vision
statements and goals, and the CAC is doing the more detailed policy and
program work.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The wording as you have stated is the work of Staff and
the CAC.

Council Member DuBois: I agree to who's doing which work. I'm not sure I
agree with the timeframe. We had a good discussion about visions and
goals. We could finish that off, maybe I’m being optimistic, but we made a
lot of progress during our discussion on that topic. We ran out of time. I
was thinking we needed to set the vision upfront. I'm not quite viewing the
same time sequence that you are.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, do you have a correction to make
to this? Making a comment may be helpful, but providing language is more
helpful.

Council Member DuBois:      I'm comfortable with the language the way it is
right now.

Mayor Holman: You are comfortable with it?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. If we were going to change it to be a
different sequence of time, I don't think I'd be comfortable with it.

Vice Mayor Schmid: A key question is for the Staff. As you envision this,
which issues, choices, options would you be asking guidance from the
Council upfront that would help drive the process that you're ...

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. That section of the Motion is very clear. We've
talked about some issues related to growth management strategies, retail
preservation and housing sites and transportation investments that would
clearly fall into that bucket. The question still is vision statements and goals
set by the Council. The Council made a lot of progress on the vision
statements, and it would be relatively reasonable, a couple hour
conversation probably to finish that off. The goals to me are just an
extensive effort. If the Council wanted to do that, we should set aside a
couple of full-day meetings, where we sit in a room for eight hours a day for
a couple of days in a row and hammer through that. Otherwise, I don't see

                                                                            Page 114 of 123
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/18/2015
