                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid to
go into Closed Session.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Vice Mayor
Schmid. Vote on the board please. That's approved on an 8-1 vote with
Council Member Berman absent. We'll go into Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Berman absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:02 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:23 P.M.

Mayor Holman: The Council has returned now from Closed Session with no
reportable action.

Special Orders of the Day

2.    2015 City Manager Year in Review.

Mayor Holman: Our next item on the Agenda is our annual presentation by
the City Manager, the 2015 City Manager year in review as a Special Order
of the Day. Jim.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor, Council Members. I
actually always enjoy being able to do this with you all even though, like
everything else your Staff is working on, believe it or not we never have
enough time, and we're always rushing around to try to put reports
together, do the work that you ask us to do on your behalf. One of the nice
things about taking just a little bit of time at the end of the year is to
reverse our direction a little bit, which is always for the most part forward on
what we need to do next week or the next Agenda or the next Agenda Item
or how we need to bring something back. The Council, you all are so super
responsive to our community. Again, in many ways, we're always in a mode
of thinking about how do we respond to that question or that concern or that
complaint. In all of that work—the same thing with our Staff who is here
tonight—it's easy to lose sight of actually how much we do accomplish in the
course of a year. This little bit of time we have does let us go back and
touch on—I don't think there's anything that I'm going to bring up that is
unfamiliar to you. Hopefully, by the time we get through this and to the
end, you would agree with the assessment that I'm going to make at the
end about 2015. This is the year in review. I did want to frame this. We're
going to talk a lot about the Council Priorities, but about some value
perspectives that I use with our Staff a lot. In many ways, I often like to be
thinking what is behind the way we approach the work we do or what is the
                                                                          Page 2 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
