                          TRANSCRIPT
B.    Direct the City Manager to appoint a Citizen Advisory Committee to
      assist Staff with the development of the 2016 funding measure,
      including a list of operational programs and capital improvement
      projects to be funded by the fees.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Wolbach, do you care to speak to your
motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I think that Staff has spoken eloquently.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: In the interest of brevity, I'll just say I think Staff
did a good job on this. We heard this at Finance. It's obviously something
we should do. I'm glad we're moving forward on it.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I really had one question. As I read the report, it
wasn't clear. Would the level of the tax be determined by the blue ribbon
committee or is the assumption that it's just going to carry forward?

Mr. Eggleston: We purposely left that kind of open, because we thought it
would be something the blue ribbon committee would make the
recommendation to Council on. It could be they could recommend a lower
fee than what we currently have, a higher one, continuation of the same
level.

Council Member DuBois: That's good to hear. I think it'd be pretty
encouraging if it came back and it was slightly lower. I think the public sees
too many taxes that expire and then renew at the same amount. I just
thing that creates a cynicism about the system.           If the blue ribbon
committee were to look at the projects, figure out what we need and figure
out what the right tax rate is, that's the best approach.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: In the Staff Report, there was a mention of a Storm
Drain Master Plan. The Master Plan wasn't given either to the Finance
Committee or the Council. Is this the basis of the work of the Storm Drain
Committee?

Mr. Teresi: It is. If I recall, at your request, I know you wanted to see it.
We actually put a link in it. It's online; it's on page 7 of the Staff Report.
There's a hyperlink. I have a copy of it here.

                                                                       Page 97 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
