                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of quick questions. On the minimum
density for the zoning, I believe that's in our Housing Element. I think it
should actually come back when Council discusses the Housing Element,
which is supposed to be early next year. Somebody could make a note of
that. I had a question about the definition of major transit stop. It refers to
some Code. Is that State law that it refers to? I don't have it in front of me.
I can find it. Page 20, Section i. These housing densities apply when you're
near a major transit stop. Where is that defined?

Ms. Silver: That's also from State law. There are, I believe, three different
triggers for the transit stop. The State law defines transit stop. Basically it's
the Caltrain stations for purposes ...

Council Member DuBois: Right. I saw in the Staff Report it's, like, crossing
of a major bus line with service every 15 minutes or something. Can we
control that definition or does it have to be the State law?

Ms. Silver: No, it has to be the State law definition.

Council Member DuBois: There were comments raised about the PTOD
density bonus, which is in a later section. I don't think we're going to—it's
not listed in a group later on, so I thought I'd bring it up now. I just want to
understand. Could you clarify? It sounds like we're increasing density. We
deleted a line that said what the maximum density was. Are we double
counting density now in a PTOD?

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Section 18.34.040(e)(iii), page—hang on a
second. It's page 29, the last number there. Number 3 has been deleted.
Cara mentioned that in her comments, but I didn't really understand the
impact.

Mayor Holman: We're only on page 15 to 21 at the moment.

Council Member DuBois: This is density bonus, and it's not in another
group. That's what I said. We're not going to discuss it later. Seems like
now is the right time.

Mayor Holman: Okay. Although, we are going to go through Attachment E.

Council Member DuBois: It's not in Attachment E. It's in Attachment A. It's
been deleted. I just wanted to understand what that means, what's the
impact of that change.


                                                                         Page 78 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
