                          TRANSCRIPT
David Coale: Thank you very much. My name is David Coale. I'm a
resident of Barron Park. I agree very much with the first two speakers and
the last speaker, so I won't go into those a lot. A potential solution would be
to go with the interim bike improvements, striping on that area which would
probably have to be adjusted a little bit. I agree with Robert that the use of
Old Page Mill Road is a great idea. Every time I see somebody on the
Expressway going over that hill, I say, "They're from out of town." What we
need and what was alluded to is a Traffic Demand Management District that
includes all of the Stanford Research Park and California Avenue. This is the
type of solution that we need to work toward before any other County
widening projects go forward. Give this a couple of years before we do this,
because the reduction of car trips, as was mentioned, is the primary problem
here. We can still move people in and out. We can still do jobs. We can do
everything else. We just have to reduce the number of cars, and that'll help
the situation overall with the greenhouse gas reductions, the Sustainability
Plan and the world. Let's not lose sight of what the real problem is.
Probably the real solution is the reduction of car trips.

Council Member Wolbach: I have a number of concerns. I agree with a lot
of the comments we just heard from members of the public. I do have a
couple of questions to start, and then I'll share some comments for you to
consider as you continue to work on this and other projects. How much
does the Santa Clara County Roads and Airports Department coordinate with
Stanford, employers, TMAs like the TMA that we're now starting in
Downtown Palo Alto, and VTA?

Ms. Cameron:       Because the County has no land use decision making
authority whatsoever, once the expressway enters into the incorporated
areas, the people we coordinate with are the cities. When a city has a
development come in that's going to either front on an expressway or create
tremendous new potential traffic demand on the expressway, we work with
the city. If the city wants to mitigate that impact through intersection
improvements, contributing to a widening project, we're happy to work with
them. If the city says, "No. We want to try something different, and we're
okay with a lot of congestion. We're okay if, County, you cannot make
traffic flow smoothly given your lane configuration, given what's going on,"
then the County will operate the expressway per those parameters that the
city has established. Working with VTA, if VTA wants to put additional
transit service, buses and so on, and needs a bus stop or so on, we happily
work with VTA to make that happen.          We do not work directly with
employers because we have no authority with the employers. In our
Expressway Plan, we encourage the cities to require good TDM programs at
the employers to help reduce trips. We like the direction that many of the
cities are going, that we saw with Apple Campus, with Google. Cities are
                                                                         Page 14 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
