                          TRANSCRIPT
of development on Hamilton Avenue. Our blocks are cut-throughs to 101,
so there's just huge traffic at rush hour. It's very difficult to see when
you're leaving your driveway the traffic. Also, there's a number of school-
age children on our blocks, and we feel that it's just a real safety issue. It's
not just an inconvenience but a very important issue for the community.
Again, we just wanted to urge you to consider the extension of the
boundary. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Judy Kleinberg followed by
David Bower.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you. Judy Kleinberg, the CEO of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce. On behalf of the Chamber of Commerce, I want to
reiterate our support of a fair RPP Program but express our deep concern of
the business community regarding the Staff recommendation to completely
eliminate employee parking permits in 10 years. By 2025, it's proposed to
have no employee parking permits at all. Expanding the RPP Zone makes
sense; it's fair. Eliminating parking permits for nonresidents is a dangerous
proposal. Employees who work but don't or can't afford to live in Palo Alto
will have no legal place to park on surface streets near their jobs Downtown.
It's hard enough now to get employees to work in Palo Alto. There are help
wanted signs all over Downtown. You've seen them yourself. On one hand,
you talk about preserving small business and retail, but a prohibition of
employee parking permits would dramatically impact those very retailers
and small businesses that you're trying to protect from finding employees
who can't afford to live nearby. By eliminating the employee parking permit
program, new businesses won't choose to locate in Palo Alto. If they do,
then their employees who must drive and can't get garage permits will park
further out into the neighborhoods beyond your expanded concentric circles,
further creating a problem rather than solving it. Let's solve this problem by
tying this Program to building enough affordable housing so employees
won't need a car or building garages for employees to park or expanding the
shuttle service from outlying transit centers and City-owned properties.
Slowly eliminating employee parking permits on top of high rents, the lack of
affordable housing, the waiting list for garage permits, the minimum wage
hike and a likely business license tax will gradually strangle our local small
businesses and eventually amount to death by a thousand cuts. Please
reconsider this part of the proposal. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.          Next speaker is David Bower, to be
followed by Adina Levin.

David Bower: Good evening, Vice Mayor Schmid and Council Members. I
want to make four quick requests. One—first thank Staff for the thorough

                                                                        Page 43 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
