                              MINUTES
Caltrain could contribute fair share to cumulative noise mitigation at
significant locations. Those mitigations could consist of quiet zones, possible
grade separations, or building insulation. Caltrain committed to a suite of
mitigations determined to be feasible at certain roadways.                 Those
mitigations consisted of signals and geometric configurations which would
address some but not all impacts. Caltrain would support local and regional
efforts for grade separations at numerous locations. On its own, Caltrain
could not commit to grade separations for all locations because of the cost.
Some significant unavoidable impacts were identified in the FEIR. During
construction at some locations, Caltrain might not be able to effectively
control all noise.     There would be a need for nighttime and daytime
construction. Caltrain did not believe it would be 100 percent successful in
planting trees at all locations to compensate for the aesthetic change. Sea
level rise was a long-term concern that existed with or without the Project.
At some locations Caltrain could not identify a feasible traffic mitigation or
the only mitigation was a grade separation, which resulted in unavoidable
impacts.     As CEQA required, Caltrain made a statement of overriding
considerations when significant unavoidable impacts were identified. The
City submitted a comment letter that raised five issues related to the EIR.
The City was concerned about traffic impacts at Churchill Avenue, E. Meadow
Drive, and Charleston Road vehicle crossings. Due to geometric constraints,
Caltrain did not find any feasible mitigation other than grade separation
which Caltrain was not financially capable of doing. The City was also
concerned about the location of one paralleling station, number 5. The FEIR
included three options; two were contained in the DEIR and a third was
added in response to comment. The City was most concerned about
paralleling station number 5, Option 1 located at Green Meadow Way and
Alma because of aesthetic impacts and potential impacts to the historic
district in that neighborhood. Caltrain reviewed both impacts and did not
find a significant impact to the cultural resources of the historic district
primarily because the district did not abut Alma. The City was concerned
about the process for selecting Overhead Contact System (OCS) poles.
Caltrain committed to mitigation in the EIR to reduce tree and right-of-way
impacts by moving poles in or using alternative designs. The City was
concerned about El Palo Alto tree and requested coordination between the
City's arborist and Caltrain in protecting El Palo Alto. Caltrain adopted a
specific design at El Palo Alto to avoid putting wires outside the bridge.
Caltrain would need to trim El Palo Alto for safe rail operations, but trimming
should not increase. Case law supported preemption rulings of the STB
concerning CEQA. The JPB reserved the right to assert preemption. The
Resolution committed Caltrain to all mitigations identified in the EIR
regardless of the STB preemption.



01/12/2015                                                              116- 298
