                          TRANSCRIPT
the time that someone is proposing to put in solar panels, it's as if a tree is
still there.

Council Member DuBois: There was a mention that there were some issues
with speeding up the permitting process, that you do inspections first and
that's no longer occurring. If you think that's something that should be
reversed, please propose that, bring it back to us. I did read that correctly,
Right? There were issues with trees being removed.

Mr. Passmore: Yes. There's always a fine balance between different sides of
an issue. Expediting the development review process has the risk that we
don't inspect trees for protection as closely as we otherwise would. We're
still evaluating data from that change. We will propose a change if it's
resulting in the number of trees being impacted.

Council Member DuBois: The last thing I'd say is I'd like to see more
emphasis on landscaping plans in general. If Council starts to get into
specific plans, the landscaping environment should be a big part of that.
That's just a general comment. Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't know that there's a whole lot that I can
add.    I'll just start with a procedural question for Staff and also for
Colleagues. Staff, you've heard a lot of comments from my Colleagues and
from the public including from Acterra, Native Plants, from Audubon, Sierra
Club, about things they'd like to see improved in this. It's definitely possible
to pass this tonight as recommended. I'll be supporting the Motion. It's
possible to do that and consider this to be iterative, with more versions to
follow, more conversations to follow and improvements to follow. Again, we
don't want the perfect to be the enemy of the good. Do we need to have an
Amendment to this Motion in order to proceed with that going forward or has
the feedback been clear enough?

Mr. Keene: Council Member and Members of the Council, we need an
Amendment. I don't want to say that, because I would love to just leave the
meeting tonight. The intent of the Council is clear enough. We are
supportive of that drive. I commend the Council for recognizing that
progress is what we need right now. Coming back and editing from a
foundation is much more expeditious and effective than holding everything
in abeyance.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm going to take a stab at a friendly Amendment
for Council Members Scharff and Kniss to consider supporting. Council
directs Staff to return in early 2016 with a second iteration of the Urban
Forest Master Plan with greater discussion and emphasis on native plant

                                                                          Page 85 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
