                         TRANSCRIPT
be from having the hardscape in. What are we looking at in terms of
actually getting the hardscape in that's been designed for some time? That's
been what? An 11-year project or something like that? It's been a long
time.

Mr. Eggleston: It has been a long time that it's been talked about. As I was
saying earlier, where we currently are is we need to bring a contract
amendment to the Council for approval to move forward with the final
design. I think we're thinking that that will be February. Under that
process, it would still be quite some time before the design was finalized
enough that any of that could go out to bid and actually be constructed. I'm
sorry. I don't have that overall schedule in front of me.

Mayor Holman: What was in the presentation and what's in the Staff Report
talks about the design phase. It doesn't talk anything about implementation
or construction that I saw. That's what I'm looking for.

Mr. Eggleston: I can't provide that right now. I can send it supplementally,
but I'll need to check with (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: If you would, that would be of interest to an awful lot of
people. Hang on just a second. Similarly with—on the PowerPoint this
evening, Staff mentioned the Wilkie Way and Maybell Avenue Bike
Boulevards, but I don't see a timing on when those are going to be
implemented, unless I overlooked it. Also on the Staff Report but not on the
presentation was East Meadow Drive.         We have bike safety issues in
especially that part of town with so many schools along Meadow, Charleston,
Arastradero, Maybell being a part of that whole network. Do we have any
timelines on completion of those or implementation of those bike boulevard
safety elements?

Mr. Eggleston: I hate to sit here and say that it's a different group
implementing them, but they're being implemented by the Planning
Department Transportation Group. I don't have the schedules. This is
probably a good time to mention that one of the things we were working on,
that we were hoping to have go with the Study Session, was kind of a new
format for an update on all CIP projects. We've made a lot of progress on
that, but weren't able to complete it in time to share with you this evening.
I'm hoping to provide that in January. That might be a good time we could
also be sure to address some of these questions about overall schedule.

Mayor Holman: That'd be great. I'm sure we do, but there are some kind of
interactions between that we're not seeing this evening. If you can pull
those together and bring those to Council, that would be awesome. We got
an email about grade crossings. Is Staff looking at any kind of infrastructure
                                                                        Page 27 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
