                         TRANSCRIPT
years. I just think we're so far ahead of ourselves. I would say stay where
we are for now, concentrate on those areas that are really working well.
Some of them really are. The employee permits and you've gone into
concentric rings of some kind or another, I'm not sure which one we might
end up with. What I'm concerned about with that is how do we track the
different permits that people have. How do we track the residents' permits
versus the permits that are one price, the permits that are another price?
Right now, because—as I said, I walk a lot. One of the first things I noticed
was that I would go Downtown heading along the creek. Initially, everyone
had the white slips that are in the front of the car. Now I'm seeing more
hanging tags than I did before. Maybe one of the questions you can answer
is how are we enforcing that at this point. How do we know who's who by
what tag they have, and will we get more sophisticated about that? I think
we really need to do that. Having said all that, I think I can support a good
deal of what you've asked for tonight. Beyond that, again I think we should
at least say, "We've made some progress here." You really can walk
Downtown now, and you can tell. I don't know where Caltrain parkers have
gone or maybe some Stanford folks. I'm not sure who else. There is lots of
open space as you get close to the creek. Maybe they've found parking
spots other places. Maybe we should find out where they found them, so
that some other people could go there as well. I don't know what they've
found. Maybe over by Caltrain. I think we're headed in a good direction. I
appreciate—I know that, Sue-Ellen, you and Jessica have spent hours on
this, and I really appreciate it. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Ms. Atkinson: If I can speak to the question about permit differentiation?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Please, yeah.

Ms. Atkinson: Right now with the paper permits, there are different prefixes
that are on the permits. DTR is a resident, "R" for resident. DTE is for
employee. In the hangtags, they're different colors based on employee
versus resident. In terms of the standard price employee permits and the
reduced price permits, there was a conscientious decision for those to look
identical, so that cars could not be determined which type of permit they
were. Those either have the DTE paper permit or a blue hangtag.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you for that reminder. Can you tell what tag
belongs to whom? Can whomever is checking the car tell who owns the tag
or are the tags being traded around at this point?

Ms. Atkinson: The paper permits are vehicle-specific, and they have the
make, model and license plate number and color on it. The enforcement
                                                                      Page 50 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
