                             MINUTES
interconnected, provided for conservation, and was innovative in many
ways. The bridge was designed to be as light and transparent as possible.
Structural members and the bridge deck were only 18 inches deep; the
bridge reached 18 feet in height over the Baylands. Over Highway 101, the
arch and cable net created a cathedral-like space that gestured skyward.
The bridge deck was curved and reflected the graceful contours of the
Baylands. The design avoided structure in the medians, tower supports in
the Baylands, and did not conflict with a gas main. Steel arches were one of
the most cost-effective structure types.      The bridge was visually and
physically light. The bridge was to be driven into place, which resulted in
closure of the freeway for only one night. Shortcut stairs were located at
either side of the freeway, which allowed for direct access. The lighting
design balanced pedestrian safety while minimizing environmental impacts.

Marcel Wilson, HNTB Corporation, reported the bridge would be
transformative, increase public health, and increase enjoyment of the
Baylands. Amenities included a tire station, water fountain, bike storage, a
restroom, and seating. The area was to serve as a departure point for an
outing in the Baylands, or as a destination in and of itself. The vernal pool,
boardwalk, and restroom were located on a lower level and the design and
elements could adapt to sea level rise.

Ned Kahn, HNTB Corporation, designed a thin metal element to make the
wind visible.

Mr. Carson advised that the team met with local environmental groups
regarding bird safety. Research demonstrated that bird diverters were
effective. Subsequent to the design competition, the height of the bridge
was reduced 20-25 feet and an on-grade ramp was added to the north side.

Judith Wasserman, Jury Chair, was surprised to receive submissions for the
competition after she read the stringent design guidelines. Juror Burrows
was familiar with many team members and their work. The three teams
were chosen based on their qualifications and experience rather than a
design. The TAP reviewed only written and graphic materials. She was
astounded by the quality and beauty of the three designs. Four of the five
jurors favored the HNTB team; she noted that the public presentations were
unusual. Both designs were wheelchair accessible but the design and build
process was not complete until the ribbon cutting ceremony was held. She
encouraged the Council to follow the direction of the jury.

Keith Wandry was appalled by the cost of the proposed bridge and
suggested a simple bridge at a lower cost because it could free up funds for



03/16/2015                                                             117- 102
