                         TRANSCRIPT
Motion was made to add them to the budget. Two relevant quotes from this
meeting, about Page 439 of that large report. Council Member Scharff asked
Chief Nickel, "Do you agree we need additional defibrillators?" Chief Nickel
said, "I do agree." A little bit later Ron Watson, Police Captain, said, "We'd
love to put one in every police car."           Additionally, we suggest the
renegotiation of the service maintenance contract of all of the AEDs when it
expires in December to reduce or maintain the yearly cost of 12,000 with
the $3,000 contingency fee. We feel that this should cover all of the 103
now AEDs with no additional fees. In conclusion, we're also very supportive
of Chief Nickel's vision to revise the Fire Code to require new businesses to
add a publicly accessible defibrillator in their lobbies. It is a very modest
investment certainly to save lives. We ask that you procure 25 more AEDs
for City vehicles and parks. I've indicated those in the attachment that was
sent. AEDs do save lives. Thank you for adding these to the 2016 fiscal
budget. On another topic, off topic, I support the need to eliminate fees for
single-story overlay applications.

Stephanie Martinson, Racing Hearts: Thank you, Councilmen, for letting me
speak. I'm the President of Racing Hearts, as Annette said. Two years ago,
City Council did a wonderful thing by increasing the heart safety of our
community. Because of you, I'm happy to share that we were able to get 52
AEDs and that we handpicked high-risk locations. The results of the very
first year, saying that they were used nine times in the very first year. What
you guys did—thank you so much—was definitely looked upon at other
communities. Because of you, Mountain View decided, "I'm going to put an
AED in every single police car." They did, and they did it very efficiently.
What we're asking for you is to match the standard of care, that an AED is
put in every police car here in Palo Alto, just like Mountain View, Los Gatos,
the City of Santa Clara. In addition, we've already worked out the numbers.
The maintenance program that you guys currently have can absolutely be
reduced by 40 percent. Just go out and rebid it. I'd like to say thank you to
Annette and to other people who have truly worked so hard; Councilman
Scharff and Liz Kniss and Pat Burt, who have helped spearhead this
initiative. Thank you so much.

David Hammond: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. As a runner
or actually a fast walker in Greer Park, I didn't realize there wasn't a
defibrillator there. As an 82 year old, I have some interest in there being
one there. Off subject, of course. My name is David Hammond, and I'm
here to ask for the waiver of the single-story overlay fees. I've lived in
Metro Circle for more than 50 years and, for more than 40 years, was a
structural consultant to the many creative architects in the Palo Alto area,
and had my office in Palo Alto. In addition to being a consultant, I taught
structural engineering at Stanford University's art and architecture
                                                                        Page 27 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
