                          TRANSCRIPT

that I and probably others will make sure to encourage younger people to
apply moving forward. The same thing applies more so for renters who
represent at least 45 percent of our community and frankly are getting more
negatively impacted by the policies that are occurring region-wide than
homeowners, much more negatively impacted by the policies that are
happening. Those will be two criteria. I agree that it could use more people
from south Palo Alto. I will be very much looking for that unicorn of a 26-
year-old renter from Barron Park, let's say. I very much appreciate Council
Member Wolbach's comments on the concerns that he has about the
negative kind of accusations and insults that are being hurled at people who
are offering to volunteer for their community. I think that has a chilling
effect on people volunteering for their community. I think that's a very
unfortunate thing. I hope that as we tweak and improve the Committee the
politicization of things and the personal attacks settle down a little bit. What
I loved was the Comp Plan Summit that we had, where we had 300 people
of totally different opinions that all came together, broke into subgroups and
had remarkably civil conversations about what they think is the best path for
Palo Alto moving forward. I think that we should encourage more of that
discourse and more of the negativity and insults that have been occurring.

Mayor Holman: Before we turn to Council Member DuBois for a motion, just
a handful of comments here that hopefully will, at least of some of them,
play into your motion. One point I think it's important to note, the vision
statements are going to be coming to the Council in order for them to be
confirmed or edited, revised I should say probably, before the CAC takes
them up. Is that correct? Or takes up those items.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. Currently the process we've
suggested would have the Council acting on the structure, vision and goals
of each Element, and relegating to the CAC the policies and programs to
implement those goals.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that clarity. Subcommittees, I think, are a
great idea and practical with this size group that's likely about to get larger.
How the subcommittees meet, there's an issue that's come up too about
transparency about how subcommittees meet. I don't see any reason why
the subcommittees can't meet in public places, and those subcommittee
meetings be noticed as well. How they're staffed or not, I'm looking for
suggestions and recommendations from Staff when this comes back. I
agree with what Council Member DuBois said already. The current Comp
Plan is the basis. You've got to start with something, and that's I think what
we've talked about. It probably doesn't need all that much, but does need
                                                                        Page 120 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
