                            TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:      You've never seen, like, the equivalent of a 'dig
once" as a "string once"?

Ms. Hovis: I really love that idea actually. They are your poles. I've never
seen anything quite like that. I mean, AT&T may build some underground
fiber. As Jonathan said, they're only building incrementally. "Dig once" is a
very fine strategy. As far as on the poles, though, I'll say that in our
experience where companies in the past have agreed to build additional fiber
for cities, it's been for internal city use under what's called an INET model.
It's always been restricted to city use only and couldn't be used for
commercial purposes. It was never as extensive as this. It's certainly worth
exploring, but I think it might be quite challenging.

Council Member DuBois: I think we should remove Comcast. I think if AT&T
is subject to co-build in San Francisco and they're laying conduit to support
their GigaPower boxes, we might as well have the discussion if they're going
to be stringing more fiber.

Mayor Holman:     The suggestion by Council Member Berman or the
amendment was to remove Comcast and AT&T. You are agreeable to
removing Comcast?

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Council Member Berman: That's fine.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, you're good with that?

Council Member Burt: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part F, “Comcast.”

Council Member Berman: Moving forward with RFI, exploring both muni
model with contractors for build—what's that?

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Berman: Yeah. I guess, how much time do we want to put
into that right now given that we don't know what the marketplace looks like
and what realistic options really are versus waiting on that until we get more
                                                                       Page 62 of 130
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/28/15
