                          TRANSCRIPT
housing, I'm just talking about housing here—serve us well. We should be
compacting how we build our housing close to our centers of transportation
and community. There was in Goal L-6, back to my birds, well-designed
buildings that create coherent development patterns and enhance City
streets and public spaces. This is proposed to be consolidated into a more
vague sustaining public places goal. I like that one; I like the buildings to be
consistent. I would like them to be safe for birds. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.          Arthur Keller to be followed by our final
speaker, Sea Reddy.

Arthur Keller: Good evening, Madam Mayor and Council Members. I am the
Co-Chair of the Comprehensive Plan Citizens Advisory Committee, but I'm
just speaking on my own behalf, not on behalf of the Committee. I just
want to make a couple of observations as I'm hearing the comments tonight.
The first thing is that almost every speaker, I think every speaker, talked
about housing. Only one speaker, that is former Mayor Judy Kleinberg,
talked about schools. Maybe there's a housing/schools imbalance that we're
increasingly having and that we should think about more. I also want to
observe that people talked about the kinds of housing that is needed. I just
want to give you some statistics on that that may be useful for your
deliberations. Less than 4 percent of the housing units in Palo Alto are
studio units. Less than 17 percent of the housing units in Palo Alto are one-
bedroom. More than half of the households in Palo Alto are one or two
persons. There's a lot of seniors, and no place for them to go. A lot of
young people, and no place for them to go except sharing larger units.
That's something to think about when we're deciding what kind of housing
might be appropriate and what kind we might encourage. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Sea Reddy is our final speaker this evening.

Sea Reddy: Good evening. I think we need to look at the housing situation
and how we approach these things. More than ten times better than what
we have today. We cannot isolate it and say this is only Palo Alto. We need
to look at geographically our communities we have surrounding us. I don't
see any difference between—I go a mile from Palo Alto, it's Menlo Park. We
have similar issues, similar challenges, similar costs. I think we need to look
at it as a region. Mountain View, Menlo Park, East Palo Alto. Try to uplift all
the people and jobs, all the things we do. One of the things I think we need
to seriously look at is taking the corporate money, the rich companies that
have a lot of cash sitting around. They are growing, and they want to grow.
They want to bring 1,000 people here, so I think we need to allow them to
enter into the housing market and invest privately. I'm not saying that
corporations should have their own buildings like in other countries, but they

                                                                         Page 50 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
