                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We do have a few speakers to speak to this item tonight. I
hate to do this to you. Let's see; we've got six speakers. I almost think we
have to. I tell you what. We'll set the timer for 2 minutes, and if you need
a third minute, just let us know. We'll try to keep comments to 2 minutes.
Gary Antonucci to be followed by Steven Grover. When you hear your name
called, if you'd come to the front, that'd be great.

Gary Antonucci, Moffatt & Nichol: Good evening, Madam Mayor, members of
the Council. I am Gary Antonucci with Moffat Nichol Engineers, the Project
Manager for the Adobe Creek design team.

Steven Grover, Moffatt & Nichol: I'm Steven Grover, the Project Architect.
We're going to combine our 2 minutes each to 4 minutes total if you don't
mind. We're here to request that the Council choose a third option, which
would be continuing to work with us to refine the design that you selected in
order to meet whatever budget target that you are interested in. A little bit
of background. Here's the 2011 planning cost estimate that whoever put
together did a great job. Here's what it is in 2015 dollars, $13 million. That
amount of money is—all of our cost estimates have consistently shown that
that amount of money is sufficient to meet your full wish list for this project.
Our estimates have come in between $12.2 and $12.6 million. Here's your
$13 million estimate when you consider it in 2015 dollars. We've recently
learned that you would like to consider a different construction or total
project budget. Here are just three of many variations that we have talked
about for reducing costs on the project. We'd be happy to go into more
detail about some of these for you. Staff has suggested that you have just
two options for moving forward with this project. Of course, there is a third
option, and that would be the normal option in a situation like this, to work
with the team and work with the design that you've already selected. This
option has some very significant benefits. First and foremost, it would save
the City a lot of time. It delivers the project much more quickly. An RFP
process typically takes at least 6 months, and it does not include design.
You would need to start a new design process after the RFP process and a
new community input process. Another major benefit is that we have
already achieved some major milestones on this project. We have a design
that the community likes, and we have a design that Caltrans thinks is
practical and feasible. It would take an unknown amount of time to get to
this same place with a completely new project. Another major benefit of
Option 3 is that we know this project intimately. We have invested nearly
2,000 hours of our own time over the course of more than a year in this
selection and design process for the City of Palo Alto. Therefore, we are
frankly in the very best position to either assist you with grant applications—
we just got $3 million for our client in Oakland, for example—or to work with
you on value engineering. We have a lot of creative ideas for your value
                                                                       Page 106 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
