                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Schmid: I just want to make the point that this savings you're
talking about from the "c" Motion in here will not impact the General Fund.

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Schmid:        How do you feel about that from a financial
perspective?

Mr. Keene: My view is that it mitigates against the Council concern of
spending money on something that might be better spent in a fungible way
in some other program. That being said, if the Council felt strongly about
this, we'd recommend reallocating this money towards some other parking-
related need within the Downtown parking district area, which could very
well mean doing better signage and painting at some other garage that isn't
in City Hall or something else.

Vice Mayor Schmid: The general question is from the parking perspective of
looking at the Downtown parking and all the changes we're going through
about signage and location and valet parking and new permits and so on,
would the re-signage in the garage be an effective tool in helping make
those decisions more efficiently.

Mr. Keene: I think so. What we're trying to say is it is more intuitive. It
would be more of a methodology that we would be deploying elsewhere. I
definitely know as it relates to the exterior signs, the pedestal signs outside,
the ARB made a very specific point in their review, and they had a lot to with
the design, of asking that this be a standard that gets replicated elsewhere,
so that when anybody goes to any garage, they start to see the signs right
away.

Council Member Berman: I view a lot of these projects differently. How
much would it cost—Jim's gone now. You might know by now, how much
would it cost to rebuild a new City Hall?

Mr. Shikada: A lot. Much bigger than the ...

Council Member Berman: More than $4 million?

Mr. Shikada: Certainly more than $4 million.

Council Member Kniss: He was involved in one, Marc, so he knows.

Mr. Shikada: I think it was $270 million in (crosstalk).

Council Member Berman: In San Jose. Thanks, Ed. I was just thinking
during the presentation the differences between our City Hall and how
                                                                         Page 24 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
