                          TRASNCRIPT
allow us to survey them, discover their needs better and develop this
program throughout the year. Those are just a couple of examples. I'll be
happy to come back and report how we are pursuing this further throughout
the year. Our biggest hurdle right now, because of the passion that we have
behind it, is to remind the librarians that this is a three-year Plan; we don't
have to accomplish all of this over night. Right now they are working hard
to do that. Thank you.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: For us, this is a living document. The Library Advisory
Commission appointed a subcommittee to work with us on this through a
couple of different drafts. We revisit it annually as a group, and we will
continue to use our data as a way to gather information from all of our users
and constituents. We are always very eager to find out from the non-user
why they're not using us. That's just one of the ways we'll continue to follow
this. The LAC, I have to say, has been very diligent about following our user
behavior, keeping up with user comments, encouraging us to find ways to
better respond to the community. As Eric pointed out, we will be adding the
expanded hours effective Tuesday, September 8th. You all have the new
handout about that. If you're interested in data, we have data galore, and
we have quite a few different resources that we're happy to make available.
Most of these items are available on the Library's website or through the City
and State library information. If you or anyone else in the community would
like to contact me, there's my contact information. We're happy to answer
any questions that you have.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Colleagues, questions? I have one
member of the public who wishes to speak to this item. Questions? We can
do that first. Bob Moss, and you'll have three minutes.

Bob Moss, Library Advisory Commissioner: Thank you, Mayor Holman and
Council Members. As a member of the Library Commission, I want to
emphasize that we have been working closely with the Staff and with the
community to find out what the public wants in the way of Library services.
I think we've been providing it. We understand what people want and need
is changing over time, and we're trying to be ahead of it. I wanted to put it
in a little different perspective: the way the Palo Alto Library compares with
other public libraries nationwide. You may not realize it, but last June the
American Library Association had their conference in San Francisco. It's the
first time they've met in San Francisco in 14 years. I attended the meetings
and spoke to a number of librarians nationwide. One of the things that
interested me was a lot of the programs and activities that they're talking
about instituting, like having Maker for teens, having community rooms and
meeting rooms where teens and people can get together and study or talk or
just congregate, teen programs, programs and activities for children. These
                                                                         Page 5 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
