                          TRANSCRIPT
their project and they say, "You have to rezone the project, because that's
the only way it can make money." It's the same idea here.

Vanessa Warheit: Hi, good evening. My name is Vanessa Warheit. I'm a
longtime Palo Alto resident. I'm a renter in Palo Alto, and I'm a mother of a
9-year-old boy. I'm here to strongly advocate for keeping the 16.5 cent
rate. I firmly believe we need more locally generated clean power. The
litany of evidence you've heard tonight attests to the fact that we need that
16.5 cents in order to make that pencil out. I was at a recent workshop held
by our chief resilience officer to collect ideas from the community. I can tell
you one of the most popular ideas hands down was to become our own
power plant and generate as much local power as possible. A big reason for
that is resilience, whether it's an earthquake or a flood. I would like to point
out that Texas, which just a few years ago was in the same state we are
now with massive drought, was under 40 feet of water this week with
several people still missing and many injured and dead. Flood is a possibility
here. Earthquake is a distinct possibility here. We need to be as resilient as
we can be. Relying on an aging grid is not resilient. I want to urge you to
think about the legacy that you're leaving to our children when you make
these decisions.

Craig Lewis: Thank you, Mayor Holman, Council Members. I am the
founder and Executive Director of the Clean Coalition. You've heard from
me before, so I'm going to keep my comments brief. I'm going to try to
enlighten the Council with a couple of examples from around the country
and around the world. The Clean Coalition has the mission to accelerate the
transition to renewable energy and a modern grid for many of the reasons
around resilience and environment that you've already heard, but also
around the area of economics. At the end of the day, it all comes down to
the economics. I want to share the way that a pilot program, which is what
Palo Alto CLEAN is. Palo Alto CLEAN is a pilot program to allow Palo Alto to
get some learning in the commercial market segment for commercial-scale
solar. Right now Palo Alto does not know how to do commercial-scale solar.
You can look upon the rooftops of the commercial buildings here, and you
can see that there is a big failure in the commercial-scale market segment.
Palo Alto CLEAN is designed to solve that failure. What we have to do in
order to make sure that it works is set a price that is going to attract the
market place to come. We set the price, as Jane Ratchye had indicated a
couple of years ago, at 16.5 cents, and it took a while before that price was
right. As the economics of solar have come down, the price has become
right. We've now got two real projects that are on the verge of happening,
the Palo Alto parking structures and the Unitarian Universalist Church.
These pilot programs work. I'm going to give you two examples. Los
Angeles Department of Water and Power, another municipal utility in
                                                                          Page 27 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
