                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff stated Mr. Reichental had outlined a cogent vision
for IT when he was hired and accomplished that vision. He liked the Hack-a-
Thon and requested another be held.

Mayor Holman requested a demonstration of the capabilities of open
government, particularly regarding the Budget cycle.

Mr. Keene noted the City was the first to institute an open government
platform.

Mayor Holman felt IT Staff was accomplishing the demand for more, faster,
and better.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman reported Council Member Questions, Comments and
Announcements would be heard immediately after Agenda Item Number 7,
and Agenda Item Number 4 would be continued to a date uncertain.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager, announced the Local Agency Formation
Commission (LAFCO) would conduct a service review of the 15 incorporated
cities and some unincorporated areas in Santa Clara County in 2015.
Mitchell Park Library had issued almost 2,600 new library cards since its
opening.    The Palo Alto Art Center was awarded a California State
Superintendant's Award for Excellence for the Cultural Kaleidoscope
Program. The Human Relations Commission sponsored a Senior Summit on
January 15, 2015 to discuss leading chronic and urgent needs facing seniors.
The California Park and Recreation Society selected the City of Palo Alto and
Group 4 Architecture as a recipient of the 2014 Award for Excellence in
Facility Design for the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center. The
creation phase of the online registration tool for the Business Registry was
almost complete.

Oral Communications

Mark Weiss' thoughts were in the context of Matt Liddicoat, Keith Lockhart,
and Sister Maria Immaculada of Holy Trinity OCD also known as Gloria
Acebo.

Omar Chatty reported the death count on Caltrain tracks since 1995 was
214.  Ten people had died in 2014, and two so far in 2015.          He
recommended Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) as an alternative to rail.


                                                                        Page 5 of 39
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 1/26/2015
