                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I think that's fine. I have a feeling this may not be
the end of how we go forth with this tonight.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “concentric ring zones”
with “micro zones as defined by Staff based upon demand.”

Council Member Wolbach: Staff did say that you still consider Phase 2 to be
part of a trial. This is still baby steps on the road towards improving the
parking situation. Of course, we'll be talking in January about a number of
other parking-related efforts and in spring about our smart signs and things
like that. This is just a piece of the puzzle and a step along the way.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I don't think this motion does anything to address
the problems that we've detected in Phase 1, which are limits on number of
permits sold. I think you started to get there on the distribution issue. I
still have a concern about the ultimate boundary of how far do we continue
annexation. We need a limit. We did Phase 1 with unlimited number of
permits sold. We sold about 1,500 business permits, and then there have
been about 500 daily permits purchased. That's how we got to 2,000. If we
continue this and we just expand with no limits, I don't think we're solving
the problem. We still have all these red blocks that are pretty much 100
percent full. I think we need to bring "Ca" back into this. I do think we
need to move forward with Phase 2. We shouldn't get stuck in Phase 1.
This is kind of extending Phase 1 in my mind. In terms of boundaries, again
I think instead of "B" where we conceptually approve just the neighborhoods
to be added to the Downtown thing, I'd actually like Staff to come back with
a absolute limit to the Downtown Parking District and an ability for new
neighborhoods to easily join a residential parking neighborhood that would
have different conditions than the Downtown neighborhood. It's kind of the
same sentiment, but not that they would just opt in to expand it Downtown.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Are you proposing a formal amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Not right now.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt:         Before I make a couple of recommended
amendments, I did want to make one more comment, one or two, on
supply. I think that one of the things that we will be able to look at perhaps
within the qualitative competition of the office cap is for office projects
Downtown, they potentially could help free up many of those private spaces
                                                                       Page 61 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
