                         TRANSCRIPT
a little more than that, then there can be the opportunity to transfer some of
the risk of the volatility of labor and material costs to a builder. Again,
recognizing they're in business, that the ability for them to deliver within
that type of context will typically come with some other kinds of constraints
on the scope of the project or the schedule or the method by which
construction is completed.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for that. Again, we know we have these
projects. We're starting to get the timing down. It seems like if we could
use some of those things, we could commit the money and maybe shift
some of that risk.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks for the update. Three areas of comment
and question. First, picking up on this question of estimating construction
costs and preparing for volatility and making sure that volatility of
construction costs is something that we're looking at every time that we're
thinking about where we want to invest and what we want to approve.
Speaking just for myself, I think it would be very helpful—I think Council
Member Berman mentioned something like this—including not just a number
of—not just your best guess about what the number would be about how
much something would cost, but giving us a range, saying it could range
from X to Y depending on the volatility of the construction market. I think
that's a useful approach for us and will help us make more informed
decisions and reduce the consternation later when things are volatile. We
know it's a volatile market, so just don't let us forget about that. Also, as
we're looking at a lot of major projects in the next few years, I think we'll
really need to ensure that we're prepared for excellent project management
from start to finish. There have been a couple of projects that we've fallen
down a little bit in the last few years. Some of those, we can say they were
due to external factors. Ultimately, the buck stops with the nine of us. Our
community looks to us, not to say that a contractor screwed us over, but
that we were planning and we were prepared. It's ultimately—it really does
fall to us to ensure that. We'll look to you, City Manager Keene, to tell us
exactly what you need to make sure that we have the best preparation for
excellent project management. If that means you need more Staff, if that
means you need consultants, if that means we need to spend more time
talking about this at our Retreat, that this needs more attention from a
Council Committee, just tell us what you need so that we can know that
we're doing everything we can to ensure the best project management
possible. Last area of comment for myself tonight. We'll be talking about
this more in our Action Item this evening, the issue of climate change. I just
cannot emphasize enough—I know you're all aware—I cannot emphasize
                                                                        Page 15 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
