                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I know we're running late; I wanted to get through
some more questions.      That definitely helped.    It just seems a little
backward. I know you're going to go into detail on those criteria, but I
expected an estimation against those criteria. It sounds like there weren't
any sites that met the criteria, so we got the list of everything possible.
There are a couple of empty lots on El Camino. I saw that there were some
comments that there was concern that it wasn't the best economic use of
that land. Some of those lots have been empty for a long time. 4120 El
Camino is the one with the big billboard on it. 3600 El Camino has two
adjacent properties that are fairly run down as well. Again, you may have
already looked at them, but I wanted to throw those out there. I was going
to say the same thing that Council Member Burt said about Cubberley. We
have too many things that want to go in there. I was interested in the Palo
Alto Square One. It's 15 acres, a central location. Can we negotiate harder
on that? What would it take? Was it the same Stanford Research call where
they said they weren't interested? Did we talk to them specifically about
Palo Alto Square?

Mr. Ghaemmaghami: Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Estate Division. We're
dealing with Stanford since it's a large organization. It's not like you're
dealing with a private landlord that can make a quick decision. When we
contacted their real estate division, everything that we brought to their
attention, the response was, "We need to discuss that with our land
committee." It wasn't something that they could make a decision quickly.
After contacting them several times, I thought dealing with Stanford would
be something better, that could be done at a higher level if you're trying to
set up a Public Safety Building on their land. Most of the responses were
"no, that's not going to work," "we have plans for that." They were not open
to working with us diligently to help us with this process.

Council Member DuBois: Do they own Palo Alto Square?

Mr. Ghaemmaghami: Yes, they do.

Council Member Burt: They own the land.

Council Member DuBois: We would have to negotiate with the leaseholder in
that case and Stanford as well.

Mr. Ghaemmaghami: A lot of Stanford properties, they own the land.
Developers enter into land leases with them. At some point, if the lease
runs out, then the building reverts to Stanford. I'd also like to point out we
talked about eminent domain a little bit. I've done a lot of eminent domain
work. I worked on the University Circle project (inaudible) and in Oakland I
assembled 41 parcels for the Uptown project. In the eminent domain
                                                                        Page 45 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
