                          TRANSCRIPT
of parallel to the Comp Plan. What we do on Caltrain grade separation and
of course High Speed Rail sort of lurking there in the background. Our
internal work, again, on how we can continue to recruit and retain key
employees. The Comp Plan, housing, Cubberley, two garages at least, and
of course hopefully getting the permit and the ability to move construction
again this year on the golf course. That's important for the golf course, for
our finances and actually for even other environmental reasons.            In
conclusion, I want to say thank you for a great year; to the Mayor and
Council for your leadership; to our community and ultimately really to our
employees. Hardly anything that we do can be accomplished without the
1,100 or so full-time and the other part-time employees. This is just a
picture we had up there after the Paris bombings that day, when we went
out and raised the French flag and lots of our employees wanted to assemble
outside to watch it, to show the reach and the caring that our employees
show extends to other places in the world. This is home for us, where we
work. I want to most of all thank them for their work this year. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Just a brief comment here. Having the
privilege of being in the Mayor's chair this year, you get to spend a lot more
time in City Hall, and you get to see much more intimately the dedication
and commitment of our City Staff workers. I want to extend my personal
appreciation to the Staff that are here and the Staff that aren't here for your
dedication and hard work that's represented in the City Manager's
presentation this evening. Thank you, Jim. Thank you, Staff.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Holman:    With that, we go to Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions. Knowing of none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Holman: We go to City Manager Comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. Let me see how I can muddle
through this a little bit. It's the last meeting of the year. It's a lot of
complicated things on the Agenda. Suzanne, did you get me anything?
Thank you very much. I'm going to read some comments, and then at the
end I would like to provide a little bit of information, if it's appropriate, in
relation to a couple of items on the Consent Calendar on some questions
that we got late, that we were just not in a position to answer in advance,
but I can provide some little updates. I did want to let you know that on the
solar front, last week the Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto approved
a 129 kilowatt solar canopy, a project to be installed over its parking lot.
It's developed by local solar developer Komuna Energy. It will be the first to
                                                                        Page 11 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
