                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I think that would be sort of fun, don't you? The
little frivolous ...

Council Member Filseth: But no Council Members.

Council Member Scharff: That's really what I wanted to say. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: We could have Greg Scharff's footprints going up the wall.
Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Just real briefly. First of all, thank you folks very
much for doing all this. I think this is really cool, and I'm looking forward to
seeing sort of the next phase of it. I just wanted to weigh in on the Greg
Brown murals. We had the discussion briefly. Council Member Scharff
brought up the concept of sort of a balance of things that are sort of iconic
and lasting versus other things that rotate. For me those murals Downtown,
sort of the whimsical and the flying saucer through the building and stuff like
that, I think that's probably as close as we have in Palo Alto to something
that's sort of iconic and sort of part of our DNA and so forth. I would weigh
in on preservation of those. I wonder does Greg Brown have other work
that's not in Palo Alto? Under the right circumstances, maybe we could get
a hold of it and put it someplace else in south Palo Alto or elsewhere in the
City. Just a thought.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Seeing no other lights, I think you can tell by
the vast array and numerous comments that there's a lot of enthusiasm
about the Public Arts Master Plan. Go forth and produce. Thank you all so
much. Did you have any final comments you wanted to add?

Ms. Halpern: Thank you.

Ms. DeMarzo: Thank you very much.

Ms. Goldstein: Very helpful.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all. Thank you all a great deal.

Ms. Halpern: Thank you for all your comments. Appreciate it.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, could I ask one question? The
original from the centennial in '94 was done by Greg Brown of the hats. Do
you remember the hats in the poster?

Mayor Holman: Mm-hmm.

Council Member Kniss: Does that ring a bell?
                                                                         Page 16 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
