                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: All right, I'll withdraw that one. Below "g"—maybe
Council Member Wolbach was trying to get to this. You specifically call out
restaurants, nail salons and financial institutions. I propose an Amendment
that says "limit other retail uses to no more than a defined percentage of the
district." The idea is to have an Ordinance that adapts with the times. If
any use becomes particularly popular, it would not dominate the area.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “limit other retail users to no more than a
defined percentage of the California Avenue district.”

Mayor Holman: Do you have any thought of what—financial institutions,
restaurants and nail salons ...

Council Member DuBois: That's nail salons today. It could be tattoo parlors...

Council Member Scharff: I would second your Motion, but it should say
"California Avenue" rather than "district." The "district" is too weak from a
retail point of view to be concerned about anything but California Avenue in
terms of limiting the types of retail.

Council Member DuBois: Are you reading these other clauses, "e," "f," and
"g," to be specifically just on California Avenue?

Council Member Scharff: That's correct; I am.

Council Member DuBois: That would be fine.

Mayor Holman: I would accept it then.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “limit other retail users to no more than a defined percentage on
California Avenue.”

Council Member DuBois: On "j," at the end of that—it isn't "j" any more.
It's "k" now. Any demolition required for ground-floor requirements and for
the P&TC to review and update Section 18.16.050 particularly Clauses (a)(5)
and (a)(6) to ensure ground-floor retail.

Mayor Holman: I'll accept that.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to add a new clause, "o." To clarify that
we don't want parking transferring from restaurants to office space
conversions. I would leave it there, capturing what we discussed which the
City Attorney wasn't clear.
                                                                        Page 75 of 123
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/18/2015
