                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That's good then. I don't need the amendment then. We'll
see how that works.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
add to the Motion, when a project Staff Report is written that requires a
formal written interpretation as referenced in Municipal Code Section
18.01.025 the description of that determination shall be called out in the
Staff Report.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Holman: Again, thank you for your patience on that. With that, I
don't have any other lights. The Motion is Council Member DuBois moves,
seconded by Council Member Wolbach, to approve changes in Group 2 with
Staff's suggested changes to the Americans with Disabilities Act language
which was adding the word incremental language, and with changes to
Zoning Code interpretations and interpretations of land uses in order to
include process to bring an informational report to Council quarterly. With
that, vote on the board please. That is approved on an 8-0-1 vote with
Council Member Burt absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Burt absent

Mayor Holman: We are on Group 3 which is ordinance pages 15 to 21.
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I want to be sure that I'm clear. Right now with
our basically medium to high-density housing zoning, we don't have any
minimums currently in Code. Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, no minimum density. That's existing in the Code and we're
not touching that.

Council Member Wolbach: There is no stipulated minimums, but the existing
Code also does not say there is no minimum. There just isn't a minimum,
and minimums aren't addressed at all in the current Code. I'm looking
specifically at page 15 of the draft ordinance. The point of this is to codify
what our practice has been which is to recognize that even if something is
zoned RM-15, RM-30, whatever, you could still do a project that's only one
housing unit.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't know about anyone else; I'm not going to
support codifying that. I don't think that that's a great idea.

                                                                       Page 72 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
