                          TRANSCRIPT
community. I ask you all again to please consider keeping Buena Vista
open. Thank you.

Dianne Jenett: First of all, I'd like to thank the City Council for all that
you've done so far and having the deep consideration for all the issues. I've
had the privilege of going to all of the hearings, hearing all of the testimony.
It's really changed me in profound ways. I'm guessing it probably has you
too. I've lived here for 35 years in Palo Alto. My daughter went to school
here. I've paid taxes, parcel taxes, all kinds of things. I've always been
proud of this City. I've known it when it was probably more liberal and more
diverse in many ways. Certainly more kinds of people could afford to live
here. At the core are the things that people have been saying here all night,
that we really need to do everything we can to keep Buena Vista intact and
the beautiful community that it is, not only for them, but also for us. I just
want to say as a taxpayer what I would prefer is to come to some amicable
decision about all this. I know there are a lot of things that are gray here,
and there are some decisions that you all might have to make in spite of
what your legal counsel is saying. I for one, and I know I speak for a lot of
other people in Palo Alto, nothing would make me prouder than for my tax
dollars to go to defending the right of people to live here in the City. Thank
you.

Lydia Kou: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. I'm here today to
address the fact that schools are very important, not only to children, but
also the value of homes here in Palo Alto. I was privileged to be asked to be
a co-chair of the recent tax initiative for the Palo Alto Unified School District
Measure A. Needless to say, I'm sure everybody knows on May 5th Measure
A won by outstanding 77.9 percent.            It goes to show that Palo Alto
understands education is very important, and it does affect a child's life as
well as our values.       I hope that the appraisers will take that into
consideration. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Next we will go to the representatives of the two groups.
First we will have 10 minutes from the appellants, representing the
Residents Association.

Mr. Zahradka: Thank you very much, Madam Mayor and Members of the
Council. My name is James Zahradka. I'm with the Law Foundation of
Silicon Valley. We proudly represent the Buena Vista Mobilehome Park
Residents Association.     Council cannot approve the closure application
tonight. I'll tell you why and what steps should be next. First of all, we
stated repeatedly our position that City Staff is incorrectly interpreting this
Ordinance. The proposed decision treats the appraised value plus a rent
differential plus actual moving costs as a cap on the relocation amount. The

                                                                         Page 10 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/26/15
