                             MINUTES
Vice Mayor Schmid advised that numbers effectively demonstrated that
office development and job creation continued to grow faster than residential
housing.    The Substitute Motion was an attempt to initiate a debate
regarding a limit on development.

Council Member Filseth explained that an annual limit would slow but not
stop office development in order to allow housing to grow. The high
concentration of jobs relative to housing increased housing rates. Adding
new office space near mass transit did not reduce car trips. The difficulty
with the Motion was measuring outcomes. The Substitute Motion addressed
the heart of the problem.

Council Member Kniss noted the Downtown Cap reported office space grew
by approximately 10,000 square feet per year. Office space in Downtown
had not grown at an incredible rate. She questioned whether the cap
contained in the Substitute Motion would apply to all nine areas or only
certain areas.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to direct Staff to analyze and
report back to the Council within 45 days the impact implemented (on a
temporary basis as the Comprehensive Plan is developed) of immediate
zoning changes to include:

A. Chapter 18.52 change the parking requirements only for general business
   administrative office, professional and general business offices and R&D
   space to 1 parking space per 125 sq. ft. until sufficient data is available
   from the Business Registry to modify;

B. Expand ground-floor retail protections Citywide and prevent conversion of
   retail to office; and

C. End exceptions in Zoning Ordinances. Staff to provide a complete list of
   current exceptions and suggestions on which to modify.

Mr. Keene interpreted the Amendment as asking Staff to analyze and return
with the impact of listed changes. If passed, the Council would not be
directing to Staff to make those changes. He was unclear whether the
Substitute Motion directed Staff to analyze the impact of the stated caps.

Council Member DuBois suggested the intent of the Substitute Motion was
for Staff to analyze the impact for the Comprehensive Plan Update. The
Amendment directed Staff to analyze potential immediate changes to the
Ordinance.


03/02/2015                                                             117- 45
