                         TRANSCRIPT
is seeing that level down or so and identifying in that particular performance
what the issue is.

Ms. Figone: It's really down on words that can be vague. That's where the
facilitation comes in and spending the time in your sessions, so that we can
get at those more substantive issues. I can see. I think that's some of
where the CAOs are asking for, that we keep that in mind as we facilitate.

Chair Burt: First, any other feedback on the set of questions and how
they're structured, both content or the structure. Marc had talked about
whether we want more gradations in the responses. Also just the particular
questions (inaudible) recall the questions that we had in past years. These
were somewhat different. Are we okay with going forward with these?

Ms. Figone: Maybe just to draw your attention if you wanted to look at the
sample that Pat's talking about. If you look at Attachment 5, we have the
City Auditor as an example. What we did is similar to what the former
consultant did. Essentially we took the indicators of performance for that
job classification. The City Auditor has performance indicators, the City
Manager, the Attorney, the Clerk. We put that into a survey. If you look at
Number 1 in the Auditor's Attachment 5. It's assessing the Auditor on
overall products and reports, exceptional to poor. The subset that I was
describing that we might rethink in terms of the area of strength meets
expectations (inaudible) development. We might just get rid of those
bubbles but leave how overall products and reports, Number 2 I'm sorry, is
defined. That's that list below Number 1, which is in Item 2. That defines
what overall audit products and reports means. We could simplify it, but to
Pat's question, this attempts to allow you to rate the CAO using the
indicators of performance that the City has adopted for the CAO. There's an
area of comment allowed for each of those.

Council Member Berman: The questions that I recall from the past and as I
look back over this, it might still apply here. The difference between
department leadership and Staff leadership and management, just having a
better understanding of what those differences are as I answer the
questions. Depending on how you interpret it, they could kind of mean the
same thing.

Ms. Figone: Marc, that's a great question. What question was that?

Council Member Berman: It's 13, 14, really 13 and 16 essentially.

Ms. Figone: if you look at 13, 13 would be defined by the indicators of what
positive department leadership is under Item 14. Maybe to help what you're

                                                                                    Page 13 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
