                          TRANSCRIPT

access that. Previously there were stairs that reduced the ability of the
public to use the path. Here at Paly, construction impacts on campus closed
off an existing path. Following complaints from the community, we worked
with the School District right after school started to collaborate to construct
a new pathway right through the driveway. As Josh mentioned, we are
currently bringing forward some recommendations to rethink some of our
current projects. I wanted to briefly discuss that before we hear your
thoughts on the Bryant Street bicycle boulevard update. Bryant Street is the
nation's first bicycle boulevard. Palo Alto is still looked to as a leader for the
changes that were made on Bryant to reduce the levels of motor vehicle
traffic to create a safe space. The kind of changes we're looking at aren't
too significant. Nevertheless, we haven't had broad support from the
community for these changes. There have been a lot of questions about on-
street parking changes proposed near intersections. Some of these changes
are proposed due to visibility concerns. We want to go back and take a
closer look and do the parking occupancy studies before we advance this
project. We heard a lot of feedback from parents that they let their kids on
Bryant Street, but they're uncomfortable on Bryant Street Downtown due to
the parking maneuvers with the diagonal parking and also just the increased
traffic volumes. We'd also like to revisit the Downtown segment of the
Bryant Street bicycle boulevard update, do more engagement with the
business community. We didn't get a lot of turnout from those stakeholders.
The other change, which was very well received by the community at the
last meeting we did, was to remove the high-visibility green markings
throughout the residential portions of the bike boulevard based on
community input. We really do want to continue to utilize those treatments
but not in a broad-brush manner, just using them at high conflict points, so
we can really preserve their effectiveness. The next project we are also
recommending rethinking is the Homer Avenue and Channing Avenue
enhanced bikeway. Similar to the Bryant Street bike boulevard, we had a
lack of Downtown business involvement. We're proposing some pretty
significant changes. Before we move forward with this type of plan, we'd
like to look at some less drastic concepts that still meet the project goals.
We would like to focus more on the issue of connectivity between the Homer
Tunnel to Downtown, really facilitating the north-south movements that are
needed in the Downtown area for cyclists. Finally, thank you very much for
approving the Park Boulevard and Wilkie Way concept plans at the end of
August; we have been moving forward. One of the items that we identified
when we came in August was the need for additional community meetings
due to lower turnout from the Stanford Avenue area. We held that meeting
earlier this month. Following the meeting and in conversations with many in

                                                                            Page 4 of 80
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 10/26/15
