                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Yeah.

Council Member Scharff: I'd second that.

MOTION: Mayor Holman moved, seconded by Council Member Scharff to
ensure that Policy L-8 will apply citywide moving forward.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm looking at these maps, and the one, L-6 ...

Mayor Holman:     I need you to speak into your microphone, if you would
please.

Council Member Filseth: I'm looking at these maps, and the one from L-6
and the one from 1988, which delineates the nine areas or appears to
delineate the nine areas referred to in the Comp Plan; they're different
maps. The one for 1988 looks like it includes the Med Center and some of
these other areas. I personally am not prepared at this point to feel
comfortable agreeing with the 1.7. I agree with going forward in the
Citywide, but to inculcate the 1.7 into this motion I won't support it. I think
there's too much doubt as to whether we've hit it or not, particularly looking
at this map.

Mayor Holman: City Manager.

Mr. Keene: I was just going to say we've covered this already. The
Comprehensive Plan is not a static document. It was amended as part of
the Stanford Development Agreement to explicitly clarify that the Stanford
hospitals were not included. In one sense, that action negated that aspect
of the 1988 or the 1989 map. I would still go back to something that
Council Member Burt said. You have complete discretion on a going-forward
basis of what numbers you guys ultimately want to set on any of this. To
think about the cap without thinking about the pacing would be a mistake
anyway. You could have whatever number you wanted, and you could set a
pacing number, and you could say there's 10,000 square feet a year and it'll
take 100 years to get to whatever the cap is. Seems like you have enough
on the plate now to get to the CAC with us coming back to the DEIR and this
other stuff in the new year to then have a more informed, more granular
discussion about where you're going.

Mayor Holman: David, if you wouldn't mind, would you take out "civic uses"
just for (inaudible) with that. Council Member Burt, did you have a
question?


                                                                       Page 120 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
