                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: Good, thanks.

Mayor Holman: I had one other question. I actually concur with Council
Member Kniss' comments. We want to leave ourselves some discretion, but
we want to make sure that the process is clear enough that somebody
coming forward isn't at the discretion, if you will, of depending on who's
sitting in the Attorney's chair or who's sitting in the Planning Director's chair.
We want to be clear on what the process is. How we do the review is a
whole other thing. I had one other question, though, about 18.79.030 on
page 2, Number 5, zoning text amendment. I wanted to be clear. Does that
mean a zone change? If that means a zone change, unless of course it's a
PC or something of that nature. Let's just say something could be zoned
RM-15 and somebody comes along and wants an RM-40 designation. Why
are we exempting that?

Mr. Lait:   That would actually come under Item 4, the district map
amendment. If somebody wanted to go to 15, to 40 or whatever, that
would qualify under a district map amendment.

Mayor Holman: Point noted. Thank you very much. The other thing—
maybe this is a separate dialog. It's always seemed to me that if someone
is going to apply for something that requires a map change or a map
amendment, that that ought to be on a higher level even than this. It's like
do we want to change this, do we want to consider. I think it would be
helpful for an applicant. If we want to consider moving from RM-15 to RM-
40, why don't we look at that first instead of in conjunction with a project?
It seems like it would be a big waste of time on the part of an applicant if
the community has no interest or the Council has no interest in going from
RM-15 to RM-40.

Mr. Lait: I agree. I feel like that's what this process is. If somebody does
have an interest in changing the zone, they would—they'll spend some time
to vet out a concept so that they're not just bringing a blank canvas to the
Council, but some kind of schematic of what is being envisioned. If the
Council was not interested in making that kind of amendment, I think that's
exactly the kind of comment that would be helpful in this process. I think
that's what this is about really.

Mayor Holman: I have lights from Council Member DuBois, Burt, Wolbach
and Vice Mayor Schmid. Council Member DuBois.



                                                                           Page 49 of 80
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 10/26/15
