              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                               Special Meeting
                                                             December 7, 2015

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:06 P.M.

Present:    Berman, DuBois,      Filseth,   Holman,   Kniss, Scharff,   Schmid,
            Wolbach

Absent:     Burt

Study Session

1.    Prescreening of a Proposed Hotel Development at 744-750 San
      Antonio Road.

Mayor Holman: Our first item on this evening's agenda is a Study Session
regarding a prescreening of a proposed hotel development at 744 to 750
San Antonio Road. Does Staff have a presentation, please?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: We do.
Thank you, Mayor Holman and Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the
Planning Director. I'm joined by Sheldon Ah Sing who's managing this
project for Staff. This evening's prescreening is really akin to a Study
Session, so we're not expecting any action this evening. Staff does have a
real high-level overview, and then the applicant wants to present some
material as well, and then we'll hear from the public before we hear Council
comments and questions. The site is on San Antonio Road. It's currently
occupied by a number of low-scale buildings. The application was formally
submitted in July, and environmental review is currently underway. No
action can be taken on this project until that environmental review process is
complete; although, the ARB can meet to discuss compatibility during the
environmental review process. There's a site plan in the presentation. I'm
sure the applicant will show more detailed drawings here, but it's a real
high-level hotel proposal that's before you this evening. Our environmental
analysis is going to focus mostly on traffic and on historic resources. Neither
one of the analyses are complete at this point, but we do think that there is
a building on the site that technically qualifies as a historical resource, which
will mean that we have to prepare an Environmental Impact Report. This is
a picture of that building. Again, our analysis is not complete. As you see,


                                                                        Page 1 of 110
