                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Wolbach to approve the Minutes.
Looking for a second.

Council Member Burt: Second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to approve the April 13, 14, 20, and 27, 2015 Minutes.
Mayor Holman:      With that, vote on the board please.          Those pass
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
Consent Calendar

Mayor Holman: Now, we go to Consent Calendar. City Manager Keene, I
almost made you a Council Member. City Manager Keene, do you have
comments on Number 9?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes. Thank you, Madam Mayor. Just real
quickly. This is the VIMOC contract relating to the monitoring we're going to
be doing on some pedestrian and bike routes. I did want to just make it
clear that the imaging technology that we have through this contract will be
incapable of identifying individuals and record keeping is very limited. I did
hear a number of questions and comments, so I did want to ask the Council
to go ahead and approve the direction on the contract as recommended with
just this clarification that we would be pursuing adding some more explicit
language that results in a full privacy policy to ensure that both the nature
of the recordings and how they're transmitted and how long they're kept and
those sorts of things are spelled out in the contract. I would ask for the
Council's approval of Number 9 with the additional sort of direction to the
Staff when we finalize the contract, I'd go ahead and be able to sign it.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Kniss, did you have a comment
or question?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. Even though I will support an arrangement we
have made, I am still going to consistently vote no on Number 10. We have
a compromise we've gotten to as far as how Minutes will be included, but I
am still not in agreement with how we are going to do them long term. I've
forgotten how to vote no, so you can remind me.



                                                                       Page 28 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
