                          TRANSCRIPT
Mountain View. A couple of years ago, they got to work and did three
coordinated area plans or precise plans in about a year, year and a half.
Now, they're working on implementing them.            I think that that's an
important thing to do as kind of a shift in how we go about planning. There
are a couple that are highlighted in the old Comprehensive Plan Land Use
Element, but I think that we should have a goal that rather than relying on
things like Planned Communities, we should be focusing on a more inclusive,
thoughtful, community-led process like coordinated area plans as a regular
planning tool. I think we should also as a goal highlight the need to reduce
or at least not worsen our jobs-housing imbalance. If that means we need
to slow down on office development while we get our housing up to speed,
that means we need to slow down on our office development until we get
our housing up to speed. It's not enough to just freeze everything though.
We really do need to add housing for all the reasons discussed. I could go
on and on, but I won't on all the needs for that. I'd also really like to see us
encouraging our CAC to really think—actually one of the speakers mentioned
it—about ways to coordinate across various Elements to address big picture
challenges that do involve multiple Elements in the Comprehensive Plan.
Things like homelessness and sea level rise, where you can definitely
imagine more than a single Element in the Comprehensive Plan would need
to address these major challenges. I do want to empower the CAC to have a
broad and deep discussion and to use their best judgment about how to
engage the public and work with Staff so that when things come back to us
including a revisit of the Housing Element, that we will be well prepared by
what they have worked on and the discussions they've had with the
community. We've said that we want the Housing Element coming back,
and I want to make sure that we're ready for a really substantive discussion
with a lot of leg work done by the CAC. Sorry to give you guys more work,
but I think you're up to it. A couple other things. I guess I've got a little bit
of time, so I just want to say a couple other things. The impacts of
development, whether it's office development or housing development, just
specifically on housing. The impacts of development, whether it's traffic,
parking, whether we have enough park space per resident, whether we have
schools to support new people coming in, these are all very, very important
questions. They are solvable. I sometimes hear people say that they're not
solvable, so we should throw up our hands. Sometimes people really mean
it. Sometimes they're disingenuous. These are solvable problems. Just
because something's tough doesn't mean we shouldn't try. Although it's
been mentioned before, I'll mention it again. This is really a regional
problem. Sometimes people will say, "If you can't afford Palo Alto, go to
San Jose or go to Mountain View or go to Redwood City." If you look at
what's happening there, those places are pretty unaffordable to a lot of
people. Often people leave a place like Palo Alto because it's too expensive.
They go to Redwood City, Mountain View or San Jose and price out the
                                                                         Page 54 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
