                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Even if it's by 3 weeks, does it really make that
much difference? I mean, will it?

Mr. Shikada: Understood (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: Is there a monetary cost?

Mr. Shikada: More a process that won't be initiated in that period of time.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Given that you're fine coming back as well, I
still support Council Member Burt's motion to see how quickly we can get
through this. If you're willing to hang out, we will see how quickly we can
get through this. The substitute motion on the floor is to see how quickly we
can get through the Public Safety Building and parking garage item and then
potentially take up the parking garage. City Manager.

Mr. Keene: Not to put undue pressure on the Council, but would you have
any idea of what quickly might look like? If you would say we get to quarter
of 12:00 and you're still going, is that ... 45 minutes, okay.

Mayor Holman: I think reasonably we need to allow an hour. Pat? I think
reasonably we need to allow an hour, because we've got a Staff presentation
too. The range of an hour for Public Safety.

Council Member Burt: 45 minutes to an hour.

Mr. Keene:   We have a recommendation already.       We're ready for you to
vote.

Mayor Holman: Let's vote on the board on the substitute motion.           That's
passes on an 8-1 vote, Council Member Kniss voting no.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Kniss no

25.   Review and Accept the Public Safety Building Site Evaluation Study of
      California Avenue Parking Lots C-6 and C-7 for Construction of a New
      Public Safety Building and Public Parking Structure; Direct Staff to
      Proceed With Design and Environmental Review of a 3-Story Public
      Safety Building Meeting Zoning Requirements on Lot C-6, and to
      Proceed With Design and Environmental Review of a New Public
      Parking Garage on Lot C-7 That Will Provide Approximately 460 (160
      Net New) Public Parking Spaces.

Mayor Holman: With that, we will jump into Item Number 25, review and
accept the Public Safety Building site evaluation study of California Avenue
Parking Lot C-6 and C-7 for construction of a new Public Safety Building and
                                                                      Page 83 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
