                          TRANSCRIPT

just sort of test things out in a short period of time, just to see what
happens. It's a lot easier to try something, it doesn't work out, just move
away from it.

Council Member Berman:           I think it's a great idea.        For people
psychologically, they know it's just temporary. You can learn a lot. You
actually see what the impact is. I saw a lot of articles around the papal visit
to Philadelphia where they were going to close down like a 5-mile by 5-mile
stretch of Philadelphia. I think beforehand there was a lot of concern about
it. Afterwards, now there's actually a proposal to do that, to close down the
streets in downtown on various weekends on a permanent basis. People
want to implement it next year, in 2016. I think the Mayor came out and
said, "Next year? Let's do it right now." Clearly the experience that people
had from that was a lot more freeing than they were expecting. You don't
know that until you have to do it. It could be a fun way for us in Palo Alto,
the heart of Silicon Valley, to experiment a little bit and just kind of test
things out and see how it works. I'll be curious to see what ideas you guys
come back with.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I just want to say thanks on a few things
and just highlight and encourage a few things to continue. First, actually to
the City Manager and also Staff, I really want to say thanks on that contract
with VIMOC for the pedestrian-bike counters. Thanks for going back and
working in some privacy language into the contractual language just to
confirm that resident privacy will be not an issue with those bicycle and
pedestrian counters. I really appreciate looping back on that. Also, the
stress mapping and the community feedback, so the people can report on,
as you were saying, their rides and identify weak points on their bike routes,
a really great idea. I really want to encourage that. As a couple of others
have mentioned, the Class 4 bike lanes, very exciting, just absolutely has
my very strong support. I'm ambivalent but interested in considering more
about this question of whether we want to add more bike lanes and more
protected bike lanes on roads like El Camino and Middlefield or whether we
should try to encourage those bicyclists onto other streets. I think that
there are strong arguments on both sides. I definitely understand them and
look forward to a more robust conversation about that. It's a tricky
question, and it might vary from arterial to arterial. As far as the Matadero
Creek trail or the Midtown connector, I'm glad that you're utilizing a citizens
advisory committee, given the potential for that, but also some of the
concerns from people especially who live right adjacent to the creek. I think
                                                                         Page 21 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
