                          TRANSCRIPT
They outgrew it and then moved out. We had Google start here, and they
moved out. I think these are fine systems that we have in place and an
ecosystem in Palo Alto that's served us well, frankly, for the last 20 years
and, frankly, served the country well.         I mean, think of what we've
accomplished in Palo Alto in terms of companies that have started here and
the ecosystems that's built up around it. I think that's something that's
really valuable and important, not just to Palo Alto and who we are as an
identity. I mean Palo Alto's special, and I don't think we should throw that
away in all of this. I'd make the argument that I think we have to be—it's
important to be vibrant and think about who we are as a City. In terms of
housing, housing is obviously very important. I think that one of the things
on that list that was failed to be mentioned is we did actually put in the
Holbach project which I forget how many units. That's not on the list, but I
think it's like 80, 85 units or something like that. Then there's the project
on Birch Street which is also rental housing. I think those were the two
largest new rental housing projects we'd had in—I don't know. Someone
correct if I'm wrong, but I think it's probably ten years. Anyway, I think that
we actually have been building some new housing. I think we shouldn't lose
sight of the fact that we have been doing that. The other thing, I think we
need to step back a minute and think about the Medical Center. The 1.2
million square feet, I don't believe that should be counted towards what we
were thinking about in terms of the cap. I think if we wanted to ask
ourselves what's the difference of medical space. I think at the time we
were thinking it has very different traffic impacts than you would in office
space or R&D space. Given that, I think that makes sense. If that's not
true, if there are other reasons, if we wanted to look at ... What's really
important is the impacts, at the end of the day and where we were thinking
in terms of how the traffic and the community. I don't think counting the
1.2 million square feet makes sense, especially given where it's located and
the way we were thinking in the Comprehensive Plan at that point. Thanks.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I could just respond to that last comment.
I did want to make it clear, if we didn't do it sufficiently in the Staff work,
about the hospital complex. The Council actually took an action back in
2011 to explicitly exempt that square footage from the cap in L-8 and to
move it into what is called a non-monitored area on Map L-6. Council
Member Scharff, that has been the Council's position of longstanding.

Council Member Scharff:      No, that was my recollection.      In fact, my
recollection, it was unanimous that all of us that were on the Council voted
for it, Greg.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.


                                                                        Page 62 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
