                          TRANSCRIPT
and allow the residents to stay there and to allow it to be managed by a
mobile home park owner. I suggest this is a good way to go. Thank you.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan: There have been so many eloquent speakers. I'm
not as eloquent, but I do want you to know that the citizens of Palo Alto are
obviously in favor of the mobile home park remaining and the residents
staying with us. The children are our children as well. We have a moral
obligation to make sure that they have a good education. Your decision
tonight is extremely important. When I heard that they just want their
children, they just want their children to go to Stanford, I was shocked.
How could that be used as a negative? They want their children to go to
Stanford. That's all they want. Must think beyond this type of illogic, I
guess I'll call it. The last thing I want to say is if they're driven to Central
Valley, what makes you think that the lawyers who want to close mobile
home parks won't follow them there? Or San Jose or wherever. This is
reprehensible. I don't think the citizens of Palo Alto are going to tolerate it.
Your decision is very important. I've been speaking with a lot of fervor;
excuse it. You may have a solution in your back pocket. I know that
Supervisor Simitian has been working on that. Unfortunately, you perhaps
can't share what you are thinking and the way you're thinking and the way
this is going to be handled, but your decision is extremely important. We
are going to support these children and these families to stay here. Thank
you.

Robert Smith: Good evening. Some different thoughts you may not have
heard before. The Jisser family is, in my opinion, being badly treated by this
process and by much of the community. I'd like to ask you to address this.
Mr. Jisser, whom I don't know, has provided a substantial amount of low-
income housing over the decades, perhaps being the largest single provider
of such housing in the community. He's the owner and operator of a trailer
park that many residents have stood on this platform and said they loved
and wanted to keep open. Yet, he himself gets no kindness. His only
offense appears to be that, after decades of operating the park, he no longer
wants to do that.      The tenant/landlord relationship is always difficult,
particularly when City-imposed rent control keeps the landlord from
increasing rates to pay for increased costs in maintenance and operation.
Interestingly, the record shows that the landlord did not raise rents when he
could have and did not report violations. Both of these kindnesses now
increase the compensation he must pay. I was very disheartened on
April 14 when the Council spent a great deal of time praising the residents
and endorsing their cause, which I generally support, generally, but didn't
make any note of Mr. Jisser's substantial contributions. In this City, we
honor our high tech millionaires, billionaires even, like folk heroes, but
someone who spends his career providing low-income housing is held in
                                                                          Page 5 of 27
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/26/15
