                          TRANSCRIPT
about a $560,000, in a sense, surplus. This has nothing to do with the idea
of the different reserves that we have. After we make the allocations to the
Infrastructure Reserve or the Budget Stabilization Reserve and you take off
all of the revenues and all of the expenditures, this year there's this
$560,000 in revenue that is, in a sense, still available. That and other
funding sources we have, like some of the Stanford fund, are important,
because the Fire Services contract we have with Stanford is about $7.6
million a year. That's their contribution to Fire Services. If we come back
with a future service level that is less than that, then potentially we're going
to have to make those adjustments in the budget itself. The golf course
closure, again, could work in the other direction. Just restating what Walter
would have said. On the operational side of the golf course, we were
planning to close the golf course at midyear. As I think the Council is aware,
we finally got the Army Corps of Engineers formal notice of the project itself,
which was a necessary step to us getting the Regional Water Quality Control
Board certification of the project. I've written the Executive Director of the
Regional Water Quality Control Board last week or the week before, asking
for certification of our golf course project. These are key steps in us being
able to go ahead and start construction. Based on seeing the schedule we
saw, it looked like it would be at least two months later than our January
date, so we wouldn't be closing the golf course probably until March of next
year, which means we wouldn't lose quite as much revenue on the golf
course for next year, but it would be pushed over into the following year.
The next figures are on the operations side for Project Safety Net and which
the Policy and Services Committee will be taking up tomorrow night in
discussions about the future directions and different models that could be
available for the Project Safety Net consortium, that deals with the support
and operational issues around both the mental health and the response to
the contagion events that we've been having. We put initially funding and
this $118,000 figure for a new permanent Director for Project Safety Net.
It's clear that's been in the range of where we have been over the past
couple of years. We've had either difficulty in attracting the right kind of
person or being able to keep them. I met with Rob and some of our Staff
and I said I did not think for planning purposes that that was a viable
number and asked to increase it to $200,000. That isn't a decision about
what ought to be done; it's just to have sufficient planning and funding
available so that when Policy and Services works through the different
models, it could include spinning off a completely new not-for-profit or
whatever. We're indicating the level of Director that any effort is going to
have. It also leaves unspoken how we continue to work with the School
District in cost-sharing over the long term on whatever it is we do in Project
Safety Net. We thought it was critical to be accurate about the numbers.
We also have about a half year of funding Track Watch. I'm sorry, those
numbers seem too high to me.
                                                                          Page 17 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/8/15
