                         TRANSCRIPT
     Residential Water Service), and W-7 (Non-Residential Irrigation Water
     Service) to Increase Average Water Rates by 8 Percent.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Tonight we will consider adoption of a Resolution
amending various water rate schedules effective July 1st, 2016.

James Keene, City Manager: Jon Abendschein, Staff member from our
Utilities Department is firing up the report hopefully.

Jon Abendschein, Senior Resource Planner:            Good evening, Council
Members. I'm Senior Resource Planner Jonathan Abendschein, and I'm here
to talk to you about our proposed changes to our water rate increases. We
have quite a bit of information in the report. I won't try and go through it
all. Tonight we're asking you to adopt a Resolution amending our water rate
schedules to increase rates by 8 percent and to incorporate some
adjustments to the cost of service methodology. In March and April, the
Utilities Advisory Commission and Finance Committee unanimously
recommended 12 percent increases to water rates effective July 1st. Tonight
we're recommending that you split that rate increase to an 8 percent on July
1st. We'll come back to you later with a request to do the remaining four
percent effective September 1st. The reason for this is that right around the
time we sent the Prop 218 notice out for the 12 percent increase, there was
a court case published right about the same time that gave some additional
guidance on how to show cost of service in relation to water rates to comply
with the California Constitution. We asked our water rate consultant to take
a look at our methodology. They found the methodology was fundamentally
sound but recommended some slight adjustments to the way capacity costs
were allocated between the residential rate tiers and the customer classes.
In order to incorporate those adjustments into the upcoming rate increase
and to comply with the procedural requirements of Prop 218, we need to
break that rate increase into two separate rate increases, send out a second
Prop 218 notice to do the second part of this rate increase. The reasons for
that are described in-depth in the report. I'm happy to go into them in more
depth if you have questions. Otherwise, I'll just turn it back over to the
Council for questions. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We now move to the public hearing portion of this item.
The Council will conduct two public hearings on the water rate changes. The
first hearing is tonight, second hearing on June 15th. This hearing is
governed by Proposition 218. Before we begin the hearing process, the City
Attorney will provide some background on Prop 218.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Vice Mayor Schmid. Proposition
218 applies to property-related rates and fees. It has both substantive and

                                                                        Page 6 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/8/15
