                         TRANSCRIPT
happening between the existing building and the house.              This is the
architect's rendering of the project before they changed the top structure to
the umbrellas, but everything else here is the same. They have very
generously cut away this corner. We acknowledge that and thank them for
taking us into consideration. We feel that it's not quite enough. Part of our
house is facing this wall. This corner cut is not the full length of our
property line. The rest of it is still going to be shaded by this. They did
some shading studies; however, these weren't presented before any of the
Councils before us. The shading studies were done after the PTC hearing,
after the ARB recommendation. This is the shadow at noon in winter from
the existing building. You can see it doesn't reach our property line. For a
comparison, this is how it will look after at noon on the winter solstice. You
may have read in the Staff Report that there are minimal and insignificant
impacts of the shading. I don't know how they arrived at this conclusion. I
think what they were trying to say is that this little part right here is from
the elevator shaft or the stair tower; I don't know which. This part is
insignificant. That's probably true, unless we had solar panels. Clearly, you
can see the entire façade, the windows are all shaded. This is representative
of a third of the year; summer for a third, winter for a third, and the equinox
is for a third combined because of the elliptic orbit. I have prepared
remarks; let me just jump down to these. In the City Code, there are
regulations about the shading impact. This was not discussed before the
ARB. I would like to bring it to your attention here, because I would like you
to discuss it. Clearly, you're the decision-making body. This is part of the
commercial district Zoning Code. You can't see the yellow highlighting here,
but it says you need to be sensitive to surrounding land uses. This is
irrespective of the zoning. We know we aren't protected by residential
Zoning Codes, because we're not zoned residentially. However, we are
protected by these context-based design criteria, which are written in terms
of surrounding land uses. This is a residential use. Here you can see there
need to be transitions from higher density development down to lower
intensity surrounding uses. Care shall be taken to respect scale and privacy
of neighboring properties. The most important one for us at this point is
limiting sun and shade impacts on abutting properties. This is not very
specific. It's written to be up to your interpretation. You're the decision-
making body. I would like you to consider this today, what it means in this
specific situation. The applicant has claimed that, because their initial
proposal had a worse shadowing effect than this current one, they have
therefore limited the impact. I would argue that reducing is not the same as
limiting. Limiting is a term that's used when, for example, you're trying to
pass a smog check. There's a predefined limit of what's acceptable. I would
like you to discuss and consider what's acceptable. For example, you might
find that maybe neither level of the house should be completely shaded for
any entire day of the year, or maybe not for an entire month contiguously of
                                                                        Page 52 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
