                          TRANSCRIPT
historical records as we can, making it easier for Council and the public to
view these records. We're changing the way the Standing Committees and
the Council and public can view the agendas, minutes and videos online. I
will be starting the recruitment for the Assistant City Clerk position. It is my
honor to serve you, the City Council, and the City of Palo Alto in my new
role. I truly look forward to it and the challenges. Thank you for the
confidence that you have placed in me and my ability to move this
Department forward. I want to say a special thank you to Jim, Molly and
Harriet, the Executive Leadership Team, City Staff and my family for their
support and confidence. It's an honor and thank you.

Mayor Holman: I think the Council's confidence is well placed in you, Beth.
It's always a pleasure to be able to promote someone that's homegrown, so
to speak. It was a good candidate pool, and you were the top choice even
from a good candidate pool. Congratulations, and we look forward to your
next adventure. Thank you very much.

Action Items

10.   Finance Committee Recommends Adoption of the 2015-2020
      Consolidated Plan, 2015/2016 Action Plan and Associated 2015/2016
      Funding Allocations and Adoption of a Resolution 9508 entitled
      “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving the Use of
      Community Development Block Grant Funds for Fiscal Year
      2015/2016.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman and Council Members.          I'm Hillary Gitelman, the
Planning Director. I'm joined by Consuelo Hernandez, our Staff on this
Item. We have a super-fast presentation for you. This Item comes to you
with a unanimous recommendation from Finance Committee, but our Public
Participation Plan calls for a hearing at City Council. We will keep the
introduction very brief.

Consuelo Hernandez, Senior Planner: Thank you, Hillary. Thank you, Mayor
Holman, Members of the City Council. As Hillary mentioned, tonight we
have a very quick presentation for you on the Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) allocations. As you are aware, the City receives funding
annually from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD). One of the requirements under our Citizen Participation Plan is that
the City Council hold the last Public Hearing for these allocations. Tonight
what you have before you is the allocations for Fiscal Year 2016 as well as
the 2015-2020 Consolidated Plan, and the goals that we're proposing over
the next five years. The table up here just shows you where our funding is

                                                                        Page 19 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
