                          TRANSCRIPT
that the costs are individually related to the individual parcels reflected.
That's violative of Proposition 218. I object.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I wondered if Staff had any response to the issues
raised by the speakers.

Ms. Stump: Just on a couple of procedural points. The Staff in the
Attorney's Office have reviewed the 2012 study. It remains a valid basis on
which the Council can set rates. That was the basis on which the initial 45-
day notice was sent to the public.           Afterwards, with some additional
guidance from the court, in an abundance of caution Staff asked the
consultant to look again very closely at the rate study in light of the court's
additional comments.        The consultant did recommend some minor
adjustments. Those caused Staff then to recommend a set of increases that
are less than or equal to what was noticed to the public be brought forward
at this time. It is correct that a 45-day notice is required, but the Council
can do less or equal to the notice. You can't do more. That's what's
proposed here in terms of incorporating the minor adjustments that were
recommended by the consultant. I would also like to note for the Council
and the public that there's nothing in the State Constitution or State law or
City law that requires the Council itself to pass on the proposed rate increase
that's noticed to the public. There is a careful procedure that Staff uses to
consult with the UAC. Staff can advise whether the Finance Committee also
saw that proposed notice. Usually Staff attempts to ensure that that at least
occurs. Of course, the Council has to adopt the final rates, and they can be
no greater than what's noticed. If the Council, as a policy matter, wishes to
not adopt the level of rate increases that are recommended and then have
them noticed to the public, then that's a policy decision that you're able to
make this evening.

Mayor Holman: I do note that any Motion would need to be a tentative
Motion since this item is being continued to next Monday.

Council Member Scharff: I was going to make the tentative Motion then. I'll
make the tentative Motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to tentatively adopt a Resolution Amending Rate Schedules W-1 (General
Residential Water Service), W-2 (Water Service from Fire Hydrants), W-3
(Fire Service Connections), W-4 (Residential Master-Metered and General
Non-Residential Water Service), and W-7 (Non-Residential Irrigation Water
Service) to increase average water rates by eight percent..

                                                                         Page 10 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
