                          TRANSCRIPT
retiring quickly. The impact of a rate of increase in the salary will have a
long-term and immediate impact on our liabilities out front. It's important to
keep that in mind as we look to our future.

Council Member Burt: One thing that we didn't hear about was as we're
looking at setting up something that might be this new supplemental
pension trust. If we did something like that, I wanted to think through and
understand the impact of contributions to that trust and when and how
those would occur. It wasn't mentioned that what we face and government
faces in general is that our contribution rates go up as a result of diminished
returns on investment during downturns, which is the same time our
revenues have shrunk. It's a double wham-o. There's often a bit of a lag
between when our revenues go down and we have the contribution rates go
up, but that's now being contracted, that lag as well. This is what goes on
all the time. What happened in the dot-com boom era was we were getting
these phenomenal rates of return and at the same time cities and other
governments were flush, we had a reduction in the contribution that we had
to make. I think we have to acknowledge that pattern and make sure, if
we're setting up a new supplemental approach, that it anticipates that; that
when we get hit, we're going to get hit twice at once or pretty close one
punch after another. Whether we would look at maybe a hybrid approach to
contribution, if it's permissible, is something I'd be interested in. That we
have a certain minimum amount of either our General Fund revenue or a
percentage of all labor-related compensation or some amount that we would
pay every year, and then a supplemental amount that we would pay in on a
discretionary basis when we do have surpluses. The way it was set up on
some of those alternatives, it was kind of either/or. I thought it might be
more appropriate to look at a hybrid. We have a base level and then, in
flush years, we supplement it. That would help even out this whiplash that
we get. Also, one of the things that came up and others brought up tonight
is what will happen if we—if and when, I should say—likely have a further
reduction in anticipated CalPERS returns, because these graphs get off kilter
even worse when that happens. Whatever decision we make has to be in
that context. It sounds like the rate of return is going to go down at least to
7 percent—that's what Mr. Bartel indicated, and it could go lower—and over
what timeframe would that reduced rate of return be factored in at CalPERS.
Clearly if CalPERS is looking at 20 years to bring down their rate of return,
it's not because the rate of return will decline in actuality over that period.
It's because they're trying to soften the blow to everybody. Right? Is that
basically correct?

Mr. Perez: Correct. They're looking at a couple of options. Just got an
update today that I've got to work with the City Manager's Office on.
Apparently through the League we're being asked to provide input for
                                                                         Page 20 of 28
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/9/15
