                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth asked if those sources totaled approximately $200
million annually.

Mr. Fiedler answered yes.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether that was covered by ratepayers of
Santa Clara County.

Mr. Fiedler explained that much of the groundwater was used for water
retailers. Some private domestic wells and agriculture irrigation wells paid a
groundwater charge directly to the Water District. The Water District
wholesaled treated water to San Jose Water Company, the City of San Jose
and others who then paid the Water District.

Council Member Filseth calculated an average rate hike of slightly less than 1
percent for Water District customers if Palo Alto's subsidy ceased.

Mr. Fiedler understood it could not work in that manner. By law, the tax had
to be collected countywide.

Council Member Filseth presumed Palo Alto ratepayers would not pay the
increase because they did not use Water District water.

Mr. Fiedler was referring to the State Water Project tax. The tax was
assessed countywide; therefore, he was not sure if Palo Alto could be
excluded from collection of that tax.

Council Member Filseth asked if there was a technical problem with
excluding Palo Alto.

Mr. Fiedler indicated the problem was a legal one. If Palo Alto was excluded,
then the tax would have to be reapportioned among all other parcels.

Council Member Filseth inquired whether the Water District could give Palo
Alto citizens a rebate as mentioned by public speakers.

Mr. Fiedler clarified that taxes were not rebated to anyone in Santa Clara
County. The Water District offset its cost of services in south Santa Clara
County by the amount of money received through the State Water Project.
That was reflected in the groundwater report.

Council Member Filseth stated in principle the Water District could raise rates
1 percent, and send Palo Alto the difference.

Mr. Fiedler replied yes. The Water District could provide $3 million towards
recycling. The Water District cost shared funding for conservation programs.

03/23/2015                                                              117- 123
