                           TRANSCRIPT
we're all sitting up there in this false situation for six hours, not really having
conversations at all.

Chair Burt: The problem and the value is that under our open government
laws, we have requirements and limitations on what we can do. There are
pros and cons.

Council Member Kniss: You'd have to invite the public to the beer bust.

Ms. Egan: You could use a workshop setting. There are effective ways to do
that, that I'm sure you use already. Let you have a less formal (crosstalk).

Chair Burt: When we've had Retreats and Committee as a Whole, they take
on more of that nature. We're constrained in a lot of that.

Ms. Figone: To Mary's point, the setting can change, and that can change
tone. When you're up at the dais versus around a table ...

Ms. Egan: At a community center.

Council Member Kniss: We use the garage a lot. You think I'm kidding.
Many conversations take place after meetings in the garage, which is not the
best setting, but it's a chance to casually ...

Ms. Stump: As another forum for communication, we all have a lot of
communication with you. We try to do it individually quite bit. Having the
Council altogether as a group is really, really valuable. In an informal
setting in a Closed Session and a performance review, sitting around a table
is a unique opportunity for a dialog. Some of you may remember when I
interviewed this job, I asked to be reviewed four times a year. At that time,
Council was doing once annually and went to two. Four seemed like way too
much. I think we now have some experience with a really low key, major
check-in. I do appreciate the idea of maybe adding another one, not a huge
time commitment. Maybe you don't do it with all of us every time. If you
want to add that, it's informal. It's an opportunity for a performance review-
based conversation, which does allow you to use that Closed Session forum
and get together all as a group, instead of giving that individual feedback
which prevents you from hearing from each other, which is a big part of
what's valuable to us.

Chair Burt: This has been a great dialog.             Have you received all the
information you need?

Ms. Figone: Why don't we use the second summary as the quick checklist to
see if there's any agreement or opposition. Page 2 of the Staff Report.

                                                                                      Page 35 of 39
                                              Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript: 12/16/15
