                         TRANSCRIPT
Planning Commission in a very serious way.             We've now seen the
Commission all too frequently feeling or expressing a real frustration with
the policies and values of a majority of the Council and taking very much an
oppositional role even when policy direction has been provided to the
Commission. The role of the Commission and the request of the Council and
the direction of the Council is to support and provide additional depth of
analysis and recommendations within the parameters of what has been
adopted as a policy position by the elected body of this City. The only
elected body of the City. We've seen a whole series of really problematic
examples. When you've come back with the PC reform that we requested,
we wasted a great deal of time and Staff time and Commission time, and
consequently the Council and public time. The direction that was adopted by
a majority of the Council was not responded to. Instead a very different
direction was taken. We've seen that with the office cap, where we could
have very much benefited from depth on looking at how to make that
unanimous policy direction of the Council work more effectively. I'll just say
that that policy was not adopted because all nine Council Members went into
that and saw things exactly the same way. It was a consensus approach
and a compromise and a balance, but then it was unanimous direction of the
Council. The Commission didn't provide any beneficial input except to be
essentially what I would characterize as conceiving of themselves as an
opposing political body to the Council. Not as the advisory body appointed
by the Council to help support and add value to the Staff and the Council,
but instead taking a role as opponents. We even had one of the most
disconcerting and, I'll say, outrageous things that I've ever seen out of any
Board, Commission or Council that I'd been witness to. We had an issue
about whether to allow parking variances for seismic bonuses when a
building was torn down. We had a Commissioner accuse the City Council of
essentially reckless disregard for the public health and safety.          Four
Commissioners supported her position. I can't tell you how offensive and
wrong that was. It didn't understand the direction of the Council. It seemed
to be oblivious to the fact that the Council had actually taken a very
substantial action that's going on right now through the Development Center
to enhance our whole seismic upgrade program through both mandates and
incentives that will be coming back to the Council soon. In either event, if
you disagree with a recommendation, make rational arguments that you
think may be persuasive. I can't imagine under what possible scenario that
kind of statement would be viewed as constructive or of value not only to
this Council, but to the governance of the City. I'm also concerned that
recently—I want to ask for clarification, maybe from the Chair. I wasn't
aware that we have actually now—it wasn't a case when one was
appointed—we have two Commissioners who have significant financial
relationships with the largest employer in Downtown. I would like to know
whether those Commissioners have been recusing themselves from a series
                                                                          Page 52 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
