                          TRANSCRIPT
important for us to emphasize to the community, that that is the purpose of
these funds and this is an outstanding use of those funds. This is, as some
of the speakers pointed out, a question of community values and moral
values. For many decades, Palo Alto has had a strong commitment to
affordable housing programs throughout our community. This is the latest
and a very important part of that progression. This is not outside of those
values of schools and our community; it's fully within it and within the great
tradition that we have had of being committed to struggling to have diversity
in our community. That challenge, unfortunately, is not getting easier; it's
getting more difficult each year. That's the reason why we must take
advantage of this opportunity to help this great site become a long-term
reality for our community. I look forward to supporting the motion.

Council Member Scharff: I want to thank all of you for coming out. So
much time and effort. You guys have done a great job. As Council Member
Kniss said, the pictures are amazing; they're fantastic. Thanks so much for
all of you coming out. I also enthusiastically support this. I can't think of a
better use of our affordable housing funds than to protect the people that
already live and work in our community and send their kids to school here. I
enthusiastically support this. I have a couple of questions for the City
Manager. We have about $1 1/2 million left in the commercial housing
fund?

Mr. Keene: That's correct, approximately.

Council Member Scharff: Do we have a sense of how much more money in
the next, say, two years we would expect to come into, either of the two
funds?

Mr. Keene: The import of the questions, for the audience, is we continue to
collect these fees as we have different development-related projects and
that sort of thing. Hillary, do you have any sense of how much in a typical
year we might bring in? I don't know.

Council Member Scharff: We don't know what's in the pipeline or anything
like that?

Mr. Keene: Right.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like us to figure that out. One of my concerns
is that this won't be enough money. We should start thinking about what
other money is available to do this, in terms of affordable housing funds.
When I look at the numbers, it seems to me that we may need a little bit
more money than this. If so, how are we going to fund that, how are we
going to get that done? That might be something we want to take a look at.
                                                                         Page 23 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
