                         TRANSCRIPT
Council. There'll be an opportunity for you to look at the whole suite and
potentially add a program about this kind of effort and make some additions
and subtractions.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you to Staff and the public for working
on this overlay. It's a great outcome. Thank you.

7.   Discussion and Direction Regarding the Midtown Connector Project
     (Formerly Known as the Matadero Creek Trail Project).

Mayor Holman: That takes us to Item Number 7. This is discussion and
direction regarding the Midtown Connector Project formerly known as
Matadero Creek Trail Project. Staff has a presentation. Welcome back,
Josh. Meeting 2.

Joshua Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Good evening, Mayor, Members
of Council. I'm Josh Mello, the City's Chief Transportation Official. I'm
joined by Sarah Syed, who is our Senior Transportation Planner working on
advancing our bike network projects. Tonight we're here to present kind of
a status report on the Midtown Connector Project formerly known as the
Matadero Creek Trail Project. We'd also like to get some feedback from you
as to what the next steps should be for the City regarding this project. The
Matadero Creek Trail Project was first identified back in 2012 as part of the
City's adopted Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan. It's shown in this
map here where the red oval is, running east and west. One of the primary
goals of it was to form kind of a spine, east-west connection between the
Bay Trail and the Ridge Trail, running roughly through the Stanford campus
and east-west through the southern section of the City. In the Bike Plan,
there were some specific recommendations related to the Matadero Creek
Trail. One was a recommendation for the City to conduct a Matadero Creek
Trail and Crossings Feasibility Study. That was a study that was intended to
further refine the recommendation in the Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan; look
at some of the constraints along the corridor; identify key connections; and
then identify a phasing approach for our Class 1 trail along the creek
corridor. Also identified in the 2012 Bike Plan were two key across barrier
connections, both at Matadero Creek. One would cross the Caltrain/Alma
corridor, providing a very important east-west connection across the Caltrain
railroad right-of-way. The second was to create a Matadero Creek seasonal
undercrossing underneath the US 101 freeway. Also identified in the 2012
Bike Plan were a series of east-west bike boulevards along Amarillo, Moreno
and Ross Road. As one of the conditions of the Stanford general use permit,
the County of Santa Clara developed a $10 million trail program to mitigate
some of the impacts of the expansion of the Stanford campus. This package
of $10 million in funding allocated towards trails was intended to create

                                                                          Page 21 of 71
                                                           City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/9/15
