                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: .. that Council Member Burt—you're going to tell
us what it would cost to do a purified water project, for instance, rather than
do this? I'd like to see that.

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. On purified water, we're initiating a feasibility study.
We've done one, but it's old. For reverse osmosis, it's too old. It's 20 years
old, so we're initiating a new look at reverse osmosis or an equivalent
technology to remove salt. That is going to be on a parallel track, and we
want to do that as quickly as we can. I wasn't thinking we'd wait 'til we
were done with that to come back, because we'll know more about funding
sooner. We'll probably come back and give you a status report on the
reverse osmosis work. Remember, we've already done two pilots on reverse
osmosis with Stanford at our sewage treatment plant. We know a lot about
reverse osmosis and the membranes that'll work on our situation. We'll
have rough estimates on those costs. They'll be of a different degree of
certainty than other cost estimates, but we'll have something if it's cost that
you're interested in.

Council Member Scharff: What I'm really looking for, Phil, is what Council
Member Burt alluded to which was let's take a thoughtful policy decision on
do we do—first of all, are they mutually exclusive? Let's make that decision.
I mean, is this the best use of tens of millions of dollars? Is purified water a
better solution? What is the business case? I mean, I think Council Member
Burt raised a lot of good issues. We have partners in this. How do we
spend the money? I don't want us to just come back and say we have a
funding source of $20 million; it's going to cost us an extra $25 million;
that's going to cause rates to go up, but it's really important we do this, and
it's also really important because otherwise we're going to pay X number of
dollars for our discharge permit. I wouldn't view that as a thoughtful
discussion.

Mr. Bobel: I tried to outline the eight different types of water use that we're
looking at. When we come back to you, I would expect to be discussing all
of those.

Council Member Scharff: With the information so we can sort of start
moving in those directions?

Mr. Bobel: Yeah. We won't have firm information on all of it. The one
that's the weakest is the use of the surface aquifer, the near surface aquifer.
That has been poorly explored in Palo Alto, and we're not going to be able to


                                                                        Page 118 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
