                          TRANSCRIPT
viable options this evening. Council can accept the current appraiser's,
Mr. Beccaria, statement that the existing methodology fully captures all of
the locational elements that apply to the onsite valuation of the units at
Buena Vista. If you'd like to do that, if that's your decision, you would adopt
the language on the appraisal updates that was in the draft Findings that
were published with the packet 11 days ago. We believe it would also be
appropriate for Council to provide for a very limited peer review process at
the City's expense. We've provided you some language that would describe
how that would work and provide for that process. That language was
distributed to you and to the parties today. The idea about the peer review
process was circulated late last week. That's what I have to orient you,
Council. I'm available to assist you as needed.

Mayor Holman: With that, we come to Council Members for questions and
comments.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to start with a question. Going through
this one more time would be helpful. You just gave us three options, City
Attorney. One was to say yes to Mr. Beccaria in general. The second is an
appraisal update and also a peer review. Would you differentiate between
appraisal update and peer review or might they both be done?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. Again, the two options on
the appraisal that we have framed for you is to go forward with the process
that the Council talked about on April 14th, which the park owner had
previously agreed to, which was Mr. Beccaria would update his existing
appraisals to reflect the passage of time. They are now quite stale. As we
know, real estate is very dynamic, and in this time and place particularly so.
It's anticipated that to be accurate, they would need to be updated to reflect
the passage of time. Mr. Beccaria should do that work in our view. You
could stop there. He has said that the methodology that he's used he
believes accurately captures all of the various elements of the in-place value
of those units.

Council Member Kniss: Before you go to the next one, what would be the
time that could elapse between either of these?

Ms. Stump: What is proposed is that Council would adopt that process this
evening. Council's role in this would come to a conclusion, and the process
would then go forward. There would be a limited ability to bring any
additional questions or disputes quickly to the Hearing Officer, and Council
would delegate final decision-making authority within defined parameters to
the Hearing Officer. I do not know how long Mr. Beccaria would take to do
those updates. [audio malfunction]

                                                                        Page 17 of 27
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/26/15
