                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:        Looking at page 5 of the draft ordinance,
18.01.025, Zoning Code interpretation. I guess my big question is why
couldn't those interpretations, once created by the Planning Department or
the Planning Director, why couldn't they come on Consent to Council after
the interpretations have been drafted by the Planning Director? Just to
make sure it's been seen by the public in a more visible way and give us a
chance to weigh in if we want to. Would it just be a hassle to create the
Staff Report or would it be easy to amend this to add "and it would come to
Council on the Consent Calendar" just essentially to sign off of on it?

Mr. Lait: I would say that certainly it could be drafted that way. I will tell
you that it takes us five weeks for the review process to get something
presented to the City Council. That's not even the time formulating the idea
and getting the opinion and drafting the decision itself. If somebody's
coming to us with an interpretation of the Code and it's going to take two or
three months to have it go through Consent, and then—I think that's a long
process to get a response. We want to be timely and responsive, and I don't
think that kind of an interpretation process qualifies for either of that. I will
say that it is important for the Council to know the types of interpretations
that are taking place. In fact, we're talking about formal interpretations that
are written. Perhaps there's a system involved where we can email the—
when a determination is made, we can get notification to the City Council via
the City Council mailbox or whatever the appropriate mechanism is, so that
the Council Members are seeing here's an interpretation made by the
Director. That way you become aware of it the instant it happens.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm hearing what you're saying. It's basically an
efficiency thing. That's not just for Staff, it's also efficiency for whoever is
working on the project. This would be for larger or small projects including
somebody's individual home that they think is a remodel that shouldn’t be
problematic. Let's say they need to get some interpretation approval from
Planning Director to move forward. You're saying that one of the challenges,
if it had to come to Council on Consent first, is that might delay their home
remodel by a couple of months. Right? Am I understanding correctly that
that's one of the concerns?

Mr. Lait: It would take at least five weeks and more like two to three
months to get that interpretation calendared for the City Council's Consent.

Council Member Wolbach: Currently Planning Department and Planning
Director do those kinds of interpretations under existing practice?


                                                                         Page 52 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
