                          TRANSCRIPT

to go to Council under this language. I think you said that they would not.
Is that correct?

Ms. Stump: That's the way the language is drafted now. Subsection 3 is a
limitation on "D," and so it would send those architectural review-eligible
projects where an application has been filed and is just AR review to ARB
and not to Council. That's correct.

Council Member Burt: I'll just say to my colleagues I'm in my own mind
thinking through the pros and cons of this. I want to make sure that we're
cognizant that that's what this language would stipulate. If somebody had a
big project that they thought was potentially contentious and they don't
want to spend a ton of money based on just a nod from the ARB on a
prescreening, they instead would like to get a pulse of the Council, we
wouldn't allow them to do that in this circumstance, with this language is
what I think I just heard.

Male: There's no way they could get both of them, is that what you're
saying?

Council Member Burt: That's my understanding. They can't get both. If I
didn't understand the City Attorney correctly, then please correct me. What
I think I heard was Jonathan describe it differently from the City Attorney.
Maybe we need to make sure that the two parties are aligned in their
interpretation.

Ms. Stump: If Council wants to clarify what your preferred rule will be, we
will go back and have an extensive discussion which is what we do at the
Staff level to make sure that the language clearly captures that.

Council Member Burt: What I want to be clear on is what does this language
mean as it's proposed in the Staff Report.

Ms. Stump: The ARB section is an exception. Again, the mandatory is the
mandatory process. All of those five types of projects come to Council for
prescreening, and they're required to do that. On the voluntary process
only, it's projects that don't qualify under those five. If they're eligible for
ARB prescreening, an application has been filed and its architectural review,
it goes there. It does not have the ability to come to Council for a
prescreening. If you wish to make a different rule, please let us know that
and we'll adjust the language.

Council Member Burt: Thanks.
                                                                          Page 44 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
