                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Young: The stair tower on Grant, I believe, is 288 square feet. That's
all Code driven. There are very specific requirements for the rise and run of
a stair. There are very specific requirements for its width and the size of the
landings. There are specific requirements for the door swings and the
clearances to allow for egress as you're leaving the building. Additionally,
the fire requirement is that there is a fire sprinkler stand pipe that must be
in that location. There are additional requirements for it as well. Believe
me, if we could make it smaller, we would make it smaller. Your second
question about the roof terrace. The roof terrace, as I said, has substantial
setbacks from the perimeter on all four sides. It's designed as an employee
amenity. It's not open to the public. It could be as small as 750 square feet
and not trigger the need for the second stair tower.

Council Member Burt: That's how many square feet now?

Ms. Young: It's a little over 3,000. The footprint of the site is, I believe,
12,518, so the roof terrace is roughly a quarter of the footprint.

Council Member Burt: The max you could have with a single stair tower is
750.

Ms. Young: 750, yes, which is very small.

Council Member Scharff: You've changed it now to be collapsible umbrellas,
is that correct?

Ms. Young: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: With that change, the reason you need a DEE is
clearly for the towers. Let's do a thought experiment for a second. If you
didn't have to have the towers, would you need the DEE for collapsible
umbrellas?

Ms. Young: I don't believe you need the DEE for the collapsible umbrellas.
Staff should jump in. I believe that that is a holdover from when it was a
permanent tensile roof structure.

Council Member Scharff: That was really my question. That's what I
figured. It seems more like furniture at this point, to be honest.

Ms. Young: It is furniture, yes.

Council Member Scharff: I know that on another building that came before
us there was a railing up on the roof, like 5 feet or something. I know that
didn't trigger a DEE or something like that. I guess the only part of this that
requires the DEE then is the towers.
                                                                        Page 44 of 103
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/1/15
