                          TRANSCRIPT
language, we can just say "the decision maker set forth in the Code shall
have the authority to make the CEQA determinations for all items except all
EIRs will come to the Council for review," if that's ultimately what the
Council's interested in, to retain that authority.

Mayor Holman: Returning to Tom, were you through with your comments
and questions?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Thanks for clarifying that. I'd definitely be
open to amendments if people want to clarify that.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: What I actually heard was really different. I heard
Cara say that State law requires the decision maker to be the one.
Jonathan, I didn't understand how you thought it could then go back to
Council on the EIRs. If State law requires the decision maker to do it, and
Hillary would be the decision maker in those circumstances, unless that ...

Mr. Lait: Cara shot me that look.

Council Member Scharff: I just wanted to make sure we're clear on that.

Mr. Lait: I'm going to defer the City Attorney on this and stay out of it.

Council Member Scharff: In that case, I just want to say I'm going to
support the Motion. I hope we can move this along.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Now I'm starting to doubt my own Motion. I
started with the question are there any current times where something
would come to Council or some other public body which after this change
would no longer come to the public body. Now it sounds like there are times
where currently it would come to Council, but after this change it will just go
to the Planning Director. Is that correct? That would mean that that is a
time when ...

Mr. Lait: (inaudible) EIRs.

Council Member Wolbach: There would be EIRs that currently are reviewed
by Council and, after this change, would go to the Planning Director and not
the Council.

Ms. Silver: They would go to the Planning Director. There will always be the
ability to appeal to the Council.
                                                                         Page 97 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
