                          TRANSCRIPT
where we want to get to. I would argue that we try and achieve a universal
coverage and use the NETS as a standard of what we want to get to and
analyze the gaps between what they have done and what we are doing.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks very much to Staff from a number of
departments for putting a lot of time and work into this. Obviously there's
more work to do, but I just want to acknowledge the number of hours that
have gone into this. It's not insignificant; it does need to be recognized. I
know there's a lot more to come, especially after the direction we give you
tonight. Along those lines, first on the question of who, if anyone, should be
exempted or have a waived fee, I'm curious to hear how my colleagues feel
about it. My inclination at least is to say that the groups that you've
identified, specifically nonprofits, sole proprietors and also religious
institutions in Palo Alto—I would not suggest that we completely exempt
them. I think we should still be getting the data about how many people are
here, how many people are working here. Those are the reasons we put
the—a big part of why we put the Registry together was to get a sense of
who's coming to Palo Alto. I would be fine with, I think, with waiving the
fee. As the Staff Report indicates in a footnote, that's likely to be nominal.
Maybe we could check back in or have the Finance Committee or somebody
take a look at that and just double check that. Again, I'm curious to hear
how my colleagues feel, but my inclination is to say let's make sure they're
still filling out the paperwork and we're getting the data about those
organizations. I would be probably comfortable waiving the fee. If the
funding for that is again nominal and coming out of the General Fund as
suggested in the Staff Report, I think that's probably okay. Again, looking
for colleagues' thoughts on that as well. Secondly, on parking data. On
pages 6-7 of the Staff Report, you say that you're planning on stopping
asking questions about parking. You aren't really seeking Council direction
on that; you just said you're not going to ask questions about parking any
more. That's a huge part, in my understanding, of why we have the
Business Registry. It was to get information about people's parking. You do
suggest in the report that there are better ways to get that data. I'd be
curious to hear more from Staff about that. That's really, really critical data.
If we're not getting it through this, we've got to get it somehow. Before I
move on to my other questions, if you want to—if you have any thoughts on
that one or should I come—you want to come back and collect thoughts on
that:

Mr. Fehrenbach: The thinking is that the parking is a very complex issue.
For businesses to answer simple questions, which was the Council's intent of
the Business Registry, is in fact a very challenging proposition especially
                                                                         Page 17 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
