                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: I have two cards from members of the public. You'll have
three minutes apiece. Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Becky Sanders.

Stephanie Munoz:         Good evening again, Mayor Holman and Council
Members. If we are going to have a health forum this coming Saturday,
that's a wonderful idea. I think there has to be a little keener understanding
that when people talk about the problems with the health system, they are
really talking about the problems with the financing of the health system.
The sad fact is that this little industry of health remediation is carrying water
for the finance industry. Everybody's health needs, everybody's health visits
are all being funneled through insurance investment companies. A certain
portion of what we spend for health actually goes not for health, but for
financing. People have to understand that, because it's making a big
difference in our economy and to the people. Once you had the very first
medical bankruptcy, that should have been the wake-up call that things
were not going well. I hope that there will be an opportunity for healthcare
for all California or physicians for a national health service will be able to
table, that is, to give out leaflets in support of single payer. You might also
consider that the wonderful hospitals that we have in our vicinity, Stanford
and El Camino, are making a lot of money. Yes, but they're also producing a
need for housing that they should be called to account for and would also be
to their interests to provide cheap housing for fairly low paid employees and
some of the higher employees too. Thank you very much. I hope you will
consider that.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Our second speaker to this item,
Oral Communications, is Becky Sanders. Welcome.

Becky Sanders: Good evening. I have a couple of members of the new
Ventura Neighborhood Association with me.            Would you please wave?
Anybody else? We're super excited that we have our first official action, 14
signatories to a letter which I handed to the City Clerk, which will be made
available for your inspection should you so desire. We, the undersigned
members of the Ventura Neighborhood Association, respectfully urge the
City to reinstate traffic controls at the north/southbound intersection of Page
Mill Road and Park Boulevard. The intersection used to have a signal that
pedestrians could activate that would flash to alert cars of their presence,
but this was removed at the beginning of the construction of 195 Page Mill
Road. Furthermore, the sidewalk on the construction side of the road was
demolished and the bike lane severely restricted, with construction traffic
often monopolizing the bike lane during business hours. In fact, we have
seen an electronic sign that urges cyclists to use caution obstructing the
actual bike lane. Finally, the intersection has no street lights. At night it is
difficult to see pedestrians and cyclists that are not attired in reflective wear.
                                                                          Page 31 of 133
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/21/15
