                          TRANSCRIPT
The question for us is how do we look at our housing differently. Do we do
what Ms. Burt suggested earlier? Do we look at more modular? How do we
look at El Camino? Do we look at El Camino as being more densely served
than it currently is? There are ways that we can make this happen. I think
we've heard tonight from—Mayor Holman, I think you had 20 people, 21
people who spoke and a number of the people have spoken before. I think
people who spoke tonight have also spoken about housing before. There's
probably almost nothing that's more the battle cry right now in Palo Alto
than we need more housing. I think we did it before. It came out of the
'90s Comp Plan. I think it can happen again and without destroying paradise
whatsoever. I'm not even feeling that paradise is totally lost. Hearing
people who have moved to this community, Ms. Burt would be one who is
still here, who told me this is one of the most enjoyable places they have
ever lived. For people who have just moved here, I think they find a great
deal. I still find it's a great place to live. I'm not planning to move. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: What are we losing and what can the Council do? How
high will prices go in Palo Alto? What's driving them? I guess if there's one
base number I look at, it's the ratio of jobs to employed residents. The
census year 2000, that ratio for Palo Alto was about 2.4:1, 2.4 jobs in town
to every employed resident. The latest numbers from 2012 are now close to
3:1. Over the decade and as the data we got here says, we added a lot of
housing during that time period, but we've added many more jobs. We are
becoming more of a commuter City. Actually, if you compare Palo Alto to
other cities over 50,000, we are Number 4 in the country. We're up there
with Manhattan and Washington, DC, well ahead of San Francisco, well
ahead of other Silicon Valley cities. We are the commute center. Policy L-8
that talks about dealing with how many new jobs should be in the
community is our best chance to define our community over the next 15
years. Where are we now in Policy L-8? It says we could add from 1998
3.24 million square feet of nonresidential space. The words in the Comp
Plan are Citywide. We have added in our monitoring by the Staff 1.5 million.
There's also a number of 1 million "non-monitored." The term "non-
monitored" is not mentioned anywhere in the Comp Plan. It appears in a
map, L-6, where they have some non-monitored areas. It's controversial.
What are they? They're public facilities or Planned Community buildings of a
fairly size. We also have voted 1.3 million new square feet in the Stanford
Medical Center. Add those altogether, we've got 3.8 million. Now, they're
not all office/residential, but they all create traffic. If you look carefully at
what L-8 was, it was to deal with traffic issues. Look around us. Do we
have traffic issues? The last reports we have from buildings on Park Avenue,
on Page Mill, on the Downtown is that there are intersections, even
                                                                         Page 58 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
