                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois:       Right.   Again, my amendment would be to
generalize that and to review the pros and cons of distribution mechanisms.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: That's fine. It doesn't really matter how we put it.
We just want to look at where do you divide that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You'd accept the "evaluate?" Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, I'll accept that amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part F (iv), “review the
pros and cons of one block side parking for workers in the most highly
impacted areas” with “review the pros and cons of distribution mechanism.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: "iv" becomes evaluate the pros and cons. (crosstalk)

Council Member DuBois: The last one would be "H" which is to direct Staff
to propose a reduction mechanism to decrease employee permit sales based
on progress with other traffic reduction programs and come back to Council
to propose the annual reduction formula. Rather than say today that it's
200 a year, I do think we need to look at how do we reduce it over time. I'd
like to give Staff the leeway to come back. If it's tied to success with our
TMA program, that makes sense. What's that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: When (crosstalk).

Council Member Burt: Would this have to occur at the time of these next
meetings? It doesn't seem like that has the same urgency.

Council Member DuBois: At least, I guess, before the next year, I guess,
ideally.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: If you can see that as something we will work on,
but that it doesn't necessarily have to be woven into this particular
Ordinance, that's fine.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe during implementation of Phase 2, develop this.

Council Member DuBois: Yep, good.

Council Member Kniss: That would be fine.

                                                                     Page 77 of 126
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 12/14/15
