                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: The language "or alternative neighborhood protections,"
Director Gitelman, I don't know of any alternative neighborhood protections
other than overlays. Do you? I don't want to complicate things.

Ms. Gitelman: If it simply said "through the Comp Plan Update we explore
alternative neighborhood protections," that's broad and it would get to the
guidelines that were brought up earlier. It would get to refinements. It
would get to additional overlays, conservation districts. We understand
where you're heading with this.

Council Member Scharff: I like it the way it is.

Council Member Wolbach: What I'm looking for is a little tweak. I'm trying
to figure out how to word it in this new language.           Through the
Comprehensive Plan we explore establishing a process for neighborhoods to
institute overlays or other protections.

Council Member Scharff: I'm good with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion, “giving neighborhoods
the option to institute overlays that would provide protections” with
“establishing a process for neighborhoods to institute design overlays.”

Council Member Wolbach: Parallel to our single-story overlay, there should
be a similar process by which any neighborhood can come to the City and
say, "This is an aesthetic design element which is integral to our
neighborhood." Maybe it's a single story; maybe it's not. Maybe it's an
Eichler. Maybe it's historical. Whatever it is, we want to establish a process
by which a neighborhood could initiate that conversation and get the ball
rolling. We don't want to prescribe that all from City Hall. We want to let
neighborhoods come to us and have a process on the books that says this is
how you can get the ball rolling as a neighborhood. That way we don't have
to get into listing everything. It's establishing a process like that, that we're
looking for. Basically expanding the single-story overlay process to cover
other aesthetic design elements or other protections which a neighborhood
feels is integral to their character. For neighborhoods to institute design
overlays and/or alternative neighborhood protections. Are you comfortable
with that?

Council Member Scharff: I am.

Council Member Burt: I'm not so sure that is the right direction. That limits
the discussion in the Comp Plan process to ones where neighborhoods would
take initiatives on this. For instance, the IR review is a Citywide process.
                                                                           Page 61 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/29/15
