                          TRANSCRIPT
Obviously a Downtown location with particularly a good Palo Alto shuttle
system is very attractive for people to go to a center. As Lisa mentioned,
there's a lot more work to be done on the design of the new part of the
building. Meanwhile, we are actively fundraising to assure that we have
funds on-hand when construction does begin. One of the things we've
learned as we meet with prospective donors, it's become clear that the
community wants the City to help with the cost of renovating its 90-year-old
building.    Also, as we identify more and more costs associated with
renovation, the project budget has grown beyond the capacity of Avenidas to
fundraise. For these reasons, we have requested the $5 million from the
City for the modernization of the existing building, not the expanded
building. Your approval of our request tonight would enhance our ability to
secure a large donation and obtain a matching gift. We have a donor who is
willing to match one more gift up to $4 million provided that gift or pledge is
received by December 31st. Unfortunately, the City's funding does not
qualify for that matching gift, so we are interested in moving forwarding. It
does help us if we get that City's money and we can move on for $8 million
in gifts to us.

Ginger Johnson: Good evening, Council Members. I want to commend you
for doing this every week. I think it's amazing, amazing service to the City.
My name's Ginger Johnson. I've lived in Palo Alto 50 years. I want to talk
to you a little bit about Avenidas tonight. I was on staff for a number of
years, but I'm now going to talk to you as a participant, as a client so to
speak. I think some folks who haven't been over there think that maybe
we're a bunch of doddering old fools. On the contrary, we're just the
opposite. Avenidas is there to keep us from being doddering old fools. Let
me give you a couple of examples. Of all the hundreds of activities and
services we provide, I've picked a couple. The first one I think of is our life
stories program, where people every week come and write small pieces on
important instances in their lives. They read them to each other, and they
critique them. They hone their skills, and they end up with really a
biography of their lives for themselves and for their descendants. You would
be amazed at the liveliness of the writing and the interesting stories that all
of us have. This is among hundreds of activities. Another example is our
current events class, which is now self-run, not run by a paid teacher. There
are four of us moderators. When it's our turn, we do research on the
important items of the day. We present them, and then we have a lively
discussion period. It is very lively and very informed, I think you would find.
I'm telling you this because I think Avenidas is so important to the
community. We're so proud of our schools, and we're so proud of our
libraries. We take care of the first half of life tremendously. I think it is
imperative that we take care of those of us in the second half of life by
making Avenidas a state of the art facility. I think we would be, frankly, a
                                                                       Page 69 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
