                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: You keep saying a pacing mechanism. I think
what Council Member Filseth suggested is that we—correct me if I'm
wrong—take Policy L-8, if you want to still study the monitoring areas for
historical purposes, but that we actually take what's left of the cap and we
say we will on a going-forward basis count the whole City. Is that correct?
To that cap. That's what I understood.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Filseth, is that correct and what your
intention is?

Council Member Scharff: I would accept that if that's your ... That would be
in addition to the other pacing mechanisms which is a different pacing
mechanism which is a growth on an annual basis which is what we're talking
about.

Council Member Filseth: The growth on the annual basis that we're talking
about is Citywide. Is that right? Not just the three areas?

Council Member Scharff: The growth on an annual basis is up to the CAC to
give options to Council. I'll speak to what Council Member DuBois said
briefly. Sorry. We're not abdicating that responsibility to the CAC. What
we're asking the CAC to do is to suggest approaches. It could be Citywide.
It could be Citywide with the exception of Stanford Research Park. It could
be 50,000 square feet total with 25,000 Downtown, 10,000 El Camino; you
could break it up many different ways. We're not being prescriptive about
how that should be broken up. We think the conversation should occur and
that should come back to Council, and then the Council to be informed by
what the CAC does, then could make decisions on that.

Mayor Holman: Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, I wanted to respond to Council Member
Scharff's suggestion that we could just adopt the 3.2 million cap for the
Citywide. I guess we would like an opportunity to analyze the implications
of doing that. As some of the Council Members have mentioned, if we've
approved 1.5 million square feet and we've approved a hospital that up until
now hasn't counted towards the cap of 1.2, then if we approve a Citywide
cap of 3.2, we don't have that much to go in the next 15 years.

Council Member Scharff: You're misunderstanding me.

Mr. Keene: He's looking at it in a different way.

Council Member Scharff: You're misunderstanding me. This was Council
Member Filseth. What I understood was we say we have—is it 1.7? Why
                                                                    Page 115 of 122
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/2/15
