                         TRANSCRIPT
of perspectives. I really appreciate that. Thanks for staying up very late to
be with us this evening, bearing with us. I am leaning towards supporting
this in its original form. This is not as easy, not as cut and dry as the last
single-story overlay that we considered. There is some clear opposition to
this. That one was much closer to unanimous. I think it's important that we
recognize that there really are strong arguments on both sides. There is the
concern for protecting the privacy of neighbors from a second story popping
up behind their backyard or next to them, looking into the side of the house
or over the fence into the side of their house. There's the interest in
protecting the feel of the neighborhood.        There's also the interest of
protecting property rights. We shouldn't kid ourselves that those aren't all
at play, that there are serious values. We're going to have make a tradeoff
one way or another. I do think that if we're going to do this, we should do
all or nothing. I do think that it makes sense to extend the single-story
overlay through the second half of the Greer Park neighborhood. We
already have it on half of the neighborhood. It makes sense to do it across
the street. Again, unlike the last time we considered one of these, I can't
recommend that without some hesitation.           I'd like to hear from my
colleagues before I or somebody makes a motion on this one. I'd also say
that I think we should be really open to considering—we will be discussing
accessory dwelling units in a variety of forms in the coming months. I've
heard some indication from some of the supporters of single-story overlays,
and I'll look forward to having their support to make it easier for people to
add accessory dwelling units.       I think that's especially important in a
neighborhood where you're constrained by a single-story overlay, because of
the concern of having multiple generations, multiple retired parents, multiple
children all in one house. Sometimes you can pull it off with really good
architecture, but allowing an accessory dwelling unit or consideration of
easing the lot coverage requirements for neighborhoods with single-story
overlays is something that I think we should be open to considering in the
future.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, questions, comments, motions.

Council Member Burt: I just want to make sure I'm clear on one thing.
There were among the letters to us assertions that the single-story overlay
would reduce the permissible square footage that one could build on their
lot. My recollection from having reviewed a number of these on Planning
Commission before was that that's not the case. Is that correct?

Ms. French: That's correct. They get the full floor area ratio, and they get a
lot coverage to go with it.



                                                                         Page 124 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
