                          TRANSCRIPT
benefit at all toward greenhouse gases before 2020 and nominal after that.
It should be 25 percent of all cap and trade dollars, and that's being
challenged legally. The second was whether it was adopted properly when it
was adopted as a fee rather than a tax. We'll see what happens on both
those fronts. That's not up to us to decide, but those are wide open
questions. Even if High Speed Rail holds onto those dollars, these are
billions and billions of dollars per year that should be going toward real
projects that will reduce greenhouse gases. I think we're going to want to
seek a clear commitment to the Caltrain funding from VTA, and we want to
rally our other cities and the business community. Frankly, we've heard that
the Leadership Group has been supportive of Caltrain, but we continue to
believe that it is disproportionate support for its importance in comparison to
BART. I also want to get talking in the next go-round about our local tax
measure. We've talked about a local sales tax measure as an alternative to
the County one, but I think what we really should be talking about is a long-
term funding source for local transit. Not to fund Caltrain predominantly,
but to fund our entire TDM program and the potential of a business license
tax based on number of employees.

Council Member Berman: Council Member Burt brought up something that
triggered something I was trying to look up. I'll do it in a little bit. A couple
of questions.

Mayor Holman: Do you want to take that time, and I could call on Council
Member Scharff next? It's your call since you have the order.

Council Member Berman: No, that's okay. Appreciate it. The first thing is
on packet page 19, the Council adopted the following priorities in regards to
the tax measure. It seemed off, and I just checked with the Minutes. We
had actually deleted—right now, one says dedicated funding for Caltrain
grade separations in Palo Alto or North Santa Clara County. We deleted the
"or North Santa Clara County." That should not be in there. In "3," better
first and last mile service particularly in North Santa Clara County, we
deleted the "particularly in North Santa Clara County." I won't bother
restating the reasons for that. I'm the one who proposed those, so that's
why it stuck out to me. Those shouldn't be in our priorities. I have a
question. Number 5 on packet page 20, the local street and road pavement
maintenance allocations with a possible provision of unencumbered local
funds if an adequate pavement maintenance level is achieved, does anybody
remember what that amount was going to be approximately?

Mr. Mello: The list that was released last week at the VTA/TAC meeting
currently shows 1.2 billion for local street maintenance.


                                                                           Page 47 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
