                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you for the revisions. I just wanted to
move the Staff recommendation on the ordinance as revised at places.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to adopt an Ordinance to implement changes to the Development
Project Preliminary Review procedures by amending Title 18 (Zoning) of the
Palo Alto Municipal Code.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your motion, Council Member
Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Just briefly. I remember when this came to us in
Policy and Services. I'm glad we're doing this. I think it really clarifies the
ordinance. I think it's also really important that developers can come before
the Council and have a prescreening and get a sense of whether or not their
project will in fact have some possibility of moving forward or what the
obstacles to it are. I think that's really helpful. I'm glad we're doing this. I
think it's good for everyone.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: I think I would just underscore what Greg just said.
It has great clarity. Clearly, you have gone through this and thought it
through. I appreciate the detailed information that it now provides. I think
this takes it out of the question category which it had been in before. I'm
ready to vote at any point.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think this is a great idea of giving an opportunity for
developers to ask questions early about what issues might be important for
them to think through. I have just a question that's been troubling me. In
18.79.10(b), it says this is set up to deal with the issues of Comprehensive
Plan consistency, economics, social costs and benefits, fiscal costs and
benefits. I keep coming back to cumulative impacts. I know when projects
come to us, they're usually bunched in certain areas, the Downtown or Cal.
Ave., where each one of them pass the CEQA test. When you look at two or
three or four together, they might not. Is that an appropriate subject
matter for prescreening?
                                                                          Page 39 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
