                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: '13.

Council Member Kniss: In which?

Council Member Scharff: '13.

Council Member Kniss: '13. In 2012, as I recall, you were an advocate for
this. I do recall you talking to us as a Board of Supervisors. Where it has
ended up now, I certainly understand. I followed what you're saying; I
understand the problem with the Water District and so forth. I don't think
we have any option other than to continue the feasibility study. However, at
the same time, for anyone who is concerned about the loss of money, I don't
think that is an issue at all. The money is available. You probably know the
money has to be spent within a certain radius. Correct? It needs to be
spent essentially in Palo Alto. You've got a little further that you can go,
maybe into Menlo, maybe into Mountain view, but not very far. This is really
meant for Palo Alto. It originally, as Larry Horton used to tell me, was
actually meant for the faculty who was going to be displaced, not for us in
particular. We have been the beneficiaries of some amount of largesse, I
guess. I always felt in the end we more than deserved the $10 million.
That's how I see it at this point. When we get to that point and others have
had a chance to talk, I will certainly say continuing this study is essential.
As I look back on it, any number of us looked at this trail in 2012 and agreed
with it. As you just said, the devil always is in the details. The details of
this devil are really rather far reaching and, as somebody mentioned, you
might have to go through somebody's house to complete the trail. I don't
think that's really acceptable. Looking at this now, again, I'm not concerned
about the funding staying there, but I do think we should continue to see if
we can complete that. That's my two cents.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Burt, questions and comments,
five minutes.

Council Member Burt: Some questions and some comments. The issues
with the Santa Clara Valley Water District, the two ones of who would
assume liability and, second, how they would maintain their access ramps, is
that basically it or was there something else?

Mr. Mello: There are some other issues. Sarah can probably expand
further. I know one was while they are actually conducting maintenance,
there's a requirement for oversight in order to protect people that would be
using the trail. There were associated maintenance costs that the City would
have to bear on top of what's already ...


                                                                           Page 28 of 71
                                                            City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/9/15
