                          TRANSCRIPT
because we haven't had the analysis that frankly I was hoping to see, which
is to take those beneficial projects, identify what those real benefits were
even if there might have been some detriments to that same project, and
look at whether there would have been other means to achieve that or there
would not.    I'm going to be moving toward a more concrete set of
recommendations on what we do in the nearer term to move this ball
forward which would be either having the Mayor appoint an ad hoc
committee or refer this to Policy and Services which is actually what
happened a year and a half ago. I don't think that was as productive as I
would have hoped. As a first cut, to try to look at, at a high level, whether
there are benefits to the PC process that are worth trying to salvage. If
there are not, then what are the alternatives. If there are, how would we
better go about reforming the process.

Council Member Kniss: I think Council Member Burt just gave a very
thoughtful analysis of this. I'm in rather a different spot tonight. I know
you don't want a motion yet, but the kind of motion that Council Member
Berman has considered making is one that I would consider seconding. If
that does happen, I would like to speak at some length. I would call out—
Pat Saffir has gone home. As somebody who looks back over the years, she
did identify some very good projects. I don't think our community is at that
point right now. I won't continue on, since that's not really a question any
longer.

Mayor Holman: Comments are fine as well.

Council Member Kniss: Pardon?

Mayor Holman: Do you have any other comments?

Council Member Kniss: Nothing any further than that at the moment.

Council Member DuBois: I have to say, "wow." I mean there's 290 pages of
PC Ordinance Minutes from years. There's PTC meetings, Council meetings,
Policy and Services meetings. It was pretty painful to read through all that
stuff. It was an interesting exercise though. I think comparing the Minutes
from previous PTCs versus our current PTC, I felt it was pretty extreme how
disconnected it was from the current community sentiment. Even though
several members of the PTC were on those previous PTCs—I mean
Commissioner Alcheck, Michael and Tanaka actually seemed to have
changed their position over time. First of all, I want to thank Staff, I think,
for not kind of submitting to the badgering to drop the 50-foot height limit
and other important clauses. I think being consistent with the Comp Plan is
pretty important. I also appreciated Commissioner Gardias who repeatedly
pointed out the concerns of the community. In terms of where to go with PC
                                                                         Page 62 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
