                             MINUTES
Council Member Wolbach explained that the Council could not propose
legislation and have it introduced in the next four days. Knowing the City's
priorities would allow legislators to consider those priorities in determining
whether to support or amend legislation. The Council should begin a
discussion of legislation for 2016 soon. He supported a brief Council
discussion of initiatives to include and delete at the current time.

Mayor Holman believed the Committee should vet initiatives and report to
the Council. The Council should set points in time for the Committee and
the Council to discuss initiatives to prevent delays. She suggested referring
the Manual to the Committee to review those two issues.

Mr. Keene clarified that if the Council passed the Motion, Staff would
understand the Council's interest and be able to confer with lobbyists
regarding the City's positions. Staff would return to the Council if bills of
particular interest to the City were proposed.

Mayor Holman believed the Council was also attempting to establish a
framework to influence proposed legislation.        A two-year strategy for
legislation was appropriate. She asked when the item could be returned to
the Committee. Each initiative on the list should include any action taken or
proposed for the topic. She and the City Manager had discussed renewing
Mayor/City Manager conversations with neighboring communities to
determine support for issues.

Mr. Keene would work with the Committee Chair to determine a date. The
Committee could recommend initiatives to the Council.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to refer the adopted Legislative Program Manual
and Spring 2015 Semi-Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives document to
Policy and Services Committee for review and refinement.

Mr. Keene explained that the Council could adopt both documents and refer
only the strategic initiatives to the Committee for review.

Mayor Holman wanted to refer both documents to clarify procedural issues.

Council Member Wolbach suggested the Committee review initiatives
annually. He did not want to return initiatives to the Committee without
reviewing proposed initiatives. The Council should discuss initiatives before
referring them to the Committee.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add under Top Six 2015 Semi-Annual

02/17/2015                                                              117- 23
