                               CITY OF PALO ALTO
                                 CITY COUNCIL

                                                                                      May 27, 2015
                               REVISED                                                Special Meeting
                                                                                    Council Chambers
                                                                                             6:00 PM

Agenda posted according to PAMC Section 2.04.070. Supporting materials are available in the
                Council Chambers on the Thursday preceding the meeting.

PUBLIC COMMENT
Members of the public may speak to agendized items; up to three minutes per speaker, to be determined by the
presiding officer. If you wish to address the Council on any issue that is on this agenda, please complete a speaker
request card located on the table at the entrance to the Council Chambers, and deliver it to the City Clerk prior to
discussion of the item. You are not required to give your name on the speaker card in order to speak to the
Council, but it is very helpful.

TIME ESTIMATES
Time estimates are provided as part of the Council's effort to manage its time at Council meetings. Listed times
are estimates only and are subject to change at any time, including while the meeting is in progress. The Council
reserves the right to use more or less time on any item, to change the order of items and/or to continue items to
another meeting. Particular items may be heard before or after the time estimated on the agenda. This may occur
in order to best manage the time at a meeting or to adapt to the participation of the public. To ensure
participation in a particular item, we suggest arriving at the beginning of the meeting and remaining until the item
is called.


Call to Order

Oral Communications
Members of the public may speak to any item NOT on the agenda. Council reserves the right to limit the duration of
Oral Communications period to 30 minutes.

Study Session
                                                                                               6:00-7:00 PM
1.      Joint Study Session with the Palo Alto Youth Council
                                                                                               7:00-8:00 PM
2.      Joint Study Session with the Public Art Commission

Special Orders of the Day
                                                             8:00-8:15 PM
3.      Appointment of Candidates to the Human Relations Commission

Action                                                                                         8:15-9:15 PM

4.    Finance Committee Recommendation that Council: (1) Add a 25-Year
      Contract Term Option in Addition to the Palo Alto Clean Local Energy
      Accessible Now (CLEAN) Program’s Existing 20-Year Contract Term Option; (2)
      Continue the CLEAN Program for Solar Resources at a Contract Price Reduced
      from 16.5¢/kWh to the Avoided Cost of the Solar Energy Generated (10.3
      ¢/kWh to 10.4 ¢/kWh) with a Program Cap of 3 Megawatts; and (3) Expand
      the CLEAN Program's Eligibility to Non-Solar Renewable Energy Resources
      with a Program Cap of 3 Megawatts at a Contract Price Equal to the Avoided
      Cost of the Non-Solar Energy Generated (9.3 ¢/kWh to 9.4 ¢/kWh)
