                          TRANSCRIPT
don't want to risk too much of that. Joe can add a little bit to what each
million does in terms of additional funding.

Jose Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director:          Joe Saccio,
Assistant Director of Administrative Services. We originally gave a figure of
about $1 million of revenue can finance $14 million worth of project funds. I
think that still stands, because the interest rates haven't changed all that
much. Based on that 70 percent that some of the Council Members will
remember, I looked at a couple of new numbers today. Based on the
current level of TOT revenues from the 2 percent and the new hotels, if I
took 70 percent of that again which is to protect ourselves a little bit from a
downturn, we probably could finance another $24 million worth of projects
beyond what Brad mentioned before, which I think was around $66 million.
We always put in the caveat, and we always will, that in any downturn that
30 percent cushion could be eaten up fairly quickly, in a severe downturn.
Just to let you know. I think Brad has already addressed what the cash flow
looks like before the debt service, as we're accumulating funds.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Joe. Last quick question. We talk at
the top of Page 10 of the Staff Report—for instance, the street maintenance
program funding level is expected to be reduced to a maintenance level in
fiscal year 2021. Two quick questions. Is that 2021 or 2019 if we're hoping
to hit the goal of 85 by 2019 or maybe 2020? What is that delta? What's
the difference between what we're spending now and what is the
maintenance level, I guess?

Mr. Eggleston: The way we're interpreting the goal of 2019 is by the end of
2019. We're thinking we're going to need the full funding amount that we've
been using in the fiscal year 2020 budget. That's what's included in the
current 5-year CIP. Really the fifth year of the budget that we're starting to
work on now is the first one that we would see a reduction. We've been
doing some modeling with that using Street Saver. We don't have a final
proposal; we think it's probably on the order of a reduction of about $2
million. Roughly going from $5 million to $3 million or something in that
neighborhood.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, guys, very much.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good job. It's a real pleasure to sit here tonight and
talk about our long-term infrastructure needs. It's just what we set out to
do in this program, make sure there is a formal preparation. Each of these
projects are thought through. We have a dedicated funding source, able to
focus on each year on planning and what funding is necessary. It is really a
                                                                         Page 11 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
