                             MINUTES
Council Member Burt did not view quiet zones and grade separations as
separate issues. Grade separations would cost hundreds of millions of
dollars and would require many years to construct. He requested additional
information regarding train noise as a health issue, the safety of quad gates,
and the safety of quad gates plus median barriers at the Alma Street
crossing. Track safety had two elements: safety and security. He wanted
to learn more about the function of a wayside horn. The number of trains
had increased and would continue to increase.           Staff should provide
information concerning the increased decibel level of train horns. Funding of
quiet zones should not be purely local funding. He did not believe Atherton
fully self-funded its quad gates. He would support evaluation of quiet zones.

Council Member Filseth was less concerned about the legal exposure to the
City after the discussion. Some crossings could not feasibly be grade
separated or trenched. To the extent quiet zones would not have a large
financial impact to the City, he would support them.

Council Member Berman concurred with Council Member Filseth's comments.
It was not possible to grade separate the Alma Street crossing. Perhaps
Staff could investigate funding sources for quiet zones.

Vice Mayor Schmid believed the City's priority should be trenching or grade
separations in the long-term. In the interim, quiet zones seemed feasible,
realistic, and affordable.

Mayor Holman stated noise and sleep disruption were health issues and
should be a focus in light of the Council Priority of Healthy City/Healthy
Community. The Council should investigate alternatives for the Alma Street
crossing as grade separation was not viable. She was interested in the costs
and funding sources for quiet zones in other communities. Safety at the
Churchill Avenue rail intersection would benefit from the installation of quad
gates.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Council Member Burt expressed concern about having sufficient time for all
Agenda Items. Agenda Item Number 11: Discussion and Direction to Staff
Regarding Establishment of an Office/R&D Annual Growth Limit (Item
Continued from January 26, 2015), would likely require more than the
allotted time. He requested the Council consider continuing either Agenda
Item Number 13 or 14.

Mayor Holman proposed the Council take up Agenda Item Number 11 with
Council Members offering a series of Motions and carry the remaining
conversation to the second scheduled time. No later than 9:15 P.M., the

02/09/2015                                                             116- 458
