                          TRANSCRIPT
who probably dealt with it when she was on the Council. We have not dealt
with this recently. I know that others on our Council have. That is the one
thing that seemed to come through loud and clear, this ability to have some
kind of interaction. I realize that CPI opening their doors for tours was very
important. I was glad that a number of my colleagues were able to go. I
hope at some point in the future I can do the same. We could weave that
into whatever current arrangement, whatever we may call it. We could
weave that into where we end up, at least at this point, with not only CPI or
with other companies as well. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Three questions. Interested in the consequences of
what we're passing with the ordinance. I think of east of 101. Right now
there's a lot of spaces out there that are being used for a variety of things.
There's new schools appearing, new daycare centers. Are we, in essence,
rezoning what is a general manufacturing zoned area? Same thing with San
Antonio and Charleston area. If childcare centers go in there, do we in
essence rezone it?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. We are proposing
changes to the industrial zoning districts to put in place this 300-foot
minimum distance between hazardous materials users in Tier 2 and sensitive
receptors including daycare. To the extent that these facilities already exist,
it would place a limitation on new uses within that 300-foot distance. If you
look at the map that we provided in Attachment F that we showed briefly on
the screen, you'll see that that doesn't cover a great percentage of the
industrial zones. It's really ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: My question is the dynamics of the future. If some
alternate school pops up in one of the empty spaces, does it rezone the
substantial area?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. If you would have new sensitive receptors, it would
have the effect of limiting new Tier 2 uses within 300 feet.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Quick question. The 2006, 2007 incidents at CPI, were
they breaking the Tier 3 rules at that time?

Mr. Worobel: The reduction of the hazardous materials that would have
qualified for the CalARP were reduced subsequently. The—Molly.

Ms. Stump: In fact the City did not have what we're now calling the Tier 3
rule in place at that time. The Council adopted that 300-foot buffer distance

                                                                            Page 66 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
