                          TRANSCRIPT
block over only has 12 homes on that block, which have driveways and
garages while the multifamily doesn't. There are many reasons to consider
some block issues. The second item is about what Neilson mentioned about
distribution of the employee parking within the zones. The streets closest to
the edge of the zones closest to Downtown are the ones that are going to be
packed, like a number of the streets are now closest to the Downtown, while
the outer sides of the zones will have some parking. If there's some way to
better distribute employee parking, whether it's having parking on one side
of the street and the other side of the street be open to residents and the
second side of the street be open to employees or residents. That is one
idea. The third point was concern about the continuing spread of the
employee parking to the farther district. I know Sue-Ellen mentioned about
half a mile. For 7 years, I worked in San Francisco. I walked almost a mile
to Caltrain every day. When I got to San Francisco, I walked over a mile to
get to my office Downtown. People will walk. Thank you very much.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you very much. Next speaker is Perry Irvine, to
be followed by Fred Kohler.

Perry A. Irvine: Good evening. My name's Perry Irvine. I live at 1135
Waverley. We're the second house in from Lincoln. From the day the
Program was instituted, the parking in front of our house and our entire
block going well into the next block and then (inaudible) has been
completely impacted. Anybody coming to visit us simply has no place to
park unless they park in our driveway. Leslie Evers and I went around and
gathered signatures on a petition. We had 18 out of 20 people in the
neighborhood sign. The Staff has recommended that we be included, and
we think we should be included. I would say that, as far as setting up the
concentric zones is concerned, what we've seen is that people park where
it's the least expensive. If you put a border on Lincoln, they'll be parking in
front of our house if it's more expensive to park in the next block or closer to
Downtown. You may not relieve the problem by simply adopting concentric
zones with less expensive parking further away. You've got to come up with
a greater solution for this. I also own 635 Bryant Street, across the street.
For many years, we were assessed, I think, about $90,000 to build the
parking garages. The day that we first started looking around, I went down
on a Friday at noon, and my wife and I both went to the top floors of each of
the parking garages. There were no cars. I've got pictures to show it. This
may have improved. The other thing that has been deferred on the
expansion, building another parking garage. We've seen for a long time that
it doesn't necessarily solve the problem. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you, Perry. Next speaker is Fred Kohler, to be
followed by Eileen Skrabutenas.
                                                                        Page 39 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
