                            MINUTES
Ms. Stump indicated the methodology would be approved in advance of the
appraisals being performed.

Council Member Filseth reiterated that if the Council passed the Amendment,
then the Hearing Officer would approve or deny the appraisal methodology.
He inquired about the process if the Council did not pass the Amendment.

Council Member Scharff understood the appraisal methodology would be
submitted to the Hearing Officer whether or not the Council passed the
Amendment. The issue was the effective date of the closure plan.

Ms. Stump advised that additional details were needed.

Council Member Scharff did not accept Section (g), because he did not want
to delay the closure plan when the park owner had agreed to obtaining
updated appraisals.

Council Member Burt disagreed. With Section (f) alone, there would be no
approval of the methodology. The final appraisal would utilize the new
methodology proposed by the appraiser without any approval process.

Council Member Filseth felt Section (f) should be suggestive as opposed to
directive. Mr. Beccaria stated earlier that the appraisals accounted for all
factors relating to the community.        The amenities discussion in the
Ordinance was not part of the appraisal discussion. It was part of the
definition of comparable mobile home parks. He was concerned by the
Council's directing the appraisal methodology.

Council Member Kniss asked if it was important for the Hearing Officer to
approve the methodology.

Council Member Scharff would agree to the Hearing Officer having the
authority to approve the methodology, but he would not agree to delaying
the closure plan.

Council Member Wolbach was worried that the Amendment placed an undue
burden on the applicant and substantially changed and expanded the
process. He would not support the Amendment.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 Burt, DuBois, Schmid yes

Council Member Wolbach believed Mr. Beccaria offered a good concept;
however, Mr. Beccaria wanted to consult with others before ruling out other
possible methods. Any Council guidance should align more closely with Mr.
Beccaria's suggested methodology.

                                                                      Page 39 of 41
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 04/14/15
