                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
add to the Motion, “request Staff provide the Comprehensive Plan Citizens
Advisory Committee (CAC) comparative impacts of restaurants versus other
retail on trip generation and parking.”

Council Member Burt: Just briefly to speak to it. I think this is going to be
something for us to try to understand as we're really getting a grip on really
our Downtown areas. We had had this discussion as a community I think
back in the late '90s, where the trip generation and the parking demands for
restaurants apparently are significantly higher than for other traditional
retail. Although I think that our downtowns have been enriched by vibrant
restaurant activity, I think we need to understand is that limitless, what are
the consequences of it. I'm not making any proposal at this time for a
specific goal or what's more a policy or program. I'd like the CAC to look at
this and study it and have data to be able to have an informed conversation
about it.

Mayor Holman: I don't really need to add to that. Do you have anything
else?

Council Member Burt: Not at this time.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I have some comments about L-8. Are we going to
do that later after this ...

Council Member Scharff: Point of order.

Mayor Holman: While we're on this, let's just stay on this.

Council Member Filseth:    I'll come back to that.   In that case, I have a
question for Tom on ...

Council Member Scharff: Point of order. Aren't we just talking about the
amendment now that you've made the amendment? Isn't that the way we
do it?

Mayor Holman: You're very right. You're very right. I'm so sorry. Yes, it is
a separate amendment. Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: Then I will wait until after the amendment.

Council Member Scharff: Sorry, I just ...

Mayor Holman: Are there any comments on the amendment?
                                                                       Page 72 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
