                          TRANSCRIPT
Google and not gotten that to move forward, I for one would have been very
unhappy. I'm very glad that you did this and that you came for clarification
and all that. I think that's great.

Mr. Keene: Can I just add something again to this? I think this is
important. I'm glad that you didn't even get into the details of the Staff
recommendation. I really think the issues of any budget amendments for
capacity with the consultant or even our need to bring in on-Staff expertise
are really secondary. I mean, they're just implementation or tools we need
to have. We may not even need to proceed with them as we're asking to
have the authority. The real question for you right now is to say what you
said, that you don't want us to let Google, at least unconsciously, slip away
from the City and for us to pursue this co-build kind of option as the CAC
Members have put forward. That's where we need to put our energy. There
were other directives about doing more detailed analysis and comparison of
the consultant to CTC, a consultant's study about getting the RFI issued
which is really a way to concurrently, as I understand it, sort of test the
marketplace for the interests of different approaches that people might take.
I think that that's secondary to this primary directive that you're giving us
right now. Over the next month, next four to six weeks, that seems to be
the most important thing that we ought to be doing.

Council Member Scharff: In terms of actually saying—if we could just bring
up ... Would it make more sense to say—could you just bring it ... To move
forward with Google—just leave it where it is. To move forward with either
Google or AT&T to do a co-build, should we just say that or do you want to
say to concurrently lay City fiber? What's the best language to get that
right?

Mr. Keene: Maybe Jonathan and folks need to jump in. I'm going to get out
of my expertise here at all. My understanding is that the approach and the
scale of what Google is potentially thinking about and AT&T are thinking
about are pretty significantly different really. I don't think they necessarily
would apply to an either/or as if it's the same sort of thing. I mean, I think
the option of a co-build reaching 100 percent of the City, as I understand it,
is much more possible with Google than it is with AT&T, that they have their
own sort of strategy about what they're going to (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: I just didn't want to limit your negotiations.

Mr. Keene: Good. I just wanted to be clear that we'd probably be tilting in
one direction more than the other, unless we were surprised by AT&T.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second?

                                                                           Page 97 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
