                             MINUTES
programs to prevent youth suicide.       Metal disks reflected the sun into
commuters' eyes.

Jeff Hosea, Sera Architects representing Google, read a letter from Google
and mentioned the bridge would benefit the entire region. Google was
willing to work with the City in granting an easement for the project to cross
its property. Google preferred the design of the Moffatt and Nichol team.

Kirk Gharda, Sierra Club, preferred the design of the Moffatt and Nichol team
because the bridge design should focus on enabling access to nature and
improving the Baylands.

Alice Mansell indicated that the environmental review would be difficult and
said the bird diverters would be hazardous for drivers. She requested the
Council select the Moffatt and Nichol design.

Emily Renzel supported the Moffatt and Nichol design as it fit into the low-
key profile of the Baylands and Palo Alto. The glint of bird diverters
distracted drivers, as would birds falling into traffic after having struck
bridge cables. This area of Highway 101 was a high accident area.

Roy Snyder indicated a simple, expeditiously built, and cost-effective
overcrossing was needed. Bridge amenities were superfluous. The City did
not need to build a star-spangled, arched bridge. The suspension arch
concept detracted from the ambience and serenity of the natural beauty of
the Baylands.

Carl Jones was looking forward to a bridge over Highway 101. Both designs
were gorgeous. He did not favor motion-based lighting and said he favored
a northbound access to the bridge.

Shelby Sinkler, Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society, supported the Moffatt
and Nichol submission because it embraced all design criteria and guidelines
and did not attempt to mitigate bird safety. She reviewed correspondence
from the public and stated that 83 letters opposed Submission A, HNTB and
76 letters supported Submission C, Moffatt and Nichol.

Claire Elliott was excited by the prospect of a year-round overpass and by
Submission C, Moffatt and Nichol. She was concerned about bird safety with
respect to Submission A, HNTB. Migrating birds traveled through Palo Alto.

Michael Heaney noted the Moffatt and Nichol design segregated pedestrians
from cyclists with only a painted line. The HNTB design utilized a barrier.
That barrier would prevent collisions between cyclists and pedestrians.



03/16/2015                                                             117- 103
