                          TRANSCRIPT
have their project lined up, then apply for construction funding. When you
have cities like Palo Alto or Mountain View that have more complex projects,
that will get everybody at the starting point and at the same place and
reduce the risk that Palo Alto will be in the back of the line because of
complexity. Number 2, as another member of the public has mentioned,
thank you very much for looking at funding sources, bringing in local funding
and additional funding to afford a more expensive option.              Another
mechanism or set of mechanisms to look at might be value capture funding,
using the incremental value of additional real estate to help pay for
infrastructure, not in the bad old PC zoning way, where we say how much do
we want and then what are we willing to put up with, but in the lines of the
City's planning process. What does the City want from a community goal,
land use goal and then how does that relate to the corridor goal and project
goal. Lastly, thank you for supporting a Context Sensitive Solution process.
I would hope that Palo Alto can work with other cities and community
stakeholder groups. High Speed Rail in doing this planning is saying, "We
are willing to be convened by others coming to us." I think that we should
take them up on their offer to look at both regional issues like the schedule
plan and the business plan for how the blended system will work. Huge
questions. How to get the more rail capacity on the line, regional question,
not something that an individual city can figure out. Lastly, locally sensitive
issues like grade separations and station design where warranted. Thank
you very much.

Elizabeth Alexis: Good evening, Council. I think this may be the first time
I've ever gotten to speak to Council before 7:00 p.m. It is a delight to be
here at such an early hour. My name is Elizabeth Alexis, and I wear several
hats, but tonight I'm here as a member of CARRD, Californians Advocating
Responsible Rail Design. We advocated in the last go around to use Context
Sensitive Solutions, which was accepted. I will say that the implementation
was really not classic CSS. That doesn't mean that we shouldn't do it again,
but there's even more of a need to do it right. Via email earlier, we sent a
lengthy update of all sorts of things. I really want to talk about CSS tonight.
In the Staff memo, it says there might not be time to do CSS. There's
always time to do CSS if you want your project to get to the finish line,
especially when you're dealing with a situation like we have here where
there's a lot of complexities. In order to make all the pieces fit together,
you're probably going to have to change some of the assumptions. CSS is a
stakeholder process. It is not a free-for-all stakeholder process. It is not
the Palo Alto process. It's a very structured way to get people in the room
who need to be in the room talking together. We have this happen during a
CEQA process, but we don't talk at the same time. You submit comments.
There are various experts who are working on the thing. They reply. Then
you reply back. This is a way to get everybody in the room. The most
                                                                         Page 13 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
