                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

7.   Comprehensive Plan Update Planning Process Status and Review of
     Existing Comprehensive Plan Goals and Vision Statements.

Mayor Holman:      Assistant City Manager, I believe this is your first
presentation to Council. Is that right?

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Yes, it is.       I've now activated the
microphone, so I've passed the first test.

Mayor Holman: You're indoctrinated, so welcome.

Mr. Shikada: Thank you.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Holman, Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. This next item is, I hope, going to be a long and fruitful discussion
of the ongoing update to the City's Comprehensive Plan. My presentation is
somewhat longer than usual, but there are several complex issues to talk
about tonight. One is we want to give you an update on the planning
process itself and spend some time on that. Then we want to continue a
discussion that was started earlier this year with the Council on the structure
of the Comprehensive Plan. As we go into the update, it would be useful for
us to have the Council's direction and input on the overall structure of the
Plan. We had discussed at an earlier session the overall vision statement
and themes of the Comprehensive Plan. Today we're going to focus on the
next level down, which is the Vision Statements for each of the individual
chapters or Elements of the Plan and then the Goals and the subheadings
that form the structure of those elements. Before I get into the process part
of this, I wanted to say again thank you to the Council for identifying this
important planning effort as one of your Priorities this year. Also, thank you
to the Leadership Group of Palo Alto citizens who have been working with us
to plan the May 30th [Comprehensive Plan] Summit and the outreach efforts
that will follow and to the Staff and the Planning [and Transportation]
Commission that has been working on the Comprehensive Plan Update for
many years now and put a lot of effort and thought into some of the
materials that you're going to review this evening. I like to start every
presentation on the Comprehensive Plan Update with a short summary of
the reasons we're doing this. There are really four reasons that we've
identified. The first is that the Plan that we're working under right now,
called Embracing the New Century, was adopted in 1998, and there have
been changes in circumstances. The world has changed quite a bit since
1998, and it's necessary for us to update our State-required Comprehensive
Plan. General Plans like the Comprehensive Plan are often referred to as the
                                                                          Page 20 of 60
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                Trasncript: 04/27/2015
