                             MINUTES
Action Items

6.    PUBLIC HEARING: Approval of a Mitigated Negative Declaration and a
      Site & Design Review and Design Enhancement Exception Application
      for a Three Story Mixed-Use Building on a 27,000 Square Foot Site
      Zoned Service Commercial (CS) at 441 Page Mill Road. The Project
      Would Contain 21,540 Square Feet of Commercial Space, 91 Off-Street
      Parking Spaces, and Ten Apartment Units, Including Three Below
      Market Rate Units, and Includes a Request for Three “Off Menu”
      Concessions Under Palo Alto Municipal Code Section 18.15 and the
      State Density Bonus Law.

Mayor Holman requested Council Member disclosures.

Council Member Berman met with the Applicant, but did not learn any
information not contained within the public record.

Council Member Burt had a brief phone conversation with the Applicant's
architect, but did not receive any information not contained within the public
record.

Council Member Kniss met with the Applicant, but did not learn any new
information.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, noted that
the State Density Bonus Law contained disadvantages for local agencies.
Staff had to support significant concessions based on the fact that the
project included three units of Below Market Rate (BMR) housing. A written
public comment suggested the Municipal Code did not require concessions
and Density Bonus Law concessions were optional. That was not the case.

Russ Reich, Senior Planner, reported the site had been rezoned from single-
family residential to Service Commercial (CS) with a Site and Design
Overlay. The site was bounded by the Kelly-Moore Paint Store, a veterinary
hospital, multifamily buildings, and single-family residences. In June 2014,
the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) recommended Council
approval of the project.        PTC discussion focused on density bonus
concessions. The PTC requested a value at completion analysis, which was
done. The Architectural Review Board (ARB) held three hearings. The ARB
maintained the zoning approval for height, but changed the front elevation.
The building was moved three feet back from the build-to line in order to
incorporate street trees. The Staff Arborist reported space was sufficient for
the trees to achieve the desired privacy screening across the rear.


                                                                         Page 8 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
