                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: If we're leaving the linkages. I need you to explain
what that is anyway. I didn't know what that meant. Let's go ahead and ...

Council Member Scharff: Part of this is extending Park Boulevard south. It
could go too far if you look at it. Whereas, if you look at the first building,
someone's got a proposal on it. It's right next to—what's ...

Council Member Burt: California Central.

Council Member Scharff: California Central which has some retail there in
the bottom floor. The next building over, they're planning on tearing down
and building a new building there. That should have low retail; however,
Council Member Burt is right that beyond that, given the way the block is
already broken with the big Holbach development, it makes no sense to ...

Council Member Burt: Groupon.

Council Member Scharff: ... to beyond that.

Mayor Holman: That's why I don't think there's much there. That's why I
didn't think it was a big deal to ...

Council Member Scharff: Right. That one building would extend the retail
and is a good place for retail, to extend it.

Council Member Berman: Can you say Park Boulevard to a certain street?

Council Member Scharff: If you have "extending Park Boulevard south," it's
fine because it doesn't matter other than that building.

Council Member Burt: May I speak to that?

Council Member Scharff: Sure.

Council Member Burt: As you go south there, there are other buildings
along Park that are auto repair and other functions. There's a whole bunch
of buildings there.

Council Member Scharff: How about extending it just south as far as that
first—what's the first street you come to? It's Sheridan.

Mayor Holman: Sherman.

Council Member Burt: Sherman first.

Council Member Scharff: We extend it just as far as Sherman.

                                                                         Page 81 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
