                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: The only part I would mention is that I was pleased
to see that in choosing which company you were going to use, which is on
packet page 376, you went into considerable detail about why you didn't
choose Data Ticket or SP Plus, but chose Serco. They're very much aligned
with what you had chosen. I would certainly support that. Additionally, this
is going to be a phenomenal program. I have high hopes for it. The general
public has been waiting for this, especially slightly north, slightly south, for a
long time. We're all going to be interested in finding out what the results
are, who is parking where. I imagine we're going to get lots of feedback
from a whole variety of sources. It's a pleasure to be moving on with the
RPP.

Council Member Scharff: I'm pleased we're finally moving forward with the
RPP. I know this is something the community has wanted. It's taken
forever. It's embarrassing how long it's taken. It's not a fault of Staff. It's
unfortunate. I'm disappointed in our friends at SEIU for delaying this for six
months when they know that the community wanted it, put the City towards
thousands and thousands of dollars in terms of having to do a hearing,
having to cause us to have to go to PER on this whole issue, when this isn't
in the purview of PER, and then to take the time of the fact finders who then
wrote a long opinion. How long was the hearing?

Suzanne Mason, Assistant City Manager: It was all day on the 29th of May.

Council Member Scharff: To put the City through all of that, to put the
public through all of that, and then there's not a single person here from
SEIU. That's shocking. I'm very disappointed that that kind of thing would
happen. I'm glad the RPP is moving forward and look forward to its timely
and quick implementation.

Council Member Berman: I agree that it's vital that we roll out the RPP as
quickly as possible. We're already quite over the time that we said we'd
start the pilot. It's about time we get started with that. I received an email
a couple of weeks ago with a proposal from SEIU that heavily emphasized
the use of—what's the technical term?          The license plate recognition
programs. I noticed that in the Staff Report we talk about, not in a ton of
detail, why those aren't appropriate for the Downtown RPP. Could you guys
expand a little bit on why Staff doesn't think the license plate recognition
programs are the appropriate technology?

Ms. Mason: Hillary is the expert on this, but having been on the panel for
fact finding I have some background in it now. The discussion with SEIU
was that they suggested the use of this technology in the RPP. While Staff
acknowledged we were willing to explore the use of new technology, it was

                                                                            Page 41 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 06/29/15
