                          TRANSCRIPT
separate item at the end, that would allow Council Member Filseth, who's
otherwise recused, to rejoin the Council. I just wished to make that
comment. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Took the words right out of my mouth.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach has a question.

Council Member Wolbach: Sorry, just a quick follow-up question about that.
Because a significant portion of the discussion around the VTA measure may
incorporate discussion about grade separations, is there a way that we can
handle that that would still allow Council Member Filseth to return to the
conversation?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. The initial conversation
around the county measure that the Council had a few weeks ago was at a
very high level in terms of looking at a potential county measure and
funding for Caltrain generally, which would include a variety of capacity
improvements and other safety measures, quality of life measures such as
grade separation. At that level of generality, Council Member Filseth could
join the conversation. If the Council is at a point where it wishes to be more
specific as to particular crossings and discuss trading off different priorities,
then the matter looks different and Council Member Filseth will probably not
rejoin at this stage.

Mayor Holman: I have four cards at this moment with another one or two
coming. Martin Sommer to be followed by Stephen Rosenblum. You'll have
three minutes each please.

Martin Sommer: My name is Martin Sommer. From what I understand,
we're still on Item 1, and I had put down Item 2. Should say Item 2 at the
top.

Mayor Holman: You can speak to any of the—it's one action item, and so
you can speak to any of the three parts that you wish.

Mr. Sommer: Thank you. Given that. My name is Martin Sommer. I'm a
Palo Alto resident. For any of you who do not know or who were not here at
the time, I'm actually the originator of the "blended" process. In 2009
Cubberley Center first community meeting, a small group session, I
proposed the blended system. I threw it out there. It took root. Here we
are six years later. The reason I say that is that I have two other ideas to
throw out there. I wanted to show the power of a basic idea and how far it
                                                                           Page 10 of 70
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/13/15
