                         TRANSCRIPT
shot, but I'm right on the edge of the border which is—I live on Greer. It's
2889 Greer. I'm right at the end. I'm in favor of—you have a proposal here
of leaving off Amarillo and Greer. Greer has many—if you go up Greer, it's a
long street. It has many two-story homes in the section that I'm in; there's
many on down the street. If you keep on going down, there's two-story
houses all the way down. It doesn't make sense to me to just cut it off at
that point. The homeowners will lose out. If they ever want to build or their
family in the future ever wants to build, this doesn't make any sense to me
at all. Property value isn't going to be the same. People with a large family
aren't going to be interested in a house that they can't add onto, number
one. Number two, if you end up doing this—I could see Metro Circle, if
everybody in that area are interested in maintaining the height of their
homes and without expanding them, that's fine because they're kind of in a
separate little nook. Greer Road and Amarillo is two completely different
areas. My backyard backs up to one of those big backyards in Metro Circle.
I can't even see the house. I mean, it's massive. On either side, it's the
same way. Let's see if there was anything else I wanted to make sure and
mention. Right on time. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Jay Perera to be followed by Rhea Tauiliani.

Jay Perera: Hi, I'm Jay Perera. I live in 1049 Amarillo Avenue. I have lived
in Midtown for past 25 years. What I have seen for the last 25 years, the
people who are living in this area is changing. They're more educated and
they need more space. Their needs are different from the people who live in
the past. I look at my neighbors who lived for 50 years. I am actually
opposing for any changes for the zoning because, like, technology, we
cannot hang onto the past.          Also, I heard the last conversation, like
everybody's telling, we need options for when we're laying fiber optics we
don't want to give to Google. The same way, the new residents like me who
are coming here, that is the future. I think we should leave the options laid
out for everybody to make their futures, because we have—anybody can
build a nice house without blocking light and preserving privacy for others. I
have experience. I have past three years bought and sold 30 houses. If
somebody comes here and tell me that the single-story house is equal to
two-story house, it's my personal experience buying and selling, I can tell
you that it's not true. There's a big difference compared to my house to my
neighbor's if you look at (inaudible). The only difference is mine is two-
story. It's next door, and it's a huge difference. That is 1045, 47, and I'm
1049. It's at least a half million to a million. Whatever their presentation,
what they did is not true. My personal experience buying and selling 30
houses, within the last 30 years there's a big difference. I think I would
really appreciate it, leave it alone. If somebody wants to, let them make the

                                                                         Page 121 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
