                         TRANSCRIPT
our staff that actually earn minimum wage. My assumption here is that the
goal for an Ordinance such as this is to actually help the lowest wage
earners of all of our businesses, which we were always inspired to do. The
reality is that California and a lot of the Council Members that I've talked
with don't seem to—I don't want to say that you don't understand, but
that's a huge issue for us. The more money that we have to pay our
minimum wage earners, the less money we have to pay our other staff
members that don't receive tips. I'm going to give you an example
(inaudible); hopefully I won't run over the three minutes. Basically, what
we're suggesting is don't vote on this issue tonight. Give it a couple more
weeks thought and, as Nancy pointed out, get out into the community and
talk to our businesses.       We have ideas that would actually support
increasing the minimum wage, but mitigating some of those costs by
introducing this total compensation idea or a tip credit. This is basically a
snapshot from our business, which is I'd say moderately successful after 18
years. The reality is that we have 40 staff members. Fifteen of our staff
members make minimum wage. Now, of those 15, in what we call total
compensation which is tips and wages, they're in $22 an hour. On the
higher end of the spectrum, they're earning almost 50. Now on January 1st
we're prepared for the State minimum wage to go up to $10. That's going
to cost our business $20,000 just in raw labor wages. It doesn't include
taxes, doesn't include workers' compensation insurance that will go up.
We've got to raise our revenues $55,000 to accommodate that. Now, if the
City ...

Mayor Holman: Mr. Ekwall, I do need to ask you to wrap up, if you could
please.

Mr. Ekwall: I'll wrap up in 30 seconds. If the City adds another $1 on,
then that's going to cost us another 20 which equals 40 on January 1st,
$40,000. We've got to raise our revenue $110,000. What we're asking is
before you vote on this, consider a total compensation work credit. The
reality is that $40,000 is going to 15 employees that make tips, $22 an
hour. Our other 25 employees ...

Mayor Holman: I need to ask you to wrap ...

Mr. Ekwall: ... they're making a wage ...

Mayor Holman: I need to ask you to wrap up, Mr. Ekwall.

Mr. Ekwall: ... get no additional money. That's the huge problem with this
issue. Thank you. I apologize for going over time.


                                                                         Page 21 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
