                            MINUTES
Action Items

8.    Approval of Concept Plan Line and Implementation Plan for the Maybell
      Avenue Bicycle Boulevard and Churchill Avenue Enhanced Bikeway
      Projects.

Jaime Rodriguez, Chief Transportation Officer, reported that Maybell Avenue
had been designated as a bicycle boulevard for several years. The goal of
the Maybell Avenue Bicycle Boulevard Project was to extend the bicycle
boulevard and connect it to other facilities. Staff wanted to extend the
bicycle boulevard across El Camino Real onto El Camino Way to East
Meadow Drive and to improve connections along Georgia Avenue and Donald
Drive. Staff held four community meetings for the Maybell Avenue Project.
Overall, the community supported the project, because the proposed
facilities aligned with the vision of the Barron Park neighborhood.
Community members preferred green facilities be located on El Camino Way,
but not on Georgia Avenue and Donald Drive. El Camino Way contained a
combination of residences and commercial spaces. Staff proposed the use of
greenback sharrows. A bicycle lane could be added to the southbound
approach without removing parking. On Maybell Avenue, the existing bike
lane could be preserved, and sharrows could be utilized for the other
direction. Staff was not proposing removal of any existing all-way stops
along Maybell Avenue.       Some areas of bicycle/pedestrian/automobile
interaction could be improved; therefore, Staff proposed creating an
intersection table. Barron Park did not have any sidewalk facilities, and
community members indicated a desire for pedestrian and bicycle space.
Existing pavement space could be stamped or colored to designate space for
pedestrians and bicyclists. Marking that space would be determined in the
design phase. Sharrows were a near-term option, and texturing or coloring
pavement and raising the intersection were long-term options. At Georgia
Avenue and Donald Drive, Staff heard concerns about speeding. Staff
proposed traffic calming measures including speed tables and use of white
sharrows. Staff proposed removing fences along and widening or realigning
the Gunn High School spur path to make it safer. At Churchill Avenue, Staff
proposed extending the existing Embarcadero Trail from Castilleja Avenue to
El Camino Real and improvements at Castilleja Avenue where the bicycle
boulevard intersected with Churchill Avenue to eliminate confusion at the El
Camino Real intersection.

There was a great deal of community interest in safety for pedestrians,
specifically implementing turn restrictions at key intersections.     The
community suggested increasing intersection visibility, moving bicyclists
from the bike lane on Churchill Avenue to the trail behind Palo Alto High
School, and adding crosswalks as traffic calming devices across Churchill

01/20/2015                                                           216- 341
