                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: We're nowhere near ...

Council Member Wolbach:       I was going to suggest another Amendment
about that.

Council Member Filseth: A comment. The intent here is correct. I would be
a little worried—we should be cognizant of potential unintended
consequences. If we put a fixed limit on number of restaurants—obviously
we don't want to turn it into restaurant row. If we put a fixed limit, are we
going to have the unintended consequence that an expensive restaurant like
AV drives out a more community kind of restaurant like Johnny's Café? I
want to make sure that we don't bake in something that has something like
that happen.

Mayor Holman: My only comment on this is what's an appropriate level?
This gives no specificity in terms of that. Is the intention to limit conversion
of retail to restaurants?       I'm not sure what the intention is of the
Amendment. If the maker can respond to that. The other comment I would
make is—it's to do with that too. To Council Member Filseth's comment, is it
only going to be the most expensive restaurants that can survive? Does
that mean that we just open the floodgates to restaurants on any street?
There's got to be a limit in some manner. Can the maker of the Amendment
speak to what "appropriate level of limiting restaurants" means?

Council Member Wolbach: This is why we want to leave it flexible. The idea
here is that in our direction to Staff and P&TC that we're establishing that we
think it's a concern, requires much more study and discussion and
consideration than we're willing to offer tonight. My intention with this
Amendment was to make it more flexible and less specific than the original
language offered.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member Berman to replace in the Motion Part E, “limiting restaurants
on California Avenue to the current percentage; and independently, also to
any extended ground floor district” with “looking at an appropriate limiting of
restaurants on California Avenue.”

Mayor Holman: Seeing no other lights, vote on the board please. The
Amendment is to look at an appropriate level of limiting restaurants on
California Avenue. That passes on a 7 to 1 vote with Mayor Holman voting
no and Council Member Kniss absent or not participating.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-1 Holman no, Kniss absent


                                                                         Page 69 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
