                          TRANSCRIPT

thing is—I'll add a little bit more under Council Member comments, but it is
appropriate to share here. Council Member DuBois and I were appointed by
the Mayor, and we had our first meeting with the Santa Clara Valley Water
District and three of their Board Members on future potable water recycling
potentials. Potentially a large amount of dollars over a long period of time
would come to the Palo Alto-managed wastewater treatment plant, which
serves six different agencies. One of the takeaways that tentatively looks to
be the case is that if we go in the future—this is not going to be in a few
years. It's going to be a good number of years. It's a big project. We
toured the San Jose potable water recycling facility, and it's a big, efficient
operation. A huge facility with two people operating it. It's a really amazing
thing. The bottom line is that the cost of producing that potable water from
recycled water is significantly lower—certainly on an operating level, it
appears to be including amortizing the cost of the capital investment—than
is our Hetch Hetchy water today. It's a lot less than what we're going to be
paying for Hetch Hetchy water in the future. The long term, not only that
we create a sustainable water system by having this in the future, but it
would reduce the cost to our ratepayers. It's a really interesting potential.
We'll be continuing to report to the Council as this gets studied more and we
have real numbers that start emerging and policy discussions. I wanted to
put that out there, because we've had nothing but our costs of water going
up as the Hetch Hetchy system's been getting rebuilt. It's very interesting
that going toward a good percentage of recycled water potentially will
actually reduce the cost of our water.

Mayor Holman: I think I may have overlooked Staff who wanted to respond
to Council Member Wolbach's question earlier. No?

Mr. Abendschein: My only point there was as far as impacts to low-income
consumers, low-income consumers while they're not exclusively low users,
they trend more toward low users. If you look at the structure of the
surcharges, it's a cost-based structure but the surcharges for the first 6 ccf
are a lot smaller than for higher ccf. The impacts are a lot less for lower
users. That will help as well.

Council Member DuBois: Following up on Council Member Burt's. Is it
possible to show individual users on their bill this is what you would pay and
maybe take their highest month, so that you would actually show savings
with the drought or are we limited by our billing system? Is our billing
system archaic?


                                                                        Page 45 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
