                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt?

Council Member Burt: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to evaluate any
additional facilities that may fall under the Ordinance and direct Staff to
explore amortization for those facilities.”

Mayor Holman:       Thank you for that City Attorney.           I'll certainly be
supporting the Motion. I also support the comments made by Council
Member Kniss and encourage Staff to pursue that. Also I think before this
comes back, too I think any information that we could have about the
seismic capability of the building would be really, I think, information that
we should know. With that, we will be voting here for Staff to prepare two
ordinances, substantially in the form of the draft ordinances, regulating
hazardous materials users and establishing a schedule for amortizing a
nonconforming use to be reviewed by the Planning and Transportation
Commission and consideration by the City Council at a noticed public hearing
before the end of February 2016 with the exception that Staff is to be
directed to prohibit Tier 3 uses; and also direct Staff to work with the
neighborhood stakeholders and CPI to explore whether there is a resolution
that could add substantial neighborhood protections such as better
communication tools and/or a shorter period to eliminate the plating shop
from the site while considering CPI's concerns about the 2026 date. Also
added to the Motion with the acceptance of the maker and seconder, direct
Staff to evaluate any additional facility that may fall under the ordinance and
direct Staff to explore amortization for that facility. (inaudible) for that or
those facilities.   With that, vote on the board please.             That passes
unanimously. Thank you, colleagues. Thank you to the Staff, public and
CPI.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

15.   Resolution 9560 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Establishing Interim Minimum Standards and Leasing Policies for
      the Palo Alto Airport” and Resolution 9561 Entitled, “Resolution of the
      Council of the City of Palo Alto Revising the Airport Schedule of Fees
      and Charges.”

Mayor Holman: With that, colleagues, we go to Item Number 15 which is
adoption of a Resolution establishing interim minimum standards and leasing
policies for the Palo Alto Airport and adoption of a Resolution revising the
airport schedule of fees and charges.        Staff, are you ready for your
presentation?
                                                                              Page 85 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
