                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: You too. Are there certain directions that you would
like to see the HRC take that are different from what they have taken in the
past that are emphasis?

Ms. Stinger: What I've read from the Agenda Packets and from the Minutes,
I see nothing different. I might have missed something, but what I've read
is that they seem to be on target for addressing immediate needs, but also
being able to develop an agenda for the future, like taking a longer term
view. They certainly run a tight meeting. I was extremely impressed by
some of the minutes that were so in-depth, and then they ended by 8:40. I
thought, "This is one hell of a Chairwoman."

Mayor Holman: She is.

Ms. Stinger: I don't; I want to just continue.

Council Member Burt: I saw that you spoke about senior issues. Is that an
area that you think we should have greater emphasis in? If so, how?

Ms. Stinger: At the time when I did my application, I was going through a
horrific experience with my mother. That certainly colored my experience. I
was intrigued that that was the outcome of one of their Study Sessions.
Yes, I do think that's an area where we could continue to focus. Was it five
years ago we had a study in the City that said, now I’m going to get the
numbers wrong, 30 percent of our population would be over 55 in 2030.
Please forgive me if I have these numbers wrong, because I haven't used
them in a while. That's a population that needs some attention. It might be
transportation. It might be an expansion of Avenidas' services, more library
programs, certainly low-income rental. I found a lot of board and care
facilities where my mother could live in Redwood City. Not so much in Palo
Alto. I'm going to change gears for a second. I remember doing a dinner
for homeless. We prepared the dinner; we bought the food; we prepared
the dinner; we all sat down to dinner together. The man across from me
looked me and said, "Hi." He was a man I had worked with and there by the
grace of God. He was on the other side of the table. I think we need to
remember that we're a very wealthy community, but we need to be able to
care for a lot of different people in housing. Transportation for elderly
citizens is important even though we think that we are well taken care of
and we're secure.

Council Member Filseth:      You talked before about the importance of
diversity, especially economic diversity in town. How can the HRC make a
bigger difference than they do now?


                                                                       Page 6 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 05/04/15
