                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I'll make the motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: So moved. Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Scharff, second by Vice Mayor
Schmid, to approve the Resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid
to adopt the Resolution expressing appreciation to Grant Kolling upon his
retirement.
Mayor Holman: Vote on the board please. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Scharff: Maybe you could tell us a little bit about the
European taxation. Sorry.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0
Mayor Holman: That passes unanimously. Thank you all.

Mayor Holman: Mr. Kolling, would you care to make some comments?

Grant Kolling: Yes, thank you. Good evening, Mayor Holman and Members
of the Council. Thank you, Council Member Scharff. I think you had a
question about European taxation.          When I actually graduated from
Hastings, I wanted to be a tax lawyer. After five years of practicing tax law,
I decided I didn't have the temperament to be a tax lawyer, so I thought I'd
do something else. I became a corporate lawyer before I decided my calling
really was as a public agency attorney. I will take with me some great
memories of working here in Palo Alto. It was a lot of fun. With all that you
described that I've done, it almost feels like I've been working for at least 35
years. Time flies when you're having fun. Anyway, I appreciate the efforts.
I was taking a friend through Palo Alto Downtown last weekend to have
dinner at one of the local restaurants and was pointing out to her some of
the projects I worked on over here in City Hall. It's good to see at least
some of my handiwork. I'll take the credit for that. If there's only blame,
you can pass that on to Molly Stump. Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: At the risk of a very bad joke, I'm sure we're all interested
in what his next calling is.

3.    United Nations Association Film Festival (UNAFF) Proclamation.

Mayor Holman: Our second Special Order of the Day is today the United
Nations Association Film Festival, UNAFF, Proclamation. Council Member
Kniss will read the Proclamation.

                                                                         Page 18 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
