                         TRANSCRIPT
where the bridge deck is only 8 feet wide, and the fences go out at an angle,
so you have a little more space. I think 12 feet will be really terrific.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Our final speak on this item is Herb Borock.

Herb Borock: The Staff Report on Packet Page 1138 refers to a part of the
project as being a path along the Santa Clara Valley Water District's
maintenance road for Adobe Creek. I thought we learned from the Matadero
Creek bicycle project idea that the Water District doesn't want us using
those maintenance roads. The $17 million number appears in two places.
One, it's an estimate of what the current contractor project would cost.
Then it's also on Packet Page 1140, the amount of money that Staff is
seeking for a budget. Those monies don't include the amount on packet
page 1141, the $890,000 in Staff time that has already been spent. The
more time Staff spends and the more changes there are, that's more Staff
time and more dollars that could be spent on other projects that Public
Works could be doing. The Google letter is here for the second time in 2
weeks. There are four reasons why I think you should ignore it at this time.
The first is that 2 weeks ago it appeared at your places with the Agenda
Item Number of the fiber to the premises project. You'll recall that was
something you voted on to essentially—I view as a gift of public funds
proposed to Google for paying to connect at the $300 a home all the
residences and businesses perhaps that don't want to pay for themselves to
connect to Google for which we get a fiber that we wouldn't use probably
and that we wouldn't light up and, therefore, wouldn't know whether it's
being deteriorated. Surely no one's going to go bribe you to give that much
money for Google's fiber project. If they gave a donation to somebody's
favorite charity or favorite project like a bridge, maybe you'd do it. That's
the first reason. The second reason is it really isn't a donation. They want
something in exchange for it. The third reason is that they're asking that
the design of the bridge be based on how much money they're giving you
rather than following the California Environmental Quality Act in determining
what the design of the project should be. The next reason is that they want
a traffic mitigation for an unnamed project. The way environmental review
goes is first someone submits a project application and you do the
environmental review and you determine the mitigation. The final reason is
there's not really a mitigation for anything because project components are
not themselves the mitigation. The City in the East Meadow Concept Area
Plan in the extension of the fiber ring to East Meadow and to provision of a
splice point for the fiber ring at East Meadow--I'll finish in less than a
minute. All were to encourage someone ...

Mayor Holman: That was 3 minutes.
                                                                     Page 108 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
