                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT TO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED:                           6-3 Burt,
Holman, Wolbach, no

Mayor Holman: We return then to the substitute motion which is the Mayor
appoint an ad hoc committee for the purpose of evaluating the benefits that
have been derived from PCs and if there are alternative mechanisms that
could provide these benefits or, alternately, at a high level a set of reforms
that are necessary to reform the PC process should we retain it. Vote on the
board please.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You left out the words "following the approval."

Mayor Holman: Yes. "Following the approval of the Comprehensive Plan."
I'm sorry. Vote on the board please. That passes on a 6-3 vote with a
different mix. Council Members Scharff, Filseth and DuBois voting no.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:                    6-3 DuBois, Filseth,
Scharff no

Mayor Holman: With that, question for Staff. I'd mentioned earlier that we
have as a part of this Staff Report—noting the time, it is midnight straight
up. We have Chapter 18.79. If I could ask if Staff can bring that back at a
subsequent time, I think there are some things in this that are critical. I'll
get to you in a just second, Council Member Filseth. I think there are some
things in this that are critical and helpful and should be addressed in the
near future, but I don't think midnight is the time to do that.

Council Member Filseth: I have a question here. Based on what we just
approved, is it clear what the status of PCs is at this time?

Mayor Holman: We did nothing. They're still in limbo. They're still on hold.

Council Member Filseth: There's still a moratorium?

Mayor Holman: On hold, yeah. Timeout, whatever we called it. Yes. Can
Staff bring back the 18.79 at a different time? 18.79 is Development Project
Preliminary Review Procedures. It's already written, so it's no additional
Staff work. We just need to find a time to address it on our agenda. Does
Staff have any comments regarding that?

Ms. Silver: I think that if you wanted to further discuss 18.79 and make
further amendments to it, I assume that you'll want to do that at a later
meeting. We can certainly bring that piece of the Ordinance back later.

Mayor Holman: That's what I was suggesting, that we do that. We don't
need a motion to do that, correct? Or do we?
                                                                         Page 78 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
