                         TRANSCRIPT
and speeding up and slowing down in terms of approaches to airports.
That's not gas efficiency. That's not fuel efficiency, which is the reason for
the rerouting. Is that being addressed in terms of pilot training?

Mr. Palmer: The FAA will tell you that they're working through these
procedures primarily for safety. They will say safety and efficiency, which
then falls under your comments. They would deny necessarily that they're
doing anything for any other reason. A lot of these things happen behind
the scenes. They're not necessarily playing in public, because they're
between the agency that is obviously regulating the safety of the airspace
and the airlines and the unions. That's not something we necessarily see on
a day-to-day basis. Unfortunately, I can't answer your question.

Mayor Holman: What would you like from this Council in order to find out
what success there has been in other communities that maybe are as far
along in the process as ours is?

Mr. Palmer: With the City Staff, we've started a good dialog in terms of
working together and trying to identify what we can do to help address the
situation in northern California. Since your visit to Washington in February,
we've tried to get more engaged with the other communities and understand
what is working effectively. Is it litigation? Is it public appeals? Is it
legislation? Is it studies? We're trying to develop that information in
working with the City. We've been working with Congresswoman Eshoo's
office. I don't know if we need anything right now to be able to help identify
what other communities are doing. At that point in time, hopefully we'll give
that information back to you and to the City. That'll help you formulate your
next steps.

Vice Mayor Schmid:       I noticed that you have on your list of grant
opportunities desalination.    That's seems particularly appropriate for
California at the current time. Is there anything going on in the Bay Area
that is connected to that?

Mr. Young: I can't speak to specific projects in the Bay Area, but I do know
that this issue is gaining a lot of support in Washington. Senator Feinstein
is, we hope, nearing completion of her drought response legislation, which
she has been trying to negotiate with her counterparts in the House. She
has indicated the desalination is a major component of her legislation as well
as enhancing storage capacity and generally building more flexibility into the
delivery system. In the coming weeks, I've got some meetings scheduled
on behalf of some water districts I do some work for, that are large
proponents of desal, to take a look at changing some Bureau of Reclamation
authorization programs as well as programs within the Corps of Engineers to

                                                                         Page 61 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
