                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We move then to Item Number 21. We have a few people
here with that interest. This is direction to provide financial support of $5
million for the Avenidas construction project that will expand the capacity of
senior programs and services provided by Avenidas at 450 Bryant Street
pending environmental review and approval of final project design by City
Boards, Commissions and the Council. Staff has a presentation.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor Holman,
Council Members. My name's Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services.
I have a brief presentation to introduce this item. Before I begin, I would
like to acknowledge that in the audience we have the current Executive
Director of Avenidas, Amy Andonian. We also have longtime previous
Executive Director and now the Capital Campaign Program Manager, Lisa
Hendrickson.     Also, I believe in the audience are a number of Board
Members and supporters of Avenidas. At the end of my brief introduction,
I'd like to offer Lisa Hendrickson a chance to say a few words about the
project. This evening, Staff brings forward a request for our long-term
partner, Avenidas, who are asking the City of Palo Alto to contribute $5
million to their $18 million capital campaign. Avenidas has been providing
the Palo Alto community senior services and programs for the past 40 years.
We have a vested interest in their success and hope to see this partnership
continue and strengthen in the years to come. Staff received this request;
we met internally numerous times and concluded we wholeheartedly support
the request. There are a number of reasons for that. First, the City of Palo
Alto and Avenidas have had a long and successful partnership. The City
recently renewed the lease for Avenidas to use the 450 Bryant Street
building for another 50 years, and they've been there since 1977. Secondly,
currently one-third of Palo Alto residents are 55 or over. By 2030, its
expected that half of Palo Alto residents will be over the age of 55. The mid-
Peninsula senior population is projected to increase by 113 percent over the
next 30 years. Another compelling statistic is that the senior population for
Palo Alto and the surrounding cities will double between 2000 and 2020, and
we're well into that already. Thirdly, the Avenidas project includes much
needed investment in the existing City-owned building at 450 Bryant Street.
The project will address deferred maintenance, seismic upgrades and the
replacement and upgrade of mechanical and electrical and plumbing systems
of this treasured building. Fourth and finally, Avenidas has a challenge
match gift of up to $4 million if a significant pledge is made to their capital
campaign, like the one before Council this evening. This pledge ends at the
end of the calendar; therefore, we're bringing it at this time. With regard to
Avenidas' project schedule, the design and review phase will be needed like
any other project.     The commitment of funds to the Avenidas capital
campaign this evening does not alter the need for environmental review,
approval of the project design, review and approval by City Boards,
                                                                       Page 65 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
