                         TRANSCRIPT
transportation corridors and services.       The parking requirements of
multifamily market rate and affordable housing should be reduced or
eliminated.    Other communities are doing this.       Our land use and
transportation decisions should meet our adopted sustainability and climate
action goals. This includes consciously reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
We need increased mobility for all ages. As you know, seniors, those are my
cohorts, are not only robust but we're growing in numbers, and you will be
there soon. The parking requirements of multifamily market rate and
affordable housing should be reduced or eliminated, as I mentioned earlier.
Reductions of parking requirements could be coupled with major
investments in transit including public transit and public-private shuttles.
Auto-free downtowns and comprehensive shuttles all over town should be a
major priority. You've heard me say before that grade separation of Caltrain
and BRT should be supported and prioritized. The challenging fact is we
continue to be very auto centric, which has hampered our abilities to plan for
a mid-urban future. I would also like you to address support of community
services because economic disparity is increasing. We need more support in
that area. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Drew and Kristy Dennison, which one of you
will be speaking?

Drew Dennison: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Drew to be followed by Jennifer Hetterly.

Mr. Dennison: Hello, City Council Members. I'm Drew Dennison, and this is
my wife Kristy. We're residents of Palo Alto; we've lived here for about 2
1/2 years. I'm originally from the suburbs of Chicago, and Kristy's from
about an hour north of Seattle. We met in college, and we decided to come
out here for job opportunities. We really love living in Palo Alto. We like to
take walks on Saturdays to Trader Joe's to buy our groceries. We recently
were traveling, and we came back and said we're really glad we live in Palo
Alto. We'd like to live here as long as we possibly can and raise a family
here. One of the things we're most concerned about is the economic
diversity of the City. We want our children to have a variety of friends with
different backgrounds. We'd like them to play with the plumber's daughter
and study with the teacher's son, if possible. We realize if we live here
because of the current housing shortage, when we're here we're taking up a
unit for those who are less fortunate will not be able to live and be part of
this community. Were concerned that Palo Alto's increasingly becoming
more and more monolithic as a community economically. We'd like to
encourage the City Council and the Citizens Advisory Committee to use the
land use portion of the Comprehensive Plan to increase the number of

                                                                       Page 35 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
