                          TRANSCRIPT
laughingstock if we did not upgrade this facility to be state of the art. Thank
you.

Kenneth Huo: Mayor and Council Members, my name is Kenny Huo. I'm an
architect, but I'm also a caretaker for my 94-years-old father who visit
Avenidas five days a week. He's very motivated himself, even though my
mom passed away 18 months ago. We were frequent user there. My
father, every day he wake up around 7:00, and then I need to kind of just
accompany him to take care of him. I have three things to share. Firstly, I
support the modernization of the Avenidas project. The only way to do
that—I think the whole point is make sure that we make the senior more
visible in our community. Recently I attend a very interesting campaign at
Stanford. Al Gore was there, and their campaign title was Know Tomorrow.
I learned that in order to know tomorrow, we have to know yesterday and
know today. The way to say that is because there was once that I took my
father to visit the senior center at East Palo Alto. The director there saw
how I took care of my father, and he say, "Kenny, you're exactly right. Your
father is a retired dentist; he took care of a lot of people for 50 years. Even
if he's hard of hearing, he's deaf, we need to take care of him." It's not
because my (inaudible) as a Chinese born and raised in Taiwan, we care
about senior. We need to make sure the senior has to be visible in this
community. On that note, I want to bring up something happen to my
father at 2007 and 2014. He was struck by a (inaudible) bus once on
Webster. The other time was just last year. He was struck by a truck on
Waverley. From there on, he wear a safety vest walking on the street; he's
a walker. I, myself, as an architect, we know that accessibility is critical, but
accessibility is not really an abstract concept, rather something we need to
pay attention to. The other thing I want to mention is that nowadays for
visiting Avenidas there are a lot of seniors coming from other countries, a lot
of Chinese seniors. My father, even though he has been here for about 30
years.     We feel that the invisibility is not because that he doesn't
communicate because he's deaf or he's an immigrant to this community.
Whichever way we can make the seniors more visible in the community, we
celebrate the senior and their aging condition, I will appreciate that. Thank
you so much.

Jim Stinger: Good evening, Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid and Council
Members. Thank you for the opportunity to speak in support of Avenidas.
My name is Jim Stinger, and I live on Christine Drive in south Palo Alto in a
house that my wife and I have lived in for almost 40 years. When it comes
to Avenidas, I have two hats, one which I no longer wear and one which I'm
wearing with passion. The hat that I no longer wear is my Avenidas Board
hat. In the mid-2000s, I had the opportunity to serve on the Avenidas
Board. At that time, one of the items that we discussed was the renovation
                                                                         Page 70 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
