                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Burt. Of course, we'd be happy
to do that. My only concern is timing. If we're viewing the Summit as the
opportunity to recruit and solicit applications for this group, I'm not sure that
we can make that timing work to bring an item back to you before then.

Council Member Burt: I could see where you could still be doing recruiting
at the Summit but not selection. When you look at the categories of
stakeholders that we've used in the past, they're not rocket science. We
may modify them, but giving people a sense of the type of stakeholder
categories, we probably had pretty good alignment between what we had in
the former CPAC and what we had in the SOFA plan. You just look at them,
and they're different categories of neighborhood representatives and then
people who have some transportation knowledge and affordable housing
knowledge and certain people from the business community. It's not
unusual sorts of categories we're talking about. We may refine it, but at
least for purposes of the Summit if you want to be able to say, "We'll be
looking for people who have interests or expertise in these areas, but not
limited to..." That leaves it wide open for us to refine that when you come
back.

Mayor Holman: Does the Assistant City Manager have a comment you
wanted to make?

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: I was perhaps suggesting similar lines
of what Council Member Burt did.            That we'd come back with some
categories for the stakeholder group to be solicited. We're thinking along
similar lines. Again, it comes down to a question of how specific the Council
would like to get in the identification of the individuals.

Mayor Holman: There is one word that needs to be added. It says in the
motion itself, "Council Member Burt to form a working group." Add in that
word.

Council Member Filseth: This is a thoughtful discussion. My comfort level is
higher with the structure proposed by the City Attorney. I worry that,
particularly when we start going down Brown Act committees, we're going
down a path of introducing a lot of rigidity and structure pretty early in this
process. There's a lot of stuff left to be done. We already have a lot of
groups involved in this.         There's us and there's the Planning and
Transportation Committee and the stakeholder group. We're going to have
the open source process. I worry that we're adding too much structure to
this and inflexibility right now. Going down this direction seems like a good
direction. My personal comfort level is going to be higher with the structure
that the City Attorney suggested.

                                                                           Page 47 of 60
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                 Trasncript: 04/27/2015
