                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: The City Clerk did a fairly good job of setting forth
what we talked about. The one thing I would correct a little bit is that we
actually did not suggest at all that we go to sense minutes. There was no
sense that we would want the Council to go in that direction. There are
several issues that occur here. This came out a little bit with the City
Attorney talking about there was an issue where sense minutes were done in
one of the labor disputes where we had that. It turned out the sense
minutes were actually incorrect and hurt us in a legal case. There was some
downside in terms of doing sense minutes. We felt as a Committee that the
important thing to do was to have the action minutes and the video as the
formal record. When the City Attorney went to that hearing, what happened
is she pointed out that the video contradicted the actual sense minutes. The
judge said, "That doesn't matter. You adopted the sense minutes as the
formal record, so the video is not the formal record." If we have the video
and the action minutes, that's the formal record. That's the best. Mostly led
by Vice Mayor Schmid, there's the issue of when you look at the video, it
takes a lot of time and it's much easier to have verbatim minutes. Myself
and Vice Mayor Schmid believe that we should do both, that the formal
record be the action minutes and the video, but we should also have for the
Council to read the verbatim minutes and everyone else could look at. That
would not be a formal record. The City Clerk's Office wouldn't have to go
through them, for instance, to make sure they were correct. We wouldn't
have to vote on them to make sure they're correct. Any of that kind of stuff.
They would be there. If there was any discrepancy, someone could go check
the video which would be the formal record. That was the view of myself
and Council Member Schmid. Council Members Klein and Price thought it
was a waste of money and thought we should not have the verbatim
minutes. That was what we left to the Council. Vice Mayor Schmid, if you
disagree with what I said in terms of your perspective, I know you voted
against it, you can obviously jump in. That was my understanding of where
the Committee was.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's a good summary. My feeling, and it might be
personal and I'm willing to accept the majority of the Council on this, is that
verbatim minutes are valuable. I find, as a Council Member, when I look at
what the Planning Commission does, what Parks and Rec does, to be able to
look at the verbatim minutes, I can do that at a ratio of four to five times as
fast as trying to get the same information on the video. Just from a
practical, efficiency point of view, I find I go more often to the verbatim
minutes, because they are easy to get information from. I use the video
less. I notice on packet page 868 there are draft action minutes of various
things that take place. 870, there was an action item and a discussion and
you have listed everybody who talked to the action item. I assume if we go

                                                                         Page 55 of 63
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/6/15
