                         TRANSCRIPT
any reason to be prescriptive on that. Finance should have the discussion
about these issues and move forward expeditiously to do it.

Council Member Burt: The specific dollar amount in here is too prescriptive,
and I would like to propose that it be amended to simply capping the fee for
single-story overlay and omit "at $2,000." It could be less, it could be more
that we decide on.

Council Member DuBois:       That'd be fine.     I would like to have the
conversation.

Mayor Holman: I'll accept that.

Council Member Burt: Just a brief comment that this second action to begin
this process of other neighborhood protections is needed, but I don't want
folks to think this is going to be simple. When we had the R-1 review that
was created, we had a committee that met for—two years? Yes—to come up
with a grand compromise on this. I'm not saying it's going to take that long,
but this is not a simple task. There are going to be competing interests that
we'll hear from as we go forward. I want people to be aware of that. I
would like to encourage Staff to engage with the former co-chairs of the
Future of R-1 Neighborhoods Committee, Annette Glanckopf, John Northway
and Carol Harrington, and get a debrief on the history of that.

Council Member Kniss: You almost had me, Tom. "Policy matters that
relate to single-story overlays and other neighborhood overlays that could
provide neighborhood protection" is going so far afield on June 29th, that I’m
uncomfortable with it. What I could support is to evaluate capping the fee.
I could certainly consider that coming back to the Council on June 29th. The
other item on June 29th, when we're just ready for our break, means that
we're probably going to go all night until my plane leaves the next morning,
to be quite honest. That's a bit overboard. Unless you can alter that part of
the Motion, I'm not going to be able to support it. Secondly, we have
already indicated as a Finance Committee that this was coming back to
Finance. Unless this is a group that wants to say no, Finance cannot take up
something it already agreed to take up, I'm finding that rather awkward.
Given that we had said this had some urgency, it would come back to us for
Finance. I had suggested it come back before the end of June. I'm not
comfortable with that and, therefore, having trouble supporting this.

Council Member Berman: The first sentence is a good compromise to get a
quick solution to the concerns that have been raised by the community.
They want as quick a reply as possible. I support the first sentence. Similar
to Council Member Kniss, I don't support the second sentence just because it
is too broad of a topic. There's not enough time for Staff to do a good job of
                                                                        Page 55 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/8/15
