                         TRANSCRIPT
slides here, but essentially we had just a couple of slides. Here's the
guidance that we're asking for. This is the timeline that we have before you.
We're going to come back one more time on December 14th, which actually
changed between the time that the Staff Report came to you and today on
those last Elements. This is what I just outlined in our report. With that,
we'd like to open it up. I don't know if you had any comments you'd like to
make.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I just have a couple of things
to add. One of them is to thank Jeremy for all of his effort with the CAC.
Really getting that process off to a good start and starting a good rhythm of
meetings. That's interlocking well, we think, with the Council's meetings and
discussion at a high level of vision and goals, and then the CAC continues
the discussion on policies and programs. The idea is that it loops back and
forth between the two bodies in a really organic and constructive way. As
Jeremy indicated, what we're really looking for from Council this evening,
after we hear from the public comment, is your thoughts on the vision
statement for the Land Use and Community Design Element, followed by
your thoughts on the organization or goals that define the Element including
any additions or changes you'd like to make to the goal structure and the
goals themselves to address some of the new issues that have arisen in the
Council's discussions over the last several years related to healthy
community, sustainability, and some of the housing ideas that have come up
in the public comments.       Finally, we're hoping for your input on our
suggestion regarding Policy L-8, kind of the one policy that we've pulled out
of the current draft Comprehensive Plan Land Use and Community Design
Element for your attention and direction to the CAC. With that, we're
looking forward to hearing comments from the public and then comments
and questions from the Council. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: One question before we go to the members of the public.
Jeremy, you had put forth three specific questions, but we don't seem to
have those specific questions. Can you put those up on the screen when it
gets to be that time?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Holman. If I can interject. I don't mean
to cut Jeremy off, but these are really the questions: vision statement,
goals and Policy L-8. In the context of the goals and your review of the
goals, I think we're expecting if the Council has a policy direction for this
Element to go in and you want to give us some kind of big picture guidance
on healthy communities, housing, sustainability, any of those things, it
would be in the context of the goal statements.


                                                                      Page 33 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/2/15
