                           TRANSCRIPT
good discussion about this—that we wanted to recommend to the Council
setting that goal, and also that we would not depend on other cities or, as
Council Member Burt pointed out at the Committee meeting, we didn't want
to be forced to mimic other cities, but if possible to coordinate with them. I
think that that is still the right approach going forward.

Council Member Filseth: I actually had a question on this. I think raising
the minimum wage in Palo Alto makes sense. I think we should proceed
and do the $11 an hour and coordinate with other cities on raising it further
than that. I don't think $15 is unreasonable over the next few years at all.
That said, I do think some exceptions to that make sense. An across the
board minimum wage for everybody may be too blunt an instrument. I am
sensitive to the tips issue. Tipping is a different wage structure, but it's still
a wage. If you're making $30 an hour, that's not minimum wage. Our goal
here is minimum wage. Teenagers, I had some close personal association
recently with teenagers making minimum wage for the summer. That's not
the person that we need to help here. My question is if we wanted to
introduce some exemptions to a minimum wage Ordinance, particularly in
the next few years if it's going to go up beyond the $11, what's the
procedure that we would do that by? I mean how would we do that?

Ms. Silver: Since this Ordinance is adopted by the Council as opposed to a
voter-approved initiative such as the San Jose Ordinance, you're free to
amend this Ordinance. If you adopt this Ordinance as stated this time
around, and you want to have additional outreach on or discussion about
exceptions, you as a Council can do that just through a simple amendment
of the Ordinance.

Council Member Filseth: Would we have to come up with the language of
that amendment tonight?

Ms. Silver: If you wanted it to go into effect at the time that the original
Ordinance goes into effect, that would be one process of doing it. If you
want to just give us some general guidance, we could certainly take that
back and incorporate that and you could have another first reading on it.

Council Member Scharff: I also wholeheartedly support the increase to
$11. I guess I really appreciated the way Policy and Services approached
this. What I heard Council Member Burt say was that we should raise the
minimum wage to 11 now, look and see what's happening and then come
back and evaluate in the next Policy and Services. I think that's a really
thoughtful and measured approach, and I think it's the right one. I also
have some concerns about the tips issue. It seems to me that we may in
fact be making people who barely make a living at $30 an hour down to

                                                                             Page 33 of 81
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 08/24/15
