                         TRANSCRIPT
Fire Oak and Barley.       I wonder if we had retail space available on
Cambridge, would an establishment like that move over to the lower rent
Cambridge. Those are the sorts of transitions that we, I think, are going to
anticipate. I just don't want to be kind of overconfident that just because
we desire an outcome that we can mandate. I think this is in the right
direction with all the service orientation, and that there's a need for it. I
have a sense of caution about trying to get it right.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I also think we should extend it to Cambridge, but
I do have that sense of caution that without allowing eating and drinking
establishments, that we're going to have a problem there. I think the more
types of uses you can use on Cambridge, the more likely you are to activate
the street, the more less likely you are to have vacancy. Those kind of
things. I also—a restaurant could very well bring in more traffic. I find it
really hard to believe that a—I guess I would call it the fro-yo shop, the
yogurt shop, the bubble tea place, that those are destinations for driving. I
believe what actually happens and what I see is people know it's there.
They're on California Avenue, and they walk over to it. You're really unlikely
to be creating traffic. I don't know where we came up with the 1:60 on a
broad brush like that. I don't know if that came up with it's been there
forever and it's not been an issue because before there was grandfathered
spaces in the parking garages or there were just grandfathered in uses. I
don't know. Do you know the history of this?

Mr. Lait: No, I don't. I don't know where 1:60, when that was put in the
Code.

Council Member Scharff: I'd like to see us move ahead on Cambridge in
terms of the retail and putting that in place. I do think there's more work to
be done. I'd like Staff to come back on some of these issues. I really would
like Staff to come back. First of all, I agreed with everything Council
Member Burt said about the retail and the depth issues. I'd like to have a
sense of what is the standard in the industry, what works. I'd like Staff to
talk to some retail brokers, understand what makes sense in terms of depth.
We don't want to hollow it out; we don't want to have too little. Maybe it's a
difficult choice, and maybe the right thing to do is to have the whole ground
floor to be retail. On the other hand, for a lot of retailers, a smaller space
may make more economical sense given the cost of rents. We want
Cambridge to be successful. We don't want there to be a lot of vacancy. I'd
really like to know that, and I'd like to know the parking. I think those are
the two things that are most likely to make Cambridge not successful if we
just go ahead and implement this without coming back on those two issues.

                                                                       Page 60 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
