                         TRANSCRIPT

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. Welcome back.
Everybody looks like they had a good summer vacation. I do want to thank
the Staff and Sue-Ellen, who's back there, Jessica, Hillary for working hard
on this project. I know it's been a real grunt. In fact, Mr. Beasley must be
the lucky one. While you may have had Jessica out there wielding a post-
hold digger, I had two guys and a truck that were there. I didn't see Jessica
wielding the post-hole digger. I will say though that these guys were really
good, because they were flexible. In fact, I told them there were some
utilities in the area where it was marked off, and they moved. Nice job on
having that placed well. That was a good job with the consultants. In terms
of the activity, I think you've seen my email. I won't go into too much. I
will say I am one of the RPP stakeholders. I actually call the phase we're in
now the DPP which is the developer promoted parking program. That's
because it was proposed by a developer who's not a resident of Palo Alto
that we have this Phase 1 program. What I'm asking Council to do and Staff
to put on the accelerator and get into Phase 2. The Phase 1 won't really
provide any parking relief for residents. It really gets us some data; that
was the whole idea. We know that anybody can get a parking permit, any of
the workers. I encourage you to walk into Flipboard on Homer, see the
number of people that are shoe-horned into that building. There's a lot of
people working in the area. Phase 2 work, let's get the stakeholders back
together again, get that scheduled. I guess the other thing is thank you for
your efforts. We'll be meeting soon.

Mayor Holman: This is a complex item, and there was only an hour
allocated for this. It's a symptom of having a summer break and then
coming back and trying to accomplish a lot in a short time. What I'd like to
do is if we need to do second rounds, which is very likely, then that's fine,
but if we could try to do 5-minute rounds at least, and see where we can get
with that.

Council Member Kniss: See if I can do it shorter than that, if you want to be
done by 7:00. Thank you both of you. I know this has been long and
arduous. I know the stakeholders have put a huge amount of time in it. I'm
also reminded that Richard Brand was at a kickoff that I had for my race in
2012, which seems to be a while back at this point. Coming back to this.
The piece that I'd like to ask about is the technology piece. It's on page 4.
It talks about the group that we are using which is Walker Parking. I'm
going to presume—you just cannot on this, if you would—that
recommendations listed at the beginning of page 4, that you would choose
between those or that you would evaluate each of those and so forth.
Here's my frustration. We traveled a lot during the break. I am fascinated
                                                                      Page 11 of 136
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/17/15
