                         TRANSCRIPT
additional information forward, and that's what we're recommending today,
to double that amount. The $315,000 only provides Track Watch service for
six months. We believe we should include the funding for a full year.

Vice Mayor Kniss: For some reason, Walter, that wasn't clear during the
meeting. That's why I'm puzzled. Maybe my other Finance Members will
take a look at it and say they anticipated that to be the case. I thought we
were working with $315 for next year.

Mr. Keene: You were. It was not funding for a full year. I think that's what
was not clear. I would say this differently than Walter is right now. We
wanted to make it clear that there's half-year funding at the service level we
have right now. I'm not asking the Council right now to amend the budget
to double it. What we are telling you is as we worked through the Finance
Committee discussions as to where we are, that we could be in a situation
that in the course of this fiscal year, before we get to the midyear which
would be the end of this calendar year, we could be in a situation where
we'd be coming back to the Council and saying we need to continue the
Track Watch program. It would cost us extra money to fund it for the full
year. Hope that's clear.

Council Member Kniss: This will not come out of the General Fund. This is
going to continue to come out of the Stanford fund.

Mr. Keene: That is correct. It comes out of the Stanford funds.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you, Mayor. I was concerned because that
was quite a different figure.

Council Member Scharff: Briefly to add to what Chair Schmid said on the
Finance Committee. I think we dropped the ball a little bit. We had a strong
discussion about the AEDs, and I do think we intended at some point to put
them into the budget. We ran out of time at the last minute; we had a
Council meeting starting, and we didn't get to put those into the budget.
That was a mistake on our part. At some point, I would like to see us put
that into the budget. I concur with the City Manager on the pool cars. Our
intent at the time is to take a strong look at Finance about how pool cars are
structured and how much we spend on it. It's a difficult issue that takes a
lot of thought and time. That's going to come to Finance. The thought is
that we wouldn't spend any money on it until that point. That was all that
Finance was trying to achieve. I, for one at least, am completely fine with
going with the direction the City Manager suggested, that we put it in the
budget but we don't spend the money until after Finance has had a chance
to look at that with possible recommendations coming to the full Council
about how to deal with it. Briefly, while we do seem to have a lot of money,
                                                                         Page 22 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
