                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: If I understand that right, then it might prohibit
you from planting a big tree or letting it grow real high if you already have
solar there. If the tree was already there, then you don't have to cut it
down.

Ms. Jacobsen: It doesn't prohibit. It's more of if we have to get involved
with pruning existing trees, we want to know about that ahead of time
before we mandate a solar panel system next to an existing tree.

Mr. Pirnejad: It doesn't mandate that you cut down any trees. The Code
won't mandate any tree cutting. It just provides an avenue for there to be a
conversation about who gets the priority. Non-protected trees.

Council Member Filseth: There's not a circumstance in which you would
have to cut down a tree or force your neighbor to cut down a tree or
something like that?

Ms. Jacobsen: No. That's exactly what the Solar Shade Act addresses.
Most protected trees will prevail over a solar system in the proposed
mandate, what we'll be setting.

Council Member Filseth: I have one more question. You folks have done a
whale of a lot of work here. Did you look at all at embedded greenhouse gas
emissions of construction materials used in these things? I think I saw a
reference somewhere to concrete use or something like that. If you did
that, did you come up with any numbers?

Ms. Jacobsen: There is an option in one of the tiers to do a life cycle cost
analysis, which looks at that very subject. The industry is right in the
infancy of those types of analyses. We have highlighted it as an option if a
team wanted to go and do that work. We have outlined it as an innovative
option for them.

Mayor Holman: I have a couple of questions, one that you've sort of
addressed as a result of Council Member Filseth's question about trees. If
you aren't required to take down any trees, why is the language written
"exceptions for properties with protected trees?" As I recall the Solar Shade
Act, which by the way came about because of the efforts of one of our City
employees who went to battle to protect their trees. I don't recall that
referring to just protected trees or redwoods, those happen to be. Why does
this say "protected trees"?

Ms. Jacobsen: That's an excellent question. The challenge around the solar
mandate or the solar ready proposed language also looks at the local Palo
Alto Ordinance and the Solar Shade Act. Those two items would have to

04/20/2015                                                            117- 335
