                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Kawahara: When we say that it was done by area, we took the gross
square footage of the actual BMR units, those five units, then we added to
that the square footage of the parking spaces that we just talked about for
those units. Then we added in the common areas for the residential space,
the lobby and so forth. When we talk about area, that's what was included
in that calculation.

Council Member Filseth: It seems to me the cost of the rental units
themselves is 4,128 square feet times $290. That's $1.2 million. Yet, you
come up with a total of $2.15, $2.16 million for the total cost of those units,
which is $1 million higher.

Mr. Kawahara: Maybe while we're talking about other topics, I can double
check some of those numbers for you. I'm pretty certain those numbers are
correct.

Council Member Filseth: When I penciled it out, if you took the area of the
garage and you assumed that the garage and some of the other areas added
up to several million dollars, $5-$6 million, which is the construction cost
difference. If you weighted by the ratio of parking spaces needed instead of
square footage of the total area, the difference was somewhere between
$0.5 million and $700,000 or $800,000. That's what it seemed to me when
I penciled it out. That would make a difference on how many concessions
were necessary. One other question I wanted to ask was on the economic
model. You've got some lovely charts. You talked about what the average
increase in office rental rates was likely to be over the next few decades.
You came up with 3 percent on average, I think you assumed. it's on page
1104 of the packet. Where does that get factored into the analysis?

Mr. Kawahara: The assumptions about growth in rental rates is needed for
purposes of a discounted cash flow analysis. It's run out for 99 years. You
assume that rents grow by 3 percent a year, and that's factored into the
discounted cash flow analysis.

Council Member Filseth: If you take 2000 to 2014, which you did, then over
those 14 years you get 3 percent a year, compounded annual growth. If
you take 2002 to 2014, instead of 2000 to 2014, then you get 6 percent a
year, which is 2X. It's pretty sensitive to exactly where you take your time
period. Depending on where you wanted to pick, you could pick almost any
number you wanted in that range.

Mr. Kawahara: You're right it is sensitive to the range of the time period
that you choose. We were purposeful in choosing that time period, because
it reflected two up periods as well as two down periods. There's only so far

                                                                       Page 132 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
