                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Again, we've already established for things like
auto services, they could happen on University. Daycare is one of those
things that would happen in fringe retail locations, but I don't think we
should prevent retail if it's able to afford one of those retail locations. I'm
not expecting a daycare to pop up on University Avenue, but I don't want to
prohibit it on, say, El Camino.

Council Member Scharff: I've got to think a little bit about this in my head.
The first thing, if we put daycare in here, that means that in areas where—
first of all, this Ordinance doesn't change anything where daycare is
currently permitted. We couldn't put daycare on University Avenue, for
instance, under our current Ordinance. It doesn't fit. Could you put it on El
Camino, for instance?

Ms. Gitelman: Daycare is permitted in most districts of the City.

Council Member Scharff: Just not University Avenue?

Ms. Gitelman: I think it is allowed in the Downtown.

Council Member Scharff: It is allowed.

Ms. Gitelman: Yep. We're looking at the CD District. It's a permitted use.

Council Member Scharff: What this would allow by adding it in is it would
allow us to then convert a retail use that's currently allowed to a daycare.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. It's not allowed in the ground-floor overlay zone
in Downtown. It's allowed in the CD, but not in the ground floor.

Council Member Scharff:     If we pass this, it still won't be allowed in an
overlay?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Scharff: What this is going to do, if we pass this, is it's not
going to allow anyone to convert a current daycare to anything other than
other retail use that we have identified in this Ordinance. Right? It could
allow someone in those zones outside of the ground-floor overlay to convert
something to a daycare zone. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's the intention, yes.

Council Member Scharff:    That's what it would do.    That's all I needed to
know.

                                                                         Page 44 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
