                         TRANSCRIPT
uses in order to include a process to bring changes to Council quarterly for
approval.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt Ordinance changes in Group 2 with Staff’s suggested
changes to American’s with Disabilities Act (ADA) language, and with
changes to Zoning Code Interpretation and Interpretation of Land Uses in
order to include a process to bring changes to Council quarterly for
approval.

Mayor Holman: Do you wish to speak to your Motion?

Council Member DuBois: I'd just ask Staff if that is clear and it makes sense
in terms of the work flow we talked about, which again would be not to hold
up any applicant, to proceed with a 14-day process.

Mr. Lait: The quarterly report is to report back as an information item to
Council what interpretations we have made over the previous quarter period.

Council Member DuBois: I'm suggesting actually, I guess, a Consent item.

Mr. Lait: As a Consent item. Okay.

Mr. Keene: It's not in Consent; it's an informational report, so no action is
required by the Council. Obviously ...

Council Member DuBois: The discussion was, again, not to hold up the
applicant, to make that decision for that applicant. Before it got codified as
a practice, it would actually go to Consent and be approved. If we were
changing a land use classification, for example, quarterly it would go through
as a Consent item.

Mr. Lait: Again, it would be awkward for us to make an interpretation for
one applicant, and then come back with a quarterly Consent Calendar item.
There may be other provisions that we're addressing in that period of time.
We would be applying that same interpretation.

Council Member DuBois: Right. My understanding is this is happening
today. It's just not being written down formally.

Mr. Lait: That's right. The practice that we're presenting to you is sort of
the best practice for how you would address these items. The nuance that I
think we're talking about is the Council wants to have an opportunity to
endorse in some way the interpretations that are being made which ...
                                                                       Page 61 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 12/7/15
