                          TRANSCRIPT

that then. The ARB is you're looking at the architectural issues and looking
at the design elements. We'd have two different things. Was that your
understanding of what we're doing here, what Mayor Holman really
suggested on a preliminary review? I mean, normally you wouldn't expect
us to look at design stuff.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Council Member Scharff. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I
think Mayor Holman makes a good point about the intent of preliminary
review. It would be fine to add it in that intent or purpose section.
Alternatively, you could consider adding that in Section 18.79.050 which is
actually where the procedures for this preliminary review Study Session are
noted. If you really want to tell applicants, "Look, we don't want to see your
complete drawings," that might be a stronger place to insert the suggested
language, in one of those paragraphs in 050. Going back to the architectural
review question. I saw some consultation here between Planning Staff and
the City Attorney. I think the section that was referred to is really—we were
intending by drafting that paragraph to simply say that these procedures do
not apply to that process, which is a separate process established in the
Code for preliminary review or prescreening, whatever it's called, of
architectural review applications.

Council Member Scharff: Then any project could come to us if the applicant
or Council wanted it to and the applicant agreed. Right?

Ms. Gitelman: I think Council Member Burt has pointed out a lack of clarity
with regard to that one section that was added or changed at the bottom of
page 3. The intention of that Section D, Items 1 and 2, was to say that any
project could come to you if it's important enough and, in Number 1, if the
City Council and the applicant concurred and, in Number 2, if the applicant
requests it. I guess they're both concurrence with the City Council. I don't
know if the two of you had some resolution on the ...

Ms. Stump: We did. The Planning Staff recommends, and we can certainly
draft it this way, to clarify that the voluntary process is available to projects
that also could use the ARB pre-review process. We would adjust the
language simply to say that the use of the ARB process doesn't preclude also
using this process if the applicant wishes to do so. If Council's comfortable
with that, that would be the recommendation we would make. We would
make small adjustments to the language to clarify that.



                                                                          Page 46 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
