                         TRANSCRIPT
prior years and now as what we've always anticipated which is seed money
to jump start an ongoing program. We've got to get sustainable funding
sources including from other partners in some way to be able to carry this
program forward, without a doubt.

Council Member Kniss: One last comment, if I might. Since we think of this
program as primarily aimed toward teens, are we planning on staffing—
because I've seen them there today—throughout the summer, even when
school is not in session, during breaks and so forth?

Mr. Keene: Yeah, the program plan right now until we are feeling certainty
is to, one, enhance means restriction along the track and obviously we're
going to be running these technology pilots that should give us enhanced
control and observation at the crossings. This funding is to keep Track
Watch guards at all four of the grade crossings during the entire period in
which any trains are running in Palo Alto. That's almost 24 hours a day.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you, Madam Mayor. I appreciate your letting
me spend some time on that, because that's been a big concern not only to
our Committee, but to others in the community as well.

Council Member Burt: I'd like to follow up on this area of expenses, first, on
what I'll call the physical track security issues that the City Manager just
spoke about. Jim, you mentioned that beyond the vegetation removal, it
could be more capital dollars. We as a Council need to know that it's in all
likelihood going to be more. It could be a significant dollar investment to
provide that security. We ought to have that out there in anticipation, even
though we don't know what that dollar amount is and it's not in the budget
yet. It would be in our Capital Budget, is that correct?

Mr. Keene: Correct. We'd have to identify the funding source, but it would
be a capital expense.

Council Member Burt: As far as Track Watch, as expensive as it is this has
been a vital component in providing security to the tracks that has made a
real difference to date. Despite its expense, I don't see a choice but for us
to provide that service. On Project Safety Net, I was glad that that question
was asked and answered as to who supervises Track Watch. The Policy and
Services Committee had a discussion on this just last week. It has been this
oddity that a security function, which is probably most arguably a public
safety function, was being previously managed by Community Services
Department. When that grew, it looked like Project Safety Net's budget was
growing by that much. It's related to the same subject, but it is now where
it more properly belongs, which is a public safety managed program. On the

                                                                       Page 17 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
