                          TRANSCRIPT
change, can we then mandate a change in use? You've heard me argue
before that I'd like us to start amortizing out certain uses, like the Wells
Fargo Bank building which breaks the block on University Avenue. There's a
lot more work to be done in this area, but I don't think it's tonight and I
don't think it's on this Ordinance. My question is I'm very interested in what
Council Member Burt said, which was when a use that is clearly not
conforming and in a non-retail, I mean it should be retail, it's office. It's in a
retail-required zone. It's been there for a while, and they're changing
tenants. How do we change that? That's a legal issue, right? You obviously
need to do more work. How do we get that agendized back? Are you
planning on coming back with the answers to these questions? How do we
move that forward, so after we do this tonight and then it comes back on
consent if we're not going to make Amendments in the 45 days? How do we
not lose the momentum on this and get this other stuff done?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. Next Monday we have a
discussion on California Avenue. You could certainly raise that question in
the context of that discussion.

Council Member Scharff: We've done that broadly enough that we can ask
the question Council Member Burt just asked?

Ms. Gitelman: You can ask it with respect to uses in the California Avenue
area. What we're seeking is direction about crafting a permanent Ordinance
for California Avenue, so it would seem to be relevant. Your specific bank
example won't work, but perhaps there's another use in the area you could
use to raise it.

Council Member Scharff: That's one of the things I’m thinking about, how
do we continue to have the discussion. I'm glad we're going to do California
Avenue, but then we should start taking some of these areas, doing it.
There's also some Citywide discussions we should have. I don't think this
covers the whole range of stuff in an emergency Ordinance where we have
to get eight votes tonight if we're going to pass this.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you again, Council Member Scharff. Looking back at
the history, when this discussion happened last in 2002, it really was a two-
year process that went district by district through all of the commercial areas
of the City. I hope it's not going to take us two years. We have California
Avenue teed up for you next week. We hope to bring Downtown back to you
as soon as we can. Then we'll have to consider how we can bring forward
the other commercial districts and give them the attention they deserve.

Council Member Scharff: Again, I want to thank you. Obviously I hope we
pass this tonight.
                                                                            Page 34 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 05/11/15
