                              MINUTES
could revise moving costs, but not all relocation assistance. The City Council
should find that the mitigation assistance was inadequate, because it would
not allow residents to move to comparable housing or to purchase a mobile
home in a comparable community. The Council could instruct the park
owner to provide a specific plan; require the park owner to have a plan that
specifically defined terms and comparable housing; and require the park
owner to provide an analysis. There was no community similar to Palo Alto,
because there were no mobile home parks remaining in Palo Alto. The City
Council should instruct the park owner to develop a plan that specifically
considered the amount of money needed for residents to move to a mobile
home in a comparable community within 35 miles. She requested the
Council require the appraised value be the floor amount rather than the
ceiling amount. The City Council should require compensation based on
actual rent for residents who chose to move into rental housing. The Council
could require the appraiser to consider in-place value; allow residents to
obtain a second appraisal; and allow a third-party to choose the amount that
would most adequately mitigate negative impacts of park closure. She
requested the Council not approve mitigation measures without a third-party
review.     Residents should be able to appeal the proposed relocation
assistance to ensure it complied with the Ordinance. After the park owner
developed a plan, the City Council could require the plan be subject to
review. If the Council rejected the mitigation assistance, it could instruct the
park owner specifically to consider schools when considering comparable
housing. The Council could and should provide concrete definitions and
concrete topics for inclusion in the specific plan. The proposed relocation
assistance would not allow residents to move to comparable housing in a
comparable community.

Margaret Nanda, Attorney for the Jisser Family/Park Owner, reported the
Hearing Officer did not find that the park owner must purchase comparable
housing for Buena Vista homeowners.         To require the park owner to
purchase comparable housing would exceed the reasonable cost of
mitigation per Government Code ยง 65863.7.           The rent subsidy was
calculated using market rate rents. Mr. Beccaria assumed all additions to
residents' homes were legal. The Hearing Officer found that Mr. Jisser's
allowing mobile home owners to expand their homes did not mean the park
owner had to purchase homes that were bigger than residents' current
homes. If the manufactured home itself contained only one bedroom, then
the park owner was required to provide a market rate rent subsidy for a
total of 15 months, including start-up costs. The park owner was found
wanting, because he did not provide a housing relocation plan. The words
housing relocation plan did not appear anywhere in the Ordinance. The park
owner was not required to prepare or provide a housing relocation plan. If
the Residents Association believed the park owner was required to provide a
                                                                           Page 4 of 41
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 04/14/15
