                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: We're not necessarily there yet in terms of the number. We've
been looking at it ourselves. We think it's a lower number, but that's
because we want to be a little bit cautious on that. That's something we're,
as it moved on from the first process here, starting to engage that.

Council Member Scharff: I think it's clearly possible we can get all these
done. On the flip side of that, just so we don't have this discussion a year
from now, I think we'd be incredibly foolish to assume that interest rates
won't go up. When you look at those numbers on the interest rates, I think
we need to take those sort of scenarios. If the Fed comes out and says with
the escalating economy and all that, I assume we face significant interest
rate risk on these issues given where we're going to send out these bonds.
You're talking—I forgot your answer. That was a year or two years before
we issue any bonds?

Mr. Perez: A couple of years out.

Council Member Scharff: A couple of years out. I think there are probably
going to be significantly higher interest rates. Hasn't the Fed sort of
targeted—I think I've seen stuff where they say two years out we expect it
to be—I don't know—two points higher or something.

Mr. Perez: There's talk about a 1/4 percent coming here any time. Just to
remind you. Being who we are, I know at times we get accused of being too
conservative. We used a 4 1/2 rate to do our $1.14 million dollar debt
issuance. In a way we accounted for an increase in the rate with that
assumption. That's why I made my comment earlier. I wish we could issue
the debt today.

Council Member Scharff: When we talk about the bike bridge, there's going
to be some information that I'm hoping we'll have. I guess I'm going to
want to know to what extent do we have the huge increase due to the fact
that we have difficult architects with a difficult design versus if we had other
designs. There were three designs that we looked at. Say we looked at the
other two designs for instance. Would we expect those to be bid less? What
do you exactly mean by building a more classic bridge? I think I'd want to
see pictures. Are you talking an ugly concrete structure that we hate or is it
going to be something that's fairly attractive? There's a huge range between
a really difficult design on a bridge and a really utilitarian bridge. I guess
I'm going to want all that information. I just wanted to give you a heads up
that I'm hoping to see pictures of what you have in mind a little bit. When
you say you'll offer an RFP as opposed to—I'd like to sort of see those three
bridge designs we had before. I sort of want a realistic explanation of how
working with the people we're about to fire, I think it was. I forget their

                                                                          Page 19 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
