                          TRANSCRIPT
the Eichler preservation. Some of the Eichler areas have been preserved by
their own will, by a vote sometimes, sometimes some different method.
That would be an area that would be worthwhile to take up. As we've
mentioned, they're beginning to be seen more as special areas, as historic
and so forth. Not to go into tonight, but it might be something that you
would like to take up as a Board.

Mr. Bernstein:     Responding to Council Member Wolbach's question or
comment about how can the HRB help facilitate some educational aspects
about historic preservation. One of the challenges that comes before the
HRB often is regarding the Secretary of Interior Standards. One of the
Standards is about compatibility and differentiation. That's something we
look at very closely when applications come before us. That could be an
avenue to explore with how can the HRB assist the Council in understanding
the idea of differentiation and compatibility and how to apply that particular
Standard. The decision about compatibility and differentiation is used on
careful areas of judgment. That judgment is based on principles of design,
which is more of an artistic pursuit. That's a difficult thing to put in
prescription form of saying, "Here is something that's massive or not
massive appropriately or differentiated enough." There are principles of
design that could be, not in the next few minutes here, a discussion if so
invited by the City Council for HRB Members who are well versed in the
principles of design. That specifically and directly applies to the application
of differentiation and compatibility. There's a perception of when those
things are met in that it takes an eye to understand that. Based on
experience and using judgment, there's a conclusion that it does meet the
definitions of compatibility and differentiation. If the Council so elects, it'd
be great to have the appropriate members be invited in that discussion.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you all. I believe, Matt Weintraub, this is your first
City Council meeting when you've actually sat at the table. Is that correct?

Mr. Weintraub: That's correct.

Mayor Holman: Welcome.

Mr. Weintraub: Thank you very much.

Mayor Holman: We won't keep you here until 11:00, but just wait. Thank
you all to Board Members for your service. Twenty-one years. If we paid by
the hour, you still wouldn't be rich, Roger, based on Council Members'
remuneration. A few comments here. I support everything that you put in
your recommendations. I support comments made about HRB being more
proactive and initiate some endeavors. I really appreciate that and would
                                                                          Page 18 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
