                             MINUTES
Brad Eggleston, Assistant Director of Public Works, outlined the process for
the discussion. Teams would provide a 15-minute presentation and show a
video of their designs.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if the 15-minute presentation would include the
video.

Mr. Eggleston answered no. Teams presented their original submissions and
noted any changes they proposed to the design. The bridge was located just
downstream from the union of Barron and Adobe Creeks. The undercrossing
was closed six months of the year due to wet weather and the Adobe Creek
Bridge Project became the top priority in the 2012 Bicycle and Pedestrian
Transportation Plan. The City secured $8.3 million in grant funding for the
Project and $1.7 million through the City's Infrastructure Funding Plan.

Margie O’Driscoll, Design Competition Advisor, explained that a design
competition was utilized in order to achieve architectural innovation and
great design. Sixty international firms were invited to participate, 20 of
whom were selected to submit designs. A jury selected three designs from
20 submissions.      She reviewed design criteria and jury members'
qualifications. Videos of the submissions were placed on YouTube and
boards were located in the library.    A Technical Advisory Panel (TAP)
provided feedback for a final jury hearing by advising that HNTB
Corporation's design most met all the criteria. The jury, along with four
Architectural Review Board (ARB) Members reviewed comments from TAP
and the three design submissions. The jury unanimously voted for the HNTB
Corporation team.

Mr. Eggleston advised that Staff presented the three design submissions to
five City Boards and Commissions for comment. Staff's recommendation
was based on the jury's decision, discussions about cost and constructability,
and feedback from Boards and Commissions. Staff acknowledged concerns
around bird safety and was committed to a design process that coordinated
with bird safety advocates. Staff requested direction to negotiate design
work needed for the environmental review process and would return to the
Council for approval of a contract to a certain percentage of design. The
contract was not going to provide a complete design or construction. He
read design guidelines regarding height of the bridge and Staff interpreted
the guidelines as not establishing a maximum height for a bridge over
Highway 101. All three submissions met the guidelines.

Vice Mayor Schmid requested Staff refer to each team using a single name
so that everyone could refer to teams consistently. He inquired about the
preferred name for the first team.


03/16/2015                                                             117- 100
