                         TRANSCRIPT
being used by a host of service providers who are dealing with homeless
issues, who are dealing with mental health issues, who are dealing with
substance abuse issues. The hope and expectation, and I would say the
experience, is that if you bring those services to bear literally across the
street from the Courthouse, then you can more readily move into a
treatment approach rather than a criminal approach in resolving some of
these issues. In light of the tragedy we just had at the county jail with what
was really a mental health issue being handled in a corrections setting,
there's a lot to recommend that. All of that being said, always happy to talk
if at some point your Staff wants to sit down and have that conversation. I
would just caution, beware the notion of underutilization. It looks different
depending on who you're talking to.

Council Member Burt: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much, Supervisor, for all the work
you've done and for taking the time to come talk with us tonight. You
alluded to—I was also very impressed by—the pretty much universal support
for the residents of Buena Vista and the efforts to try to come up with a
solution that allows them to continue being Palo Alto residents. I was also
impressed by the fact that, I think, as a community and as a region there's
not much more widespread acknowledgement of the housing crisis we have
and the impact that that's having on the poorer residents in our community.
If we're successful with Buena Vista, this will save housing or preserve
housing for 400 Palo Altans. As you noted, there are 7,000 homeless
residents and thousands more just poorer residents who are being displaced
by increased housing costs every day in Palo Alto and throughout the
Peninsula. Obviously a lot of that has to do—a lot of the solution for that
has to come from the City level and the State level which just happen to be
two areas where you have a little bit of experience and expertise. I wanted
to take this opportunity to get two free cents of your advice on long-term
what you think both the City can be doing to try to help address the housing
deficit that we have and what role the County might play in that that you
think could happen.

Supervisor Simitian: Just remember, free opinions are worth what you paid
for them, Council Member.        One observation, and maybe it's just an
encouragement.      I do think when you're making modest incremental
progress, it's hard to get excited about it. One of the things I would say
about Palo Alto is on the affordable housing front Palo Alto has been making
modest incremental progress for a very long time. When you look back over
your shoulder and say, "Where did those thousands of units come from,"

                                                                       Page 19 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
