                          TRANSCRIPT
a couple of questions on fuel switching, but I might leave them until the next
session. Thanks.

Council Member Wolbach: I want to echo what Council Member Filseth just
said about the importance of us having control and options for control
ownership over our utilities infrastructure, including potentially fiber optics,
beyond what our current infrastructure is.

Mayor Holman: I'll join my colleagues in supporting several of these things.
There's been much said about fiber. There's nothing been said about fiber
that I disagree with. I would welcome your recommendations and expertise
in that regard. A redundant electricity source, that's been something I've
been passionate about and committed to for I don't know how many years,
certainly since the Tesla incident. I appreciate any advice and advancement
of that facility. It would be a huge improvement to our community and a
safety valve for us. Electric undergrounding, agree that we should be
addressing that. It's been stalled for a good number of years now. It comes
up frequently by members of the community. That would be something also
that I would look for your counsel on. When it comes to water, is there
anything that is now in an ongoing fashion any more important than
addressing water issues? Gray water, I was at an event yesterday evening,
and somebody from another community talked about they were doing a
significant remodel and wanted to install a gray water system at their home,
but it was just too expensive. They are still quite expensive. Anything that
we can do try to advance that; recommendations for rebates, anything that
you can come up, any kind of calculus in terms of what the payback is in
terms of savings, payback in terms of rebates utilized if the money's put out
there. It is an aspect of our home use that isn't being utilized currently.
Other than that, obviously the reliability of utilities is a first priority and we
absolutely take it for granted. Although she's not perfect because none of
us are, the head of the Utilities Department, Val, we are very lucky to have
you. We don't take you or the Utilities Staff or this Commission for granted.
You do excellent work and keep our utilities on. It's easy to take some of
these things for granted. You flip a switch or turn on a valve, and things run
for us. We don't take it for granted and we should never do that. Fuel
switching, yes. That's it in terms of what I would like to see the Commission
work on and recommendation to the Council. I would encourage you, if you
do have questions about wanting direction from Council, do not be shy about
asking.

Council Member Scharff: I had a brief follow-up on Commissioner Eglash's
comments. I would fully associate my opinions with Commissioner Eglash
on fuel switching. It's incredibly complicated. One of my concerns, as we
go down this path, is that we actually get clearer regulatory advice from our

04/20/2015                                                                117- 280
