                            MINUTES
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director, believed
the Council often was in a better position than Staff to recognize trends.
The community was in an even better position to recognize trends. Staff
and the Council should commit to working in partnership to identify trends
and to raise them in a forum where they could be discussed and vetted
thoroughly. Referring to the Policy and Services Committee or discussing it
further would not give Staff more tools to better identify trends.

Mayor Holman was attempting to request Staff come forward with trends as
soon as they recognized them.

Council Member Scharff indicated Ms. Gitelman understood that the Council
wanted to hear about emerging trends. He was not sure whether the
Council would gain anything by referring it to the Policy and Services
Committee.

Council Member Kniss recalled learning of the vehicle dwelling issue during
her campaign for the City Council. Council Members often learned of issues
through public comments made during election campaigns.

Mayor Holman asked if the direction for Staff to identify trends and present
them to the Council was sufficiently clear.

Mr. Keene replied yes. Staff and the Council needed to be understanding
and tolerant of each other. Staff could present a trend that the Council
dismissed until the community raised it.

Mayor Holman remarked that the Council wanted Staff to identify the things
they saw as trends, issues, or concerns. The Council would decide whether
it wanted to take up the issue.

Mr. Keene felt balance was necessary.

Mayor Holman discussed the work plan document provided by the Council
Appointed Officers (CAO) which was for Council to set policy by prioritizing
projects and ensure directives for Staff were well written.

Council Member Wolbach asked if the Council would discuss procedures and
protocols.

Mayor Holman wanted to defer procedures and protocols.




                                                                      Page 21 of 27
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                              Minutes: 01/31/2015
