                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: I think that we may as a result of—the CAC may as a
result of looking at the data come up with policies and programs that would
direct our long-term balance of retail uses.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights. The amendment is to request Staff to
provide the Comprehensive Plan Citizens Advisory Committee comparative
impacts of restaurants versus other retail on trip generation and parking.
Vote on the board please. That passes on a 5-4 vote with Council Members
Berman, Scharff, Wolbach and Kniss voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no

Mayor Holman: That will be incorporated, and we return to the main
motion. Council Member comments.

Council Member Burt: (inaudible) realize I have another amendment, but I'll
let other (crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss. We'll get back to you then.

Council Member Kniss: I am having a difficult time with "B," Tom. I think
the reason I just voted against the amendment is that I think that we are
getting awfully specific. We're intensifying Staff work on this as well again.
This says "suggest approaches we can use to specify the large-scale
commercial operations" and so forth "that aren't suitable for the Downtown."
I would put forth that I don't think any one of those businesses started out
as large scale. I think they all started out as a very small scale and have
grown. I've heard Pat Burt talk about that any number of times and say
Palantir came in. They were a little, tiny company. Facebook came in. I
wish I'd bought stock; I thought they were a little, tiny company. There are
a number. It seems to me that if you specify large scale, that doesn't make
a whole lot of sense to me. We're not likely to let large scale go in at the
beginning.

Council Member DuBois: Is there a question on (inaudible)?

Council Member Kniss: Are you going to kick them out?

Mayor Holman: It would be good ...

Council Member Kniss: I think they'll leave on their own. I don't think it
makes sense to get that prescriptive. Again, I think we're getting very—
we're almost just going by the book on this. I think ...

Council Member DuBois: If I could respond briefly if there's a question?

                                                                       Page 74 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
