                          TRANSCRIPT
manager's performance very differently. They're going to want to give a
one. You know that, so you're going to give him a five even though you
really think it's a three. What happens is the scores—I've done hundreds of
these. They're meaningless over time. Some Councils play that game with
the scoring. What's really valuable to the employee is what do you need
them to change, what's working well, and what's the plan for next year.
That happens in the narrative conversation.

Council Member Kniss: That's a good summation.

Council Member Berman: Can I make one other point? I have no idea if this
is the right place for it or not. I'm not perfect, and I'll be the first to admit
it. We need to have some accountability for Council to actually give the
feedback when it's requested and by the time that it's requested. I know we
all did the one-on-ones. I don't think we all did the surveys initially. We
definitely didn't all do the feedback for you guys. I'd be comfortable with
giving the CAO Chair the authority ...

Council Member Kniss: To crack the whip.

Council Member Berman: ... to crack the whip to make sure that gets done.
Else this process isn't nearly as valuable as it needs to be.

Ms. Egan: That's great.

Council Member Berman: I thought I'd throw that in there. I figured you
wouldn't disagree.

Ms. Figone: We just want to conclude by thanking all of you for the
opportunity, your counsel. The Staff have been marvelous and the CAOs.
Again, as a former city manager, there's really no more important
conversation than that annual conversation that happens each year. The
fact that you do work hard it is a testament to all of you. We do look
forward to continuing to work with you and any feedback today. Thank you.

Chair Burt: Thanks. Shall we take a few minutes and see if we—kind of
open-ended on any of the things that we discuss today. Welcome our CAOs
to ...

James Keene, City Manager: Going back to something Deb said about being
clear about what the purpose for the evaluation is—let me preface this. The
way Deb summarized the end as an observer coming in for the first time and
seeing everybody, I would agree with the fact that the Council takes the
review very seriously, works really hard at it and really strives to be fair.
Over almost eight years here, that's what I've felt. I think you're very
                                                                                     Page 26 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
