                         TRANSCRIPT
in sync with you all. We're not in an avoidance mindset. I know a lot of
managers who haven't had an evaluation in four years; it's fine as long as
everyone leaves me alone. That is not the feeling here even if there's
potential conflict. We recognize that you all are under a lot of pressure.
There are incredible demands. Nine equals working together is not an easy
thing to do day after day in public dealing with difficult issues. We want you
all to be successful, but we want to be successful. We realize we're
intertwined. It is a relationship that requires some regular communication
and probably more informality than we have in our organization right now.
We're sitting here at microphones all the time. That's almost all the time
that we do that. We can talk one-on-one, have lunch with each other, and
those sorts of things. As a collective, I don't think we do it enough. I'd be
very open to how we find ways to do that. Some of it doesn't have to be in
a performance review. There may be processes we have about the work
plan and modulating the work and being able to speak about why we're
behind schedule or failing in some ways that would be really important to us.
Right now, we're sort of doing that behind the scenes. We're trying to
rearrange—we are rearranging stuff all the time based upon what seems to
be the monthly demands.

Council Member Kniss: Issue du jour.

Chair Burt: Here's another one to just toss on the table. I'm just putting
alternatives out there. What you just said causes me to think of we had our
Committee as a Whole after our Retreat. That was valuable. We had one,
do a second one, we didn't get to do that. Between the Retreat and the
Committee as a Whole, we had a lot of ability for us as a Council to be
thoughtful and have dialog at higher-level discussions of where we wanted
to go. I think I just heard that there could be real value for a Committee as
a Whole that is more oriented for us as Council to hear from Staff as
opposed to Staff overwhelmingly hear from us. That's part of the feedback
loop that we probably don't have strong enough in our approach. That
might be something for us to consider at the Retreat and just discuss it
there.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to toss out something that sounds a little
bit outrageous, but take from it. When I worked at Sun, we had every
Friday afternoon beer bust. I could get more done between 5:00 P.M. and
7:00 P.M. than I could get done all week long, because everyone was there
and it was access. I'm not suggesting a beer bust, Jim. There are times
when we can get together more casually and have that opportunity to
interact. I think we did that the other night at the Art Center. You can run
into somebody and say, "Have you thought about ..." It's just hard when


                                                                                    Page 34 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
