                          TRANSCRIPT
YMCA.     In the '70s those two parcels were granted a PC, Planned
Community. They were given certain things that they would comply with.
As of June 19, the landlord has filed an improvement for the property, the
basement, to convert the basement facility into three suites. I've been
asking the Planning Department to look into that. I've been working with
Amy French and Jodie Gerhardt. It is my opinion that the landlord at that
particular site, Mr. Wheatley, is in non-conformance with the PC that was
granted back in the '70s. The parcel that belonged to Morrison and Foerster
had the basement facility for recreational, and the other property has a
theater on its site. Equity Properties, which owned that parcel, has been
sold, as Council Member Burt told me, to Hudson Pacific. That theater might
be in jeopardy as well. You may remember back in 1997 or so, Landmark
Theaters almost pulled out because of the agreement with Equity Properties.
I'm asking the City Council to look into the PC that was granted to
Mr. Wheatley, and ask Mr. Wheatley to try to work with us to try to keep
that site, that 15,000 square feet basement site, a recreational facility. I
don't know if it's also in violation of your moratorium on converting retail to
office, but it's my understanding Mr. Wheatley's plan is to have that space
saved for Morrison and Foerster which will then be more offices. Right now,
Mr. Wheatley has moved his office, it used to be on Ash Street, into that
facility. You can go down there to 755 Page Mill Road and you will see
Mr. Wheatley's office there. Thank you for your time.

Herb Borock: Mayor Holman and Council Members. Last month I attended
the public meeting of the Postal Service on the relocation of their facilities.
They had two possibilities: one in the basement of the current facility at 380
Hamilton, and the other at 999 Alma Street. I'll have my comments in a
letter I'll give to the Clerk and also tomorrow to the key Staff people. There
are two Executive Orders issued by Presidents Carter and Clinton that are
pertinent. The first, Executive Order 12072, on federal space management
on August 16, 1978, gives preference in urban areas to selecting a site in a
central community business area and requires consideration of the
availability of adequate public transportation and parking and accessibility to
the public. Those criteria are met by the current site; they are not by the
Alma Street site. Executive Order No. 13006, locating federal facilities on
historical properties in our nation's central cities, issued on May 21, 1996,
requires the Federal Government to utilize and maintain historic properties,
especially those located in central business areas. The site at 380 Hamilton
meets that criteria. The other site on Alma Street does not. Although the
identified alternative on the current building is a better site than the one on
Alma Street, locating the Postal Service's functions in the basement is not
the optimal location. The public part of that facility should stay where it is,
the lobby, the window services areas. If you did that, it has certain
advantages. One, you could place a wall separating, for example, the City's
                                                                          Page 6 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
