                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: We've talked a couple of times about is it going to
be first project ready gets the money or what's the process for allocation.
Do we want to direct Staff to advocate for a different process?

Council Member Scharff: What did they do in San Mateo County? We've
talked about how that seemed to be a fair process. I think we thought that
was. We have one of the most complicated grade separations, so we won't
be the first projects to be ready. We want to think about what's a fair
process, so that if it takes us longer, we still get money.

Mr. Mello: In San Mateo County, they used a very similar process to what
the State uses for Section 190 prioritization. They have a host of criteria,
average daily traffic, collision history, safety concerns, number of trains per
hour, a whole host of other measures. They use those to prioritize all the
requests by the different municipalities.

Council Member Scharff: What did you say?

Mayor Holman: Needs based.

Council Member Burt: It's need based, not ...

Council Member Scharff: Why don't we do a need based—why don't we put
that in there? If you have language you think might be good, why don't you
suggest it?

Mayor Holman: Council Member—I'm sorry, Josh.

Mr. Mello: Just one more point. They also fund design as a first step, and
then you enter into construction if you make it through the design phase.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you complete? Okay. Council
Member Burt, you are next.

Council Member Burt: Just following up on including something about the
criteria for selection of priorities. I would put as maybe a new "B" and drop
"C" down that "the criteria for allocating funds to specific grade separations
be driven by need factors."

Council Member Scharff: That's accepted.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you agreeable with that?

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure why we want to say just grade seps.

Council Member Burt: That's all we're addressing here for one thing.
                                                                         Page 59 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
