                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: Under CEQA, to what degree, if any, can we give
greater emphasis to the individual project impacts versus the cumulative?

Ms. Gitelman: Under CEQA, when we're looking at an individual project like
this one, the question is what the project's contribution is to the cumulative
impacts and whether it's considered considerable.           I don't have the
guidelines with me, or I'd give you the section. In the Comprehensive Plan
EIR, effectively what we're analyzing are cumulative impacts of growth over
the life of the plan. We are going to find that there are significant impacts
that need to be mitigated. Presumably we'll put a mitigation regime in place
that will require of individual project applicants something to mitigate those
cumulative impacts.

Council Member Burt: The other concern is whether we will have additional
parking spillover. I was struck by the parking survey that one of the
neighbors did. It seems that the only recourse we'll have as a City—I
shouldn't say only. The strongest one that we would have if we see
additional spillover from this project that is different from what the analysis
has anticipated would be the Residential Permit Parking. Even though it's
not before us tonight, can you or the City Manager give us any sense of if we
saw additional degradation of the parking on Pepper and Olive, how difficult
would it be to add those streets to the RPP Program in the not too distant
future, after this project came online?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you again, Council Member Burt. We do point out on
packet page 952 that there is a possibility to pick up four or five spaces on
Ash Street, if we change the parking regulations on Ash Street. There's
some potential additional supply if we look hard at the neighborhood. Again,
our analysis is showing that we're not going to need to do that. If we did,
we could. In addition, as you point out, we could go through the process
that the Council established in an ordinance adopted last December to
establish the RPP.

Council Member Burt: My questions was slightly different. If we see that
there are those impacts, this thing gets constructed, and shortly thereafter
we see that we've had significant additional degradation or, for that matter,
see that the other projects already under construction in that neighborhood
cause a tight parking situation to get worse, how hard would it be for us to
go forward with an RPP Program for these streets?

Ms. Gitelman: The ordinance that the Council adopted provides for initiation
by the Council or by a neighborhood. There'd be two ways that we could
bring forward that proposal and consider it for adoption, like we're
considering the Downtown program, like we're implementing.

                                                                       Page 126 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
