                             MINUTES

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:04 P.M.

Present:     Berman, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid

Absent:      Burt, Wolbach

Library Advisory Commissioners

Present:     Chin, Hagan, McDougall, Moss

Absent:      Loy

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Community Partner Presentation: West Bay Opera at the Lucie Stern
      Community Theatre.

Rhyenna Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director, presented the
General Manager of West Bay Opera, Jose Luis Moscovich. The West Bay
Opera was one of the City's important theatre partners at the Community
Theatre.    West Bay Opera had been performing at the Lucie Stern
Community Theatre since 1957. Mr. Moscovich had been with West Bay
Opera for almost nine years.

Jose Luis Moscovich, West Bay Opera General Manager, mentioned that
West Bay Opera would perform a Mozart opera on February 13, 2015 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre. A free preview was scheduled for February 5, 2015 at
Avenidas. West Bay Opera enhanced its sets through the use of high
definition still and video projections. He played a video of a performance.
More than 200 community volunteers worked on each production. English
translations were provided during performances.         The school program
reached 20,000 children on the Peninsula annually. West Bay Opera wanted
to enrich the lives of people located on the Peninsula and in Palo Alto by its
productions. While West Bay Opera had a few sponsors, it relied on
volunteers and community support. The opera essentially survived through
ticket sales.

Mayor Holman felt a high quality opera added to the cultural life of the
community. She appreciated West Bay Opera's performances.

Mr. Moscovich invited the public to a production of the West Bay Opera. As
performances routinely sold out, he offered to make tickets available to
Council Members if they would like to attend a performance.


02/02/2015                                                             116- 429
