                          TRANSCRIPT
how that's run. Frankly, we've talked a lot on this Council about having a
reformed governing structure for Caltrain, where we move in somewhat—
where cities that have the higher ridership actually have some say in terms
of what happens or there's an elected Board for Caltrain or something so
that there's a focus on Caltrain. With all the cap and trade money you
mentioned, do you think there's any way we can get that separate funding
source? This will reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Mr. Gordon: Candidly, I think it's less likely that we would be able to get
cap and trade dollars for a dedicated funding stream for Caltrain. Then we'd
have to figure out how to get a dedicated funding stream for several other
rail lines including the new one that's going to start in the North Bay, the
Metrolink in LA. I'm not sure that we get there, but I think it is possible to
get some of those dollars. I hope it's possible to get some of those dollars
for some of the infrastructure needs that we need that will improve the
system.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I have approximately 64 questions, but I'll try to
narrow it down to one or two. You actually answered a bunch of the
questions in your initial presentation that I had. One thing that we've been
talking about a lot and we'll be talking about tonight is housing. I think
already a certain percentage of cap and trade money goes towards housing,
if my recollection serves correct or maybe that was part of that 40 percent
that the Legislature has discretion over. What are the odds that that
amount get increased and what happened in the Legislature this past year?
I think there was a bill in regards to tax credits that the Governor vetoed.
What's the hope that some help gets provided?

Mr. Gordon: The news around funding from the State funding help and
support for affordable housing is not good this year. The Legislature did
approve on a bipartisan basis a tax credit expansion for the construction of
affordable housing. The Governor vetoed that. We also had legislation that
would have required a two-thirds vote, and we were unable to achieve that
threshold for the imposition of a fee on certain real estate transactions that
would then be dedicated for affordable housing. Again, we did not get the
two-thirds vote. Both of these issues will come up again next year in the
Legislature. They are not dead; dead for this year, but not dead in terms of
concept. Something we're going to continue to look at. I think the cap and
trade dollars for housing are a little bit of a dicey proposition, because with
cap and trade you've got to find a clear nexus to greenhouse gas reductions.

                                                                       Page 11 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
