                          TRANSCRIPT
more on-Staff capacity that could have cut that time? Yes. Those are
legitimate points. I would say that I'd love to see some analysis—we are not
going to do it, by the way; we're too busy actually trying to build buildings—
to really compare our performance on public construction projects to
governments across the country. I think you can look all the time about
over-promised projects at certain costs that go way, way beyond any of this
sort of thing that we do. I really think we do really good work, in particular
in an environment that is—I would say this. The project management piece
of things requires discipline. The whole process we use requires discipline.
We're at a place that is more than happy to sort of look at changing direction
at times or wanting more also. Also this is—let me just say this. I'm really
happy again that the Council has acknowledged that what you want to
accomplish in infrastructure is absolutely one of the top priorities for the City
and really one of the quality of life most determining sort of factors, and also
that you're opening the door for us to not hold back on what it takes to be
able to be successful. I will say this. It could very well prove out that we're
still being too tentative at the moment.

Mayor Holman: Please don't misunderstand. I think we all agree that the
end result at Mitchell Park is really good. What I'm after is, if we'd had this,
this wouldn't have happened or it would have been intercepted more quickly.
I don't think anyone disagrees. It was like we had the wrong contractor,
blah, blah, blah. We didn't necessarily have the contract manager that was
the best for the project. What I'm looking for in terms of understanding and
justifying additional Staff positions is where the holes were. It went on for a
long time. That's what I'm looking for, some kind of comparison. I don't
need to reexamine all the points, but that's what I'm looking for in terms of
even looking at the plans and seeing whatever major issues there that
weren't caught either. That's what I'm kind of looking at, a comparison
there about where we could have intercepted those issues. One of the
things Council Member Scharff mentioned, the TOT, I want to make sure
that, as we're looking at funding infrastructure, that we make sure that our
Impact Fees are current. I know that's been an ongoing concern issue, and
we update them. Are we updating them to the extent that we should and
are we in comparison with other cities? Most of them we don't charge as
much as we could or even maybe should. That's a significant issue for me.
Byxbee Park, why is that one 2018 to begin? Yeah, why is that 2018? Why
is that?

Mr. Eggleston: Partly just because of where it got placed in the schedule,
frankly, with the work flow and resources needed for other projects. Part of
it, at the time we were first putting this together, also had to do with the
fact that the rest of the landfill wasn't capped. One other issue that I'm
recalling about Byxbee Park is that this cost estimate that's in here for this
                                                                          Page 25 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/9/15
