                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Buchanan: I just had to substitute two people in place of people I
originally submitted, because they had to go make international business
calls to Asia. I want to take my time and put it into two segments. The first
segment is use Downtown North as an example of how permit parking can
go forward as planned on Phase 2. I think the ball is really on the tee for
you to hit at this point. As everyone acknowledges, the Staff has really done
a terrific job on a very tough issue, an issue that Councils have been
deferring for the last 10 years. There's just no way you can take a problem
that's been deferred that long without getting into the grist mill. I don't
have time to thank them for every detail. It wasn't a perfect job, but it was
a job as well as it could possibly be done under the Staff shortages that they
labor with on so many different things. There's a second irony that I'll finish
my remarks with besides the irony of me talking against a garage. First
about Downtown North. If you imagined a checkerboard with 1,400 little
squares on it, that's what the parking situation in Downtown North is. That's
the total number of practical places to park cars, about 1,400. The puzzle is
how are you going to distribute and put people on those particular parking
spaces. To make a long story short, I think we have enough data—Lord
knows I know the data backwards and forwards—that I think it's conceivable
that Phase 2 start with the allocation of 400 or 600 of those 1,400 parking
spaces in Downtown North. That means Downtown North, however you
want to issue the permits, would be a commercial parking lot for 400 or 500
or 600 cars. It's the biggest all-day parking garage in the whole Downtown
core. That's, to me, a very generous way to start taking a look at it. It's
not as if the residents don't need parking spots. It's not as if we don't need
some vacant spots for people to find their way. Go back to the 1,400-
square checkerboard. Some kind of zones, concentric zones, are probably a
good idea. Let's assume there's three, then you have to slice Downtown
North, which is basically a larger rectangle, into three components. You can
slice it anyway you want to. You can allocate 500, 400 or 600 parking spots
within those zones. In Phase 2—it won't be perfect—you could give that a
try, and that's what I hope you'll do, and then see what the distribution
would be. If you don't address distribution in some fashion, all the cars will
be parked exactly as I've submitted to you. We have 14 blocks that are
totally saturated; 25 blocks that are fairly reasonable. Parking is just like
the high school thing. You remember when you got little steel filings and
put a magnet under it, and you move the magnet around. The magnet is
University Avenue. Unless you have a distribution plan, all the cars are
going to simply be pulled by gravity, fluid dynamics, closest. I don't have
any aspirations that the distribution system will be particularly helpful to the
neighborhood quality.       By using some zones, you could get some
redistribution.    We have neighbors, particularly those that are around
Everett between Alma and Cowper, that have no parking space. If anybody
leaves a parking space in the middle of the day, within 20 minutes
                                                                        Page 35 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
