                          TRANSCRIPT
creating major problems with traffic, jobs/housing imbalance, parking, and
so on. Is 50,000 square feet per year the right number? I don't know. It's
a reasonable number and a good one to start with. We could look at it after
a few years and see if we want to change it up or down. It seems realistic.
The next question is do we want to divide that 50,000 square feet up by
location. One of the things that concerns me is if we don't do that, a single
project could come in with, say, 45,000 or so square feet Downtown and
consume all of the potential for office development Citywide. You want to
consider putting a limit on each area. Just as an example, 20,000 square
feet Downtown, 20,000 California Avenue, 10,000 El Camino. I’m not saying
those numbers are magic, but we should have some kind of a number for
each area. The criteria, this is on page 10, packet page 812. I would add a
sixth one, the impact on the jobs/housing imbalance. For example, an office
project which also includes housing, especially BMR housing, would get more
points than something that was pure office. Then the question is what do
you do with all of the developments which are coming forward which are in
the pipeline. The pipeline project that Staff says is more than 100,000
square feet over the 50,000 square foot limit, and then they have a number
of criteria for looking at what is good and what's bad about a project. That's
a good start. Just as another, let's say bonus point, if a developer came in
with a proposal for, let's say, 20,000 square feet of offices and, in order to
improve the quality of the project, he reduced that office space by at least
10 or 20 percent, that would give him a bonus in terms of being looked at in
comparison with the other projects which are in the pipeline. I would look at
that sort of thing. The willingness of the developer to make adjustments
based on Citywide issues is a positive thing for looking at their proposal. I'd
take that into account also. Finally, the question of whether we should give
somebody approval just because they're earlier in the system is a bad idea.
Staff should look at a group of projects which are under proposal and rank
them according to the criteria that they've got and approve the ones they
rank higher, not sooner.

Pat Sausedo:       Good evening, Mayor and Council.        I'm Pat Sausedo,
Executive Director of NAIOP Silicon Valley, the commercial real estate
community in your community. We submitted a letter on April 6th, and
NAIOP wants to continue to express strong concern in regards to adopting a
cap on office and R&D development within the City of Palo Alto, in the
Downtown, the California and the El Camino Corridor. There's no question
that the complex issues of vehicular traffic, parking congestion and viability
long-term of our brick and mortar retail uses are challenging in today's real
world. We have seen extensive economic development throughout the
community, and Palo Alto has been the core of economic development for all
of Silicon Valley for a very long time. Prior to adopting growth caps, NAIOP
continues to recommend a thorough analysis of the following: assessing the
                                                                        Page 37 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
