                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt motion, seconded by Council Member
Kniss. When the City Clerk can, to get the motion on the screen please.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to approve the proposed Concept Plan Line for the Charleston-Arastradero
Corridor, leading to final design and implementation of landscaped medians,
bulb-outs, and other pedestrian and bicycle improvements consistent with
the existing striping, which was approved for permanent retention in 2008
and 2012.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Burt, would you care to speak to your
motion?

Council Member Burt: I'd like to say this thing has been a long time coming.
It's gone through exhaustive trials. I can't think of a longer trial period of
any measure in not only our City but I can't think of any surrounding city
that has gone through a longer trial period. In that trial period, we've
actually improved the design. It's had a beneficial feedback loop. We've
improved it both for better auto flow than it initially was and improved
pedestrian safety and bike safety at the same time. When we look at the
trend lines on increased bicycle use at our schools in this corridor, I think
about Terman which has had since the trial went in about a 50 percent
increase in bike use after being stagnant for a long period of time. It's
having real impacts. On top of that, it has a tremendous safety benefit as
well. I think it's a project that is well worth doing. As in all beneficial
projects, there are some tradeoffs, but I think in the net this is a very clear
positive. I look forward to seeing it landscaped and its final version.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. I was down there a couple of times today just
to reinforce what I was hoping we would hear from people tonight, which is
the dramatically improved safety aspect of this. I'm sympathetic with those
of you who are running into the amount of traffic. It's hard to share the
road. There's no question. This really walks that bike talk without question.
I think Penny is still here and I cannot tell you how many times we've talked
about trying to make that corridor safer for kids. There are so many schools
along this corridor. Some of the schools have more challenges than others.
I think this is a really important place to be protecting our kids and
increasing the safety. I was delighted to see it and glad to second the
motion.


                                                                        Page 94 of 130
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/28/15
