                          TRANSCRIPT
understanding and appreciation for that is very difficult. The challenge I
have was to try—I mean, the poverty level where we live is certainly not as
great and the unemployment is minimal if you compare it to Fresno or
Bakersfield—I'm just picking on them—other areas in the Central Valley or
the interior of California. There's not a lot of understanding or need or
willingness to really provide a lot of help for that. The good thing is in
affordable housing that is something, because of the lack of redevelopment,
that there is some efforts to do. I frankly think the issue is we need to be
able to provide—the State needs to work on and we've tried every year
some form of tax increment financing opportunities for local government
after the elimination of redevelopment. That has not been successful. The
Governor is very much opposed from what he has shared with any idea or
the ability to have tax increment financing that would take away from cities,
counties, school districts or special districts as redevelopment did. The only
way you can kind of allocate those funds—it has to come from somewhere,
that then you could bond for housing. I would hope that these—my sense is
these have to be done regionally, whether it's done within—a city can't do it
alone; whether it's defined out—some of the tenant protection and
preservations. One city can tackle it and look at it. If you have a region
that's looking at that, either in Santa Clara County, in San Mateo County, I
think that's really where we have to do it. The interest here on those issues,
as you know, are very strong and have a lot of impact on legislation.

Mayor Holman: Why don't we stop there? Council Member Wolbach turned
his light on. Maybe at the end of your question you might clarify your other
question which was climate change and sea level rise. That's a huge topic;
maybe you'd like to hone that in a little bit.

Senator Hill: Cory.

Council Member Wolbach: I also want to say thank you very much for
coming. It's always good to see you.

Senator Hill: Thank you, Assembly Member--did I give you a proMotion—
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Very nice to see you. Also I wanted to say hello
to one of my former colleagues, Lisa Chung, of your staff who I know from
firsthand experience for a couple of years does fantastic work in your district
office in San Mateo. I just wanted to check. Your current liaison to Palo Alto
is now Lisa, as I thought. She does a great job for everyone else on Council,
on Staff and the community who needs to get in touch with you. I know we
can look to her. First, I wanted to say thank you for being a leader on the
privacy-civil liberty-technology question in Sacramento. We've not seen that

                                                                            Page 11 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
