                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I know she's right. I want to know what page it's
on.

Ms. Silver: It's Staff Report page 1.

Mayor Holman: Number 2.

Council Member Wolbach: Let's amend the motion to begin with adopt a
Record of Land Use Action for a new office building for the property located
at 2555 Park Boulevard.

Mayor Holman: You need to also include "an Architectural Review."                  All
we're eliminating is "and Design Enhancement Exception."

Council Member Wolbach: Would we want the word "application?" It would
approving an Architectural Review application for a new office building.

Mayor Holman: You would need to add "with the following amendments."
City Attorney, would it be with the following conditions of approval or the
following amendments?

Ms. Silver: It should be "with the following amendments". Number 1 should
be "add a condition of approval selecting Parking Option Number 2."

Council Member Wolbach: Just as a matter of procedure, is it okay for us to
do this and then add a second or third condition of approval in a separate
motion following this?

Mayor Holman: Yes. What we have in front of us right now is add a
condition of approval selecting Parking Option Number 2. The applicant shall
be required to submit a Transportation Demand Management plan including
the provision of Caltrain GoPasses to all building occupants annually for the
life of the building occupancy. Vote on the board please. That passes on an
8-0-1, Council Member DuBois abstaining.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois abstaining

Council Member Burt: I want to make sure that I'm going to frame this in a
way that's appropriate. Let me ask Staff. I was thinking that the best way
to direct it on the sight line would be to give a direction to assure that there
is adequate sight line at the building at the corner of Grant to assure bike
and vehicular safety for left turns exiting Grant.

Ms. Silver: Do you want it to be direction to Staff to review that issue and
require project modifications?

                                                                         Page 98 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
