                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you coming up with some
pocket legislation over there?

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I agree with Council Member Kniss. I think in its
current format, we can't pass it tonight. It's too prescriptive in its current
format. I think if Policy and Services wants it, then they should get a shot at
it. Then the question is should we have the Staff bake it a little bit more
before it goes to Policy and Services. That's an interesting question, and I'm
still thinking about it.

Mayor Holman: City Manager.

Mr. Keene: I already told Rob if it goes to Policy and Services we're going to
still give you a redline version that (inaudible) get 50 percent of the way
there.

Mayor Holman: I don't have any other lights, but I have a question. Given
that Policy and Services' agendas are full as was discussed this morning—
this is maybe a question for City Manager or City Clerk. I'll get right to you,
Pat.

Council Member Burt: As Policy and Services Chair (inaudible).

Mayor Holman: My question—you can pile in on this too. I just wanted—I
think it would be really great if we could get it to Policy and Services and
back to Council to approve before the end of the year. Council Member
Burt.

Council Member Burt: As we have discussed our recent agendas, we
actually—tomorrow is a light one.         We've been willing to have extra
meetings if needed. Up until now, they weren't needed. The Committee's
been open to that. If that's what would be required to get it back, I think
that's a good objective. I think we'd like to see it return to Council this year
as well and be willing to do what it takes to do that.

Mayor Holman: My question then—I can't tell you how much I appreciate
the motion by Council Member Scharff and Vice Mayor Schmid because I'm
so enthused by this. At the same time, as I mentioned earlier, I've been a
little uncomfortable, Staff know this, with the process that we for good
                                                                          Page 75 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
