                          TRANSCRIPT
little baby. I had to choose between paying the rent, paying a phone bill,
transportation costs, phone, utilities, food, healthcare. Often we didn't
have electricity. Often I had to hitchhike or walk. We were homeless. I
was hungry. It's not right. We need to do better for ourselves and the
people who work for us. We need to pay $15 an hour minimum now. Why
not $20 an hour? Let's be realistic. Take the right step. Feel your heart.
Care about the people who work here. Make a difference. Raise the wage.

Wendy Ho, United Way Silicon Valley: Good evening, Mayor Holman and
Council Members. My name is Wendy Ho, and I'm with United Way Silicon
Valley. I want to commend the City of Palo Alto for their leadership in
exploring a minimum wage increase. It is both timely and relevant as the
cost of living continues to escalate here in Silicon Valley. At United Way,
we focus on helping families with children become economically secure. In
Santa Clara County, a single adult needs to make about $35,000 annually
just to meet their basic needs or $16.51 an hour. For a family of four with
at least one young child, this figure rises to $82,000 a year or two full-time
jobs at $19.39 an hour. Nearly one in four households in Silicon Valley
cannot make ends meet. Palo Alto has the unfortunate distinction of having
the highest rents in the country with the average one-bedroom unit renting
for almost $3,700. Raising the minimum wage is not a panacea, but is a
start. Studies show that the strategies that increase income are the most
effective way to help people achieve economic self-sufficiency. United Way
was proud to be an active member of the coalition in 2012 that raised the
minimum wage in San Jose to $10 an hour with an annual adjustment tied
to the Consumer Price Index. Despite what the critics said, the sky did not
fall when San Jose increased its minimum wage, as other speakers have
alluded to. The unemployment rate dropped from 7.6 percent in February
2013, one month before the minimum wage increased in San Jose, to 5.8
percent at the end of the year. Businesses grew. 84,000 businesses were
registered at the start of 2014 compared to 75,000 the previous year. The
average employee hours remained constant. The U.S. Bureau of Labor
Statistics reports the average number of hours worked in the San Jose
metro area in 2013 was nearly the same as it was in 2012, about 36 1/2
hours. Employers report gains in employee productivity and morale. We
want to build on the success we had in San Jose, and we remain committed
to raising the minimum wage across the region to help struggling families
get onto the path of financial stability. We supported the minimum wage
increases in Mountain View, Sunnyvale and most recently Santa Clara. We
also support the regional initiative to get to $15 by 2018 that the Cities of
Mountain View and Sunnyvale are now developing. The City of Palo Alto
cannot afford to wait for the State or Congress to raise the minimum wage
to meet the high cost of living here in the Bay Area. Hardworking families
need more and more help just to get by. I urge the City Council to support
                                                                         Page 23 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/24/15
