                          TRASNCRIPT
energy to get the compost going if it's ultimately going to be removed. If
we learn that it is appropriate, then I think that would be the right course of
action, to bring out compost and slowly start to turn that soil and change it
and improve it.

Mayor Holman: I heard you say you have concerns about that. Do we know
that that would be an issue?

Mr. Anderson: No, I do not.

Mayor Holman: I guess what I would suggest is that we determine if it
would be an issue or not, because otherwise we're going to be a year behind
potentially. if we go forward, should we decide to put compost out there and
start, as you say, softening that area. The other thing is we could put sheep
or horses or something out there for a short period of time because of the
composting capability of animals. I mean, seriously. It's pretty much free.
I guess rather than just assume that—you have a knowledge base; I'm not
denying that certainly. Rather than just going on what it seems like it might
be, let's find out if it would be an issue or not to start delivering some level
of compost out there to start working on de-compacting that soils in that
2.1-acre site. With that, motions? I see no other comments or questions.
Council Members, have a motion? No one's jumping to the fore.

Council Member Filseth: Move to accept the Staff Recommendation.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Holman: Motion by Council Member Filseth, second by Council
Member Wolbach, to follow Staff Recommendation.

MOTION: Council Member Filseth moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to:

A.    Complete the Buckeye Creek hydrology study before making any
      specific recommendations for possible future use of the newly
      dedicated parkland; and

B.    Direct Staff to return to the Parks and Recreation Commission to
      finalize a recommendation for Council on how to use the 7.7 acre
      parcel after the hydrology study is complete; and

C.    Direct Staff to evaluate the impacts of the recommendation to Council
      on the Acterra Nursery lease, which includes a provision allowing for
      termination of the lease with a 90-day notification.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth, care to speak to your motion?
                                                                         Page 56 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
