                         TRANSCRIPT
hopefully implemented in a near-term fashion.     With that, I'll turn it back
over to Dawn.

Ms. Cameron: As Adam was talking about the cost of the improvements,
this next slide talks about potential funding sources. As is true for most
projects in the Expressway Study, which is a planning document, the
projects listed there typically do not have full funding. They have to get in
line, try to find funding. The first step we do is identify the need for the
project. In this case, the interim bicycle improvements, which are estimated
to cost about $200,000, do have a potential funding source. It is hopeful
that we can work with Caltrans, get their approval, and move forward.
Widening Page Mill, making the I-280 interchange improvements, we'd need
to seek funding. Caltrans did have some money set aside to add signals at
that interchange. The community did not like those signals. We're hoping
we can convince Caltrans to move that funding to the round-about concept.
The intersection improvements between Foothill and El Camino, we hope
that developer impact fees, developer mitigations could help provide some of
that, because it is specifically designed to help serve the employment center
through that area. You'll see the grade separation isn't listed here. We
consider the grade separation to be a long-term project; we're not seeking
funding for it right now. These projects listed here are proposed for what's
called Tier 1 in the Expressway Plan, which is the highest priority for which
we would seek funding. The grade separation is in Tier 3. There's a part of
us that hopes that through changes in travel patterns and travel behaviors
and so on, maybe there's a way to avoid that grade separation in the future.
We've identified what's possible to do with it. It'd be in the long-term plan,
but we are not proposing to actively pursue it right now. Let's talk about
next steps. We have put this report on our website. We visited Los Altos
Hills Town Council last Thursday. We're visiting you tonight. We're visiting
your Planning and Transportation Commission on Wednesday. We are
taking comments through our email address and through other methods
through August 7th, at which time we'll take a look and see if there's any
tweaks we want to do in the document itself and respond to comments. The
key thing is incorporating these projects in Expressway Plan 2040. We've
already put them in. It's easier for us to take projects out than to put them
in. We'll take projects out if we hear from the cities that are being served
and so on that it's not a project they wish to be pursued. We will have to
work with Caltrans for anything happening at El Camino and the interchange
and work through their processes which can be pretty lengthy. However, for
all the other work that is outside Caltrans' right-of-way, we would pursue
them as soon as funding is available. This is a concept study. These
projects are not even at 5 percent design at this point. It's what's feasible,
what could happen, what could be the right-of-way impacts, that type of
thing. When funding is available, they will have to go into design and
                                                                          Page 7 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
