                          TRANSCRIPT
Correct? It'd be "maintain parks and facilities" and then it'd be "recognizing
intrinsic value and everyday importance." Page 11 of the ...

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois?

Council Member DuBois: Correct. (crosstalk).

Council Member Scharff: The same with Goal C-4, it's the new goal. Right?
The one right below it.

Council Member DuBois: Correct.

Council Member Scharff: C-1 then, it's the new goal as well?

Council Member DuBois: My proposed C-1 is the—where it says "current,"
that means the existing.

Council Member Scharff: What is the current existing goal?

Council Member DuBois: The current C-1 is on page 10.

Council Member Scharff: Right, but what does it say?

Council Member DuBois: It's over here on the left side, effective and
efficient delivery of community services.

Council Member Scharff: That's all it is, right? It's that short. That's what I
thought.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Council Member Scharff: You like that one better than you like "engage the
community, work with regional partners, reach out to school collaboration,
(inaudible) business." Why? What's the ...

Council Member DuBois: If you go read the—I don't have it all in front of
me. Going through the element, reading the element, it's kind of the tone
and the focus of that particular goal. For me, the policies and programs that
were under the current C-1 were about efficiency in delivery of services, cost
effectiveness. Those words that you just read got added, kind of took it in a
different direction from the policies and programs in my opinion.

Council Member Scharff: What you're really saying is the emphasis is on
doing it cost effectively rather than reaching out.        I'm just trying to
understand. I guess I was reading the Staff Report and this. I didn't really
focus on the tone of it, so I'm trying to understand what is different.

                                                                        Page 60 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/5/15
