                             MINUTES
James Keene, City Manager, asked if West Bay Opera would perform
Turandot in the near future.

Mr. Moscovich advised that the company recently performed Turandot. One
of his goals was to perform operas outside the usual cycle of operas.

Study Session

2.    Potential List of Topics for Joint Meeting with the City Council and
      Library Advisory Commission.

Sheena Chin, Library Advisory Commission Chair, reported a core committee
of Library Staff worked with a consultant to develop a Strategic Plan. The
Strategic Plan was intended to move the Library beyond the Library Service
Model Analysis and Recommendations of 2006 and the Library Technology
Plan of 2009-2013.       Goals under the Strategic Plan were innovation,
community engagement and partnerships, and collections. The Library
provided rooms for group study, discussions, and tutoring and for use by
organizations. In 2014, the Downtown Library accepted 994 reservations for
rooms. She compared public rooms of Palo Alto Libraries with public rooms
in neighboring libraries. She presented circulation and visitor statistics for
the five Library branches over the prior five years. Construction and
renovations had affected statistics for some branches. Books were the
number one items checked out, with videos taking second. The number of
electronic materials checked out continued to grow. Use of electronic
materials was limited by the popularity of materials and the user's
technological capability. The OrangeBoy dashboard allowed the Library to
gather data regarding patron behaviors.

Monique Ziesenhenne, Library Director, advised that the City's Open Data
platform contained a great deal of rich information regarding the Library.

Council Member Berman stated the number of Library branches exemplified
the priority of the Library in the community. He inquired about a reason for
the dramatic decline in community room reservations for the Downtown
Library from 2013 to 2014

Ms. Ziesenhenne explained that the decline was not a concern, because the
room was repurposed as a reading room while Rinconada Library was closed.

Council Member Berman was impressed by the Chromebook and preschool
tablet programs. Hopefully the schools promoted those opportunities.




02/02/2015                                                             116- 430
