                         TRANSCRIPT
consider preventing further conversions of ground-floor retail space, and
then also direction on some subsequent steps that could be taken once the
Urgency Ordinance was in place.            The subsequent steps would be to
reevaluate ground-floor retail protections that exist, strengthen them where
needed and expand them as necessary. The proposed Ordinance which is in
your packet would prevent existing retail and what we've called retail-like
uses from converting to other uses, essentially by doing four things. First, it
provides a specific list of uses that would be protected from converting to
other uses that are not on the list. It prohibits use of that 25 percent
ground-floor area conversion to office in the Downtown area of the City. It
prohibits other ground-floor uses that are currently allowed by Conditional
Use Permit, again if they're not on the list. It preserves for now existing
non-conforming retail uses that are located on the ground floor. This slide
shows the protected uses as they're described in the Ordinance. First is
retail, and we've incorporated into the Ordinance a slightly revised revision
of the definition of retail services from the Municipal Code. We've also
identified retail-like uses by name including eating and drinking, personal
services, hotels, theaters and travel agencies, commercial recreation,
commercial nurseries and auto dealerships. We do ask a question in the
Staff Report that I'm going to pose to you again in a moment about other
uses that could potentially be added to this list. Just to pause for a moment.
This is the change that we're making to the definition of retail services. This
was at Council's direction to add the word "predominantly" into the current
definition. Also, just because we may not all be familiar with the definition
of personal services in the Municipal Code, this is how it's defined, listing
some of the uses that are considered in this category. In terms of the
question we have for Council regarding uses, essentially asking whether the
list of uses that I just read of retail-like uses should be expanded to include
these additional categories:       automotive services and service stations,
private schools, daycare facilities, financial services or any other uses. We'd
be happy to discuss that further in a moment. Just to review. This is an
important question about what uses are on the list. If a use is included on
the list, the ground-floor space it inhabits cannot be reused for something
else that is not on the list. This does not prevent a property that is going
through redevelopment from redeveloping, but property owners cannot
reduce the ground-floor space devoted to retail except by the minimum
necessary to provide access to the parking below and the uses above. We
have, as usual with things like this, a question about pipeline projects. At
the Council's direction at our last meeting, we talked about defining the
pipeline of discretionary applications basically and not applying this
Ordinance to the three discretionary applications that are currently pending.
We identified those in our last discussion. One is on El Camino. One is on
Park Boulevard, and one is the 429 University that the Council heard last
week. There are also a number of ministerial permits. These are permits
                                                                         Page 18 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
