                          TRANSCRIPT
replace the base district with other development standards and uses that are
tailored to a particular project based in part on other community benefits or
public benefits that are offered. Tonight you'll be considering an Ordinance
that includes changes to that regulatory process as well as changes to the
preliminary screening requirements set forth in the Code. This is simply a
regulatory process that allows conceptual projects to be reviewed and
considered by the Council before a formal application is submitted. The PC
zoning process has been in place since the '50s, and there's been over 100
applications that have been approved. The community and Council can
certainly cite a few examples where this process has worked well, but
recently there's also been some criticisms of the projects and a number that
have failed to achieve the objectives of the district. Concerns about the
inadequacy of public benefits. The insufficient transparency and a lack of
monitoring and enforcement are some of the issues that have been cited.
Based on that, the Council over a year and a half ago established a pause to
the processing of any future Planned Community District applications. Since
then, the Planning Commission and the City Council have held Study
Sessions. It was the October Study Session from the City Council that
guided the drafting of the Ordinance that you have before you today.
Notably, the Council at the time, at least a majority of the Council, believed
that it was good to retain the PC District; while there are some criticisms of
the process, it was not totally broken; and that we should spend the time to
see if we could make some refinements to it. The Council at the time also
noted that there was an interest in having PC Districts be consistent with the
Comprehensive Plan and did not want to see a concurrent application to
amend the Comprehensive Plan to support the PC District.              Economic
analysis requirements were cited as something that the Council wanted to
see, knowing that this was not the end-all-be-all of the analysis but at least
an important tool for considering the benefits of a project, understanding
that the qualitative value assessment still needed to take place. The Council
as the final decision-maker was discussed, and that's incorporated into the
proposed Ordinance as well as a clear process by which to evaluate these
types of applications. That is set forth in the second part of the Ordinance
that's before you dealing with the preliminary screening.            There was
conversations about geographic delineations where the PC Districts might be
best placed, but ultimately that did not carry the day. There was a
conversation about the degree of variation that should be considered when
reviewing PC Districts. The Council also discussed the enforcement and
monitoring and definition of public benefits. The Council noted at the time
that it would be difficult to define public benefits. This is something that the
PTC struggled with as well as Staff. In the end, what we decided to do was
focus on the types of uses that we believed were the most important for the
district or expressed by the community. Those examples included the
affordable housing monetary contributions which we know are controversial.
                                                                          Page 47 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/24/15
