                          TRANSCRIPT

somewhere else in the middle of September, and they keep that permit for 2
1/2 months and it goes wasted. All of a sudden, we can know that and
maybe get that permit back and use it for somebody who really wants one.
That was another conversation I had with my barber. We were talking about
parking in the neighborhood. I said, "It costs the same to park in the
neighborhood as it would to buy a permit in one of these lots." He said,
"That makes more sense." Hopefully this will incentivize more people, to
Council Member Wolbach's point, to utilize the parking spots that aren't
utilized right now. Buying daily passes online, I think Council Member
DuBois I think asked about that. Was the answer yes, people can do that?
That's great I think. I think that covers most of the comments I had. Let's
definitely utilize this data, data that we get from the Business Registry, to
target the areas where we're going to get the biggest bang for our buck in
terms of getting people off the road. I was fascinated for instance, one last
point, that something like only 33 percent of tech workers drive in single
occupancy vehicles. I don't know how representative that is of the entire
tech workforce Downtown. 33 percent single occupancy vehicles, 31 percent
Caltrain, and 26 percent walk or bike was a lot more even than I was
expecting that to be. Restaurants, retail, hospitality, I mean those are areas
where we can make a lot of gains. Thank you, guys, very much.

Council Member Burt: I'm also appreciative of both the comprehensive
program that is occurring and just really starting to kick in. It's striking that
no matter how many meetings we've had on this and how much we've tried
to make the public and the press aware, I saw a local columnist in the last
week have a column that basically indicated that the Council and the City
has been doing nothing comprehensively and isn't even aware of this
problem. Having said that, one of the things that struck me was the
progress that we've made. I think it said 117 City Hall workers are now
regularly taking Caltrain. That's a really great impact, even if that's only
three to four times a week. That's the effect of probably 80 parking spaces
being freed up in City Hall. What reminded me again of something that I've
been pushing for a year and a half now is whether we should have a parallel
effort at promoting use of the VTA bus pass system, which is a fraction of
the cost of Caltrain and of course serves South Bay. A question. In our
survey, when we say Peninsula, is that north of Palo Alto? Is that how we're
defining Peninsula?    Does it go south of Palo Alto according to this?
Physically it would include at least Mountain View and Sunnyvale, but I
wasn't clear on that. I have a sense that they may have used a different
definition.

Unknown: (inaudible).
                                                                         Page 20 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
