                          TRANSCRIPT
John Kelley: Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor Schmid, Council Members. As I'm
sure you all know, there was a really tragic accident that occurred last week.
I'd just like to read to you part of what was reported on Palo Alto Online. A
52-year-old man on a bicycle who was fatally struck and killed by a car just
outside of Palo Alto Tuesday morning has been identified as Jeffrey Donnelly
of Palo Alto, the Santa Clara County Coroner's Office confirmed on Tuesday
night. Now's not the time to consider the issues associated with this
accident, even if it did occur outside of Palo Alto. Now's not the time to start
thinking about what we need to do to improve bicycle safety in our
community. I hope that you would all join us in remembering the families of
those involved in this tragic accident, and especially I hope you'd all join in
extending condolences to Mr. Donnelly's family. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: And to you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Keith Bennett.

Rita Vrhel: I wrote on my card that I wanted to give my time to Keith
Bennett. Is that possible?

Mayor Holman: Each person gets three minutes.

Ms. Vrhel: Can I give my time to him?

Mayor Holman: No, we don't do that. I'm sorry.

Ms. Vrhel: That's fine. I'm here again to speak about dewatering. As I was
taking my tea water and my vegetable water and my dish water and my
shower water out to the garden plants today, I thought, "Why am I doing
this?" Fifteen individuals in Palo Alto have pumped an estimated 175 million
gallons of groundwater. I realize that the water I get from the shower and
the sink and the faucet is not the same as groundwater, but water is water.
Water has been defined as the essence of all life, the thing that all living
creatures on Earth need. I'm sure there is something somewhere that
doesn't need water, but we're not among them. I thought, "I'm taking this
water out because we have a drought and we're under restrictions." I see
signs around that go save20gallons.org. Save20gallons.org is a Santa Clara
Valley Water District push and website that has all kinds of things, like
rebates for landscaping up to $5,000 per person, green water system
rebates, high efficiency clothes washer rebates, high efficiency toilet rebates.
It tells you how to save water. The website also has TV and radio ads. You
can also report your neighbors for not watering on the correct days or the
correct times. Yet, this all seems kind of, I don't want to say ridiculous, but
off kilter when dewatering permits are issued and basements up to 3,400
square feet can be constructed. It was interesting because in the paper
today apparently a small house over in Barron Park sold. I guess it's been in
the news all the way over to London. It sold for $1.8 million or something.
                                                                             Page 7 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
