                              TRANSCRIPT
     i.          In the Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP) Master Plan, detailed
                 assumptions, and their impacts, used to forecast the FTTP capital
                 additions are to be reviewed by, and agreed to, by a majority of
                 active citizen advisors; once this is accomplished, a revised
                 forecast is to be provided; and

     ii.         In the Wireless Network Report:

                 a.    A 20-year forecast should be provided consistent with the
                       FTTP report; and

                 b.    The description of Scenario 1 lacked both a price forecast
                       and fiber backhaul details for the proposed municipal
                       properties to be served; these details should be included in
                       an update prior to a Request for Proposals (RFP).
                       (Scenario 1); and

C.         Issue an RFP for Public Safety and Utilities Departments (Scenarios 3
           and 4); and

D.         Wireless plans will not use Fiber funds; and

E.         Direct Staff to bring a dig-once Ordinance as soon as possible; and

F.         Direct Staff to discuss co-build with AT&T, Google, and Comcast how
           the City can lay its own conduit to the premise during their buildouts;
           and

G.         Move forward with Request for Information (RFI) exploring both Muni-
           owned model with contractors for build and ongoing operations, and
           public-private model with City owning fiber and private partner (such
           as Sonic) operating and owning electronics, considering both Google in
           the market and without Google in the market.

Mayor Holman: At that point then, Council Member DuBois, would you care
to speak to your motion?

Council Member DuBois: Just briefly. Clearly I'm a believer in fiber as a
kind of utility, 21st century. I think we have a chance to draw a long-term
value for Palo Alto. Again, we didn't talk a lot about quality and reliability,
but to really have a high quality, reliable service available broadly, in the

                                                                            Page 47 of 130
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 9/28/15
