                          TRANSCRIPT
Council pass, which is admittedly helpful. The issue of parking in the area is
important, and we should take it up. It's probably beyond the purview of
what we're talking about tonight, but it does come down to employee
parking, not visitor parking. I'm also very, very concerned, as Council
Member Scharff said and others have pointed out as well, we may be
working at cross purposes. We would definitely want to eliminate anything
that we're doing inadvertently to discourage restaurants. I'm not going to
make a Motion yet, but I’m going to highlight a couple of things I've heard.
Looks like we're moving towards expanding the retail area; restricting
formula retail on Cal. Ave., but maybe allowing more flexibility in the
surrounding areas; perhaps having some kind of percentage threshold for
formula retail and maybe even percentages for various types of businesses
so that we don't end up with a monoculture of exclusively restaurants such
as what we see on Castro in downtown Mountain View. The question of
whether to exempt medical is something I haven't heard my colleagues
weigh in on. I don't have any strong feelings about that myself.

Council Member Filseth: This is a very complicated and very important
discussion. We're talking about a bunch of things here. Fundamentally,
we're talking about what is it we want for the California Avenue area. The
general sense is what we want is it not to turn into University Avenue or
Castro Street or Santana Row. In my mind that means two things. One is
that the retail and the restaurant gravity is to the community and Palo Altan
as opposed to being a regional destination the way University Avenue or the
Stanford Shopping Center is. The second is that it not become generic, so
that we have a lot of the same kind of stuff you can see anywhere. As
somebody pointed out, you go out to Milan and you can see all the same
stuff as here. The first thing is that we stay a community focus. The
biggest threat to that is that rents go to $7 a square foot in that area the
way they are on University. No community retail is going to survive that.
It'll all be gone if that happens. The biggest risks to that are office
conversion and potentially the growth of large amounts of nearby office
space. If you put another 500,000 or million square feet of office space in
that area, then the kind of retail that can afford those kinds of rents is going
to be the kind that caters to that as opposed to residents. That said, we
have adopted some Ordinances in the last few months, the retail to office
conversion Ordinance, potentially the office cap, which is going to control
that to some extent, and hopefully quite a bit. The next issue about the
genericization of this. Council Member Scharff's point is very well taken.
There doesn't seem to be a land rush of chain retail into that area. We don't
see the Gap popping up. On the other hand, in terms of businesses that
serve the community in there, for example the dental offices and so forth,
that is an interesting thing. We want to be careful not to drive that out as
well, because it is community serving. As we adopt Motions and Ordinances
                                                                         Page 60 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
