                         TRANSCRIPT
that we've had the pleasure of leading, is what are good improvements,
what makes systems, but also what's good from that street maintenance
and pothole repair perspective. I praised you earlier because you're doing
great. You're at 79. You have goals with your funding sources homegrown
to get to 85. Eighty-five, that Governor's legislation, what we use at CTC, is
a magic number where you're not wasting 10, 20, 22 times the amount to
fix it when it gets to that level of breakdown. That's to your credit. What
those public works directors have told us, that low bar is 70. If people are
meeting 70, reward that behavior and make those funds flexible, still for
transportation improvements. Supervisor Simitian also said publicly for
traffic relief improvements; that's fine with us.           For traffic relief
improvements not only within your jurisdiction, but you're already working
with nine other mayors, eight other mayors, sign an MOU. I mean, if that's
about $1 billion of a measure, that's nearly 275 million just for those cities
and towns that you've been communicating with, that you could bundle for a
completely different use. All of those cities and towns you're communicating
with are above the 70 percent. Let's be smart about this, and stretch those
dollars, should we move forward. It's not a foregone conclusion that there'll
be a measure on the ballot. We've had the pleasure of leading these
campaigns as private citizens. It usually takes a strong economy. 2008 we
don't want to have to go through again and win by .11 of 1 percent of the
vote. It usually takes a strong economy which means it usually means
traffic is a mess, that people believe that we can do something about it at
the local level. It takes adults in the room, of course, to do improvements
that are important locally, but have regional and subregional value. If we
can meet those standards, I believe we can do some good work together as
private and public sector citizens. We would welcome that opportunity.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Just a couple or three more things. I was not
aware that—what did you say? How many of the cities? Eight of the cities
that we've been working with have ...

Mr. Guardino: There was a cosigned letter that you graciously cc'd me on.

Mayor Holman: Yes. As far as the road characteristics in those cities, that
...

Mr. Guardino: Yeah, the street maintenance and pothole repair funds that
we first did in the 1996 measure. As long as you are keeping your level
above where you are—one, as long you're at least 70 and keeping where
you are, then you have flexible use of those funds locally and the ability to
combine your funds with other cities for something else that you'd like to do
for congestion relief.


                                                                       Page 87 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
