                          TRANSCRIPT
and two stories around it. That's part of that concept.       We had a project
Downtown along those lines.

Council Member Filseth: I agree with that. To the extent that this favors
projects that meet Code and are compatible with their surroundings, this is
good. Number E, the monetary or nonmonetary value of public benefits
offered. I wish I understood that one better. It sounds a little like PCs. Is
that good?

Council Member Scharff: We've pretty much got this. I did want to
comment on the intensity of use concept. I don't think there's anything
wrong with intensity of use if you mitigate the issues that come with it.
More people in a building where there are no traffic and parking impacts is a
good thing. I don't think that's a bad thing, depending on the context of
where it is. To limit that issue is the wrong thing to limit. We need to focus
on the impacts of having those people. More people in the Downtown core,
for instance, is a good thing. It adds to retail vitality. It adds to all sorts of
feelings that make Downtown great. That may not be true in other areas of
the City, but it's true in Downtown. The problem with the intensity of use is
simply the parking and traffic issues when we come to that, and height and
massing. If we meet all of that, having more people there shouldn't be an
issue.

Council Member Burt: That would apply if this was written differently. It
doesn't require 100 percent mitigation of traffic and parking. The carve-out
did. The exemption of Council Member Wolbach did. This would not
necessarily do that. You could have more intensity that only partially
mitigates traffic and parking under this. In this more idealized way, which
we may see that developers can come up with projects that would 100
percent plus mitigate traffic and parking. If we see those projects, that may
influence our thinking going forward about that principle.

Mayor Holman: One thing that I would ask to be accepted as a specific
reference is—City Manager knows I've been trying to promote this in some
arenas—an "H," "mixed use projects that provide space for cultural
amenities such as, but not limited to, art galleries and studios." Is that
acceptable to the maker?

Council Member Scharff: Yes, that would be acceptable to me.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: It's more than acceptable, but we're hanging a lot of
bulbs on this Christmas tree.

                                                                          Page 83 of 145
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/15/15
