                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I just saw an editorial—there's an editorial in the
LA Times. We can have a go and then follow it up by one in the Mercury
News, talking about how a report came out. This also goes to the trust
factor, that the High Speed Rail Authority had received a memo from one of
their consultants saying that expectations are that even just that initial leg
of the High Speed Rail is expected to be upwards of 30 percent over budget
at $40 billion, which (a) makes me skeptical that there will be any funding
for anything else, whether it's grade separations or anything out of the High
Speed Rail funds. I also wonder, one of your last points to Council Member
Schmid, I just wonder how long this project will last once Governor Brown is
no longer in office and, depending on who replaces him, given how much
he's been an advocate of it. My concern and question is are you concerned
at all with—I can't remember the timeline for Caltrain modification—what
happens to that money if the High Speed Rail project kind of goes sideways.

Senator Hill: My goal is hopefully if it does die at some point in time it's
after the Caltrain modification and modernization.           2019 is my
understanding of the electrification conclusion.

Council Member Berman:       It should be completed?      That's probably not
much of a concern.

Senator Hill: It should be completed by then. That's right after the
Governor would be termed out, so that should fit in. That money would be
spent well before that. I was as concerned as you were about that report. I
know that Council Member Burt and I raised that issue or he did with
Mr. Richard. My understanding is—in fact I saw him making the same claim
on television the other day that it was a draft report that was not official, it
was not accurate and all of these reasons. The bottom line in the grade
separations that was a take-away for me was that if this is what it's going to
cost, this is what it's going to cost if we have to do that. That's where I
think, frankly, if we can keep the—because this is a very important leg to
High Speed Rail. This is the final leg into San Francisco. I think it's
important that we make sure that we're on top of it, that we're watching it,
that we're monitoring it, and that we're advocating for the things that will
make this community and this right-of-way work best for these
communities. I think that's the critical part. That's why being vocal and
active in it is so critical and important for us.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Senator Hill: Thank you.

Mayor Holman: One question and then a request. As we all know, social
services funding was significantly cut back several decades ago. It really for
                                                                             Page 15 of 95
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/16/15
