                          TRANSCRIPT
staffing, approval of a three-year contract to Serco, Inc. for $1,509,630 for
contract enforcement for the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking,
RPP, Program, approval of a Budget Amendment Ordinance in the amount of
$378,000 to appropriate funds for the first year of the contract and adoption
of a resolution amending the administrative penalty schedule for violation of
the RPP Program. There was a second, correct?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff seconded. You've covered it all.
It's worded slightly differently from what's on the screen.

Council Member Kniss: It is. I read the title, but if you want to do the rest
of it, we can do that as well.         That should be included in the
recommendation.

Mayor Holman:     Adopting the resolution amending the administrative
penalty. Do you care to read that part please? It's on your screen.

Council Member Kniss:     I can read under 2, do you want me to read that
part? Implement.

Mayor Holman: Item 3 that's on the screen.

Council Member Kniss:      Adopt the attached resolution amending the
administrative penalty schedule to include a penalty amount for violation of
the RPP Program.

MOTION:       Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to:

A.    Implement the City’s last, best, and final offer to Service Employees
      International Union, Local 521 (SEIU) and:

      1.      Authorize the City Manager or designee to award a three-year
              contract in the amount of $1,509,630 to Serco, Inc. for
              enforcement of the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking
              (RPP) program; and

      2.      Approve a Budget Amendment Ordinance (BAO) in the amount
              of $378,000 to cover contract costs for the first year,
              transferring funds from the General Fund to the Residential
              Parking Permit Fund offset with a reduction in the Budget
              Stabilization Reserve; and

B.    Adopt a Resolution amending the administrative penalty schedule to
      include a penalty amount for violation of the Residential Preferential
      Parking (RPP) program.
                                                                        Page 40 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 06/29/15
