                           TRANSCRIPT
forward and which go back in the pool for the next year. We're talking about
the ARB having the same role it has right now, which is recommending
approvals. If there was a project that required Planning and Transportation
Commission review, similarly they would make their recommendation, but
the final decision wouldn't be made until we knew whether the limit would be
exceeded for that year.

Council Member Scharff: Is it okay to put appropriate advisory body then or
is that a problem?

Ms. Gitelman: That's fine.

Council Member Scharff: I'll accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part B, “such as the
Architectural Review Board.”

Council Member Kniss: The wording, I'd like Hillary to take a look at it and
see if we've expressed what she has said.

Ms. Gitelman: That's fine. In Item B, in the Staff Report we say "except no
applications received after July 1st or the effective date of the ordinance."
We are now so close to July 1, we're going to have to do this after the start
of the fiscal year.

Council Member Kniss: It's important that this be clear to the Planning
Department. If that's clear to you, which means that currently applications
will be taken until this goes into effect. After it goes into effect, they will not
be taken.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part B, “or the effective date
of the Ordinance” after “July 1.”

Ms. Gitelman: We would still receive and process applications. There would
be no final decision until after March 31st.

Vice Mayor Schmid: It's important that we send a clear message to the
public and developers, creating incentives for vibrant, mixed-use,
commercial centers. I'll offer an amendment that substitutes in "C" after "at
that point," "preference would be given to projects that have a jobs to
employed resident ratio of less than 2.3:1."



                                                                           Page 76 of 145
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/15/15
