                         TRANSCRIPT
overview of how we deploy resources to start in our patrol division. As you
know, we staff the streets 24/7 every day of the year. We have minimum
staffing in the Police Department of six officers, a supervisor and a watch
commander. Across the board we never go below six officers. In the City
we have four different beats. On a daily basis our numbers go from six at
the low end, and sometimes during the day they'll go up to eight, ten or
twelve officers depending on overlap with shifts as they're coming in and
going out. If we assume for argument's sake that we have six officers
working on a dayshift, how we assign them is this. For our patrol division,
our number one goal is to have at least one beat unit in every single beat.
Our Beat 1 usually accounts for about 20 percent of our calls for service.
That area is the entire area that is west of Alma and north of Page Mill Road.
That's the area that includes the shopping center, Cal. Ave. district and that
corridor along El Camino in the north end. That's Beat 1; it's about 20
percent of our calls for service. Beat 2 is our largest beat and busiest beat.
That's the beat that covers Downtown. It's basically Alma Street east and
then Oregon Expressway to the north. Beat 2 usually makes up about 45
percent of our calls for service. As I'll talk to you about in a moment, we
deploy a great deal of our resources to the north end. If you carve out
Downtown itself, that's about 21 or 22 percent of our calls for service across
the City. Again, 45 percent is a big stat for calls for service. Our Beat 3 is
our south end beat on the east side. Beat 4 is our south end beat on the
west side. Those beats get about 15 to 17 percent of our calls for service.
As you know, we have a special deployment team, set team, which is made
up of four officers and a supervisor. They are specifically assigned to the
Downtown area to work on quality of life issues. This team is very busy. A
swing shift is normally where we have them working, and we ask them to be
on foot or on a bike 50 percent of their time. Last year, we responded to
55,000 calls for service, and they made close to—give me one moment. In
the Downtown area alone we made 957 arrests and wrote 889 citations.
Beat 2 is a very busy beat. Beside our basic patrol function and making sure
that we have a car in every beat throughout the day as our patrol teams—if
we get additional bodies, we will either assign them to back up north, back
up south. We supplement our beats with those additional bodies. We will
direct them to work specific traffic problems, or we will give them other
community issues that are pressing at the time. On a daily basis, we have
our patrol officers, we have our special enforcement team out there on the
streets.   We also have our traffic division working usually during the
weekdays. That's a team of four people, and their main goal is obviously to
work traffic enforcement and safety. It's not unusual for us to move them
into certain areas of town when there are issues that come up from our
community or that we see that need special attention. We will move all of
our specialty units around as we need to. The last division that has a
majority of our folks is our detective division. As you can imagine, they
                                                                       Page 13 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
