                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Again, what I was suggesting was modifying "B"
here. Not that people would go through the year-long process to create a
new RPP that's in the Ordinance, but that under "B" we would conceptually
approve adjacent neighborhoods and maybe even apply it to "A" for
annexation into a District that would be identical to the Downtown District
but would have zero employee parking in it. Again, the idea was to do it
quickly, not to go through that annual process.

Council Member Burt: You're saying the difference is a process one?

Council Member DuBois: The Ordinance says the neighborhood can come
forward in March, and then the City will study it, and it will launch the
following year. We've impacted these neighborhoods now, and I don't think
we should make them wait a year, is what I'm saying.

Council Member Burt: I guess I'd like to hear—this issue of Council Member
DuBois has a concern on a 1-year process for those neighborhoods that have
been impacted, and for them to be able to get this Program in, if they want
to opt in, but without worker permits being sold in those neighborhoods.
Does Staff have any comments on the necessity of this 1-year process from
the time that we are petitioned by blocks within the annexed area?

Ms. Gitelman: Apologize, Council Members. We're conferring here. It
seems that a new Program could use some of the same permit process we
have. We have now the vendors and the enforcement all work together. It
really does seem to us like this would be a different District if it had this
fundamentally different principle that there was no employee permit allowed
there. I know this is a policy issue that came up in the very beginning when
we were talking about the Downtown RPP. It is a policy choice. You could
tell us that we want to allow expansion into this area, but the area would
only have residential permits. It just does sound like a different animal.

Council Member Burt: I just don't see the complexity. We've got one that
says it's got this—Council Member DuBois' question is separate. His was
about whether it needs the 1-year process that we have set up. That was
what I just asked. You're, I think, addressing something else. I don't see
the big deal. We've got a process set up allowing neighborhoods to petition
to become part of this. They're within this annexed area. If we simply say,
"They go through that, but we don't sell worker permits there," so what? I
don't get what the complexity is to saying we're not going to do something.
That doesn't create a whole bunch of bureaucratic efforts in my mind, unless
I'm missing something.

Council Member Kniss:      There's one problem with that, though.       My
understanding is you're annexing these in order to lessen the impact on the
                                                                      Page 64 of 126
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 12/14/15
