                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I thought the Council's intention of including it in the criteria
was to encourage the applicants to come forward with a proposal that would
address that issue.

Council Member Burt: Let's say they come forward and say, "I'm only going
to have a maximum of 3 employees per 1,000 square feet in my office."
How do we enforce that going forward? They can come in and say they're
going to do that. I don't know how, under our current set of controls and
regulations, we could enforce that. It's something that is a big, important
issue for us in the future. I don't think we have those tools right now.

Ms. Gitelman: I agree with you. My thought was that we would put the
onus on the applicants to propose a monitoring and enforcement
mechanism, if this was a criteria that they wanted to score highly on.

Council Member Wolbach: On the intensity of use issue, if the total number
of employees is the same, most Palo Alto residents would rather the
intensity of use for the office space be higher. That would mean that the
physical structure would be smaller, allowing either more space for retail or
housing or a smaller overall structure. Since we're already addressing
things like encouraging retail and housing, mitigating traffic and parking, I
would be less inclined to support the intensity of use issue, but maybe
support something that says "a constrained number of employees." If
you're talking about, say, 100 employees, most Palo Alto residents would
rather those 100 employees be in a smaller building than a bigger building.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a couple of clarifications. Under "D," we have a
five. Council Member Scharff, in your motion, it says in "F," "substantial
housing." As I recall earlier, you made a comment that a word like that
doesn't have much meaning. Can you give context to that?

Council Member Scharff: Sure. It is a little more fluid in this, but this is a
criteria where people get rated on how they did it. The Council will look at
this and either think it has substantial housing or it doesn't have substantial
housing. That may mean, in the whole package of context, I don't see that
we need to say "has more housing than office." We just say it has
substantial housing. That's fine, because we as a Council may say, "It
doesn't meet the substantial housing context." We may think it does given
the package.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'm concerned that something like the State Density
Bonus Law says if you had three units, it's substantial housing.

Council Member Scharff: It's up to us, right?

                                                                        Page 81 of 145
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/15/15
