Find your place. And you do have a place. We all do. We can make this a better world.
Whether it is standing up to someone bullying another or leading marches, it all matters.
Sometimes in ways that we will never know because we never know who or how many are
watching us, looking for signs of encouragement and inspiration in their own lives.

Act as if. Act as if the world is watching. Because it is.

Martin Luther King said, “In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies,
but the silence of our friends.”

There are three people who influenced me and paved a smoother path:

       • My grandmother who lived next door. She was my refuge from a turbulent
       home life. And my playmate.

       • A favorite aunt who was so comfortable in her own skin. And very funny.
       She was my Velveteen Rabbit.

       • A minister’s wife who moved to town when I was about 12. She had an infectious
       laugh that could fill a room. With it she declared she knew she had a place in the
       world. If she could, why not I?

We here are so very fortunate in so many ways. We are surrounded by opportunity. And
yet there are those who do not enjoy that same privilege due to circumstance, experience
or perhaps have no one to show them there is hope.

There are those among us, young and old, who may feel discouraged or despairing.

The City, in partnership with the School District and through Project Safely Net, has and is
continuing to support our youth.

There are also a number of meetings that have just been organized to give our youth a
voice and to express themselves in the community. I encourage you to seek them out.

We always remember the likes of Martin Luther King because he and others changed laws
and lives for the better.

Ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things. King did not leave his mark solely
as an individual. It was with the actions of people such as Rosa Parks, an ordinary person
who inspired and encouraged the larger movement for equality that King ultimately led.

Make a difference.

       Say hello to strangers on the street

       Carry someone’s groceries for them

       Tell those who have helped to
                                          – 23 of 27 – 
