                         TRANSCRIPT
was stopped on April 15th after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. spoke in Sacramento
to the public.     Stay aware, because it will be brought back like the
biochemical creation bill. If you remember, that was Assembly Bill 2283,
and it came in 2011. They wanted to melt down bodies, in a liquid form,
and pour it down the drain. It came to the Assembly, and they turned it
down. They listened and they brought it back again and they turned it
down. Twice in 2011 they turned it down. You have to pay attention. They
want to cremate dead bodies into a liquid form and pour it down the drain
like they do in Florida and some of the other eastern and southern states.
According to Brown, it was stopped in 2011, like I said, twice. Stopping it
again, the vaccinations will sneak in again. Stay diligent, pay attention. No
one person or no group of people have a right to tell you how to vaccinate
your children or your cousins or your family. A lot of you here that sit right
up there that look and laugh and whisper, you weren't vaccinated with all
this.    Who says that vaccinations work?         The only people who need
vaccinations are the people who come here illegally, who are allowed to stay
who carry diseases. That should be mandatory, not mandatory driver's
licenses. They should take vaccinations because they are bringing a lot of
diseases to the schools. Also, Wynn Parker, that Wynn talks about, a San
Mateo county resident, like I said from 8:00 to 11:00 Sunday mornings. He
will talk about vaccinations if you ask. He will tell you about them. Stanford
taught him well. He once won the smartest man in the United States back in
the '70s. The know-it-all guy. What is it called, Wynn? The question and
answer man. He answers questions in law and medicine. He passed, he
won, he has some answers. If you just listen to him one time on a Sunday
and just hear him out, 8:00 to 11:00, Republic Broadcasting Network (RBN)
live on your computer. Look him up, Parker Pathways. Thank you. Last
thing, I've got a few more seconds.

Mayor Holman: You have three seconds left.

Mr. Francois: Thank you.

Richard Yan:     Hello, Council.   My name is Richard Yan, and I am a
participant of the I Medicine Club at Gunn. We have researched extensively
on the problems of trichloroethylene (TCE), which is a carcinogen that has
permeated through a lot of our groundwater supplies. We believe it is the
entire community's responsibility to try and resolve this problem. TCE is a
carcinogen that was used extensively in Palo Alto from the 1960s to 1980s
as an industrial solvent. It was frequently spilled into the groundwater
where it still remains today. This very groundwater could be a potential
source of drinking water if the California drought continues. TCE is very
harmful, even in small concentrations. The accepted amount is five parts
per billion; although, some experts believe that lower doses can cause

04/20/2015                                                             117- 319
