                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thanks. First of all, one of the things I thought
was missing in the report was that the purpose of the Business Registry—
what were the goals we were trying to achieve? The way I would judge
whether that's successful is are we achieving the goals we put into it. It
would be nice to know what those goals were. I mean, I thought they were
to understand parking, transportation, and some other issues primarily.
Maybe you could just sort of outline why we did it.

Mr. Fehrenbach: I think generally it was to obtain critical data about our
business community, especially as it relates to transportation. As to the
success, I think it's an iterative process. I think, as you can see, we're at a
point where we can glean some information from very basic level analysis.
It's very interesting data, but it needs some additional work in terms of data
quality and in terms of reporting capabilities. I think we're on a good path
to being successful as far as getting that critical data, but we still have a
ways to go.

Council Member Scharff: I think one of the things we should keep in our
mind is, is this the best way to collect this data. I mean, are we spending
huge amounts of Staff time on it? It's the data we want; it's not 100
percent compliance. I think that gets back to what Council Member Berman
said, this guy over here. When it comes to exempting small businesses, I'm
perfectly fine with that if we don't need the data. I actually come out on the
opposite of some Council Members who said that we should waive the fee
but collect the data. I don't think the General Fund should support that
activity. If we need the data, then we should charge the fee. If the data's
de minimis or irrelevant or not going to make a big difference, then we
should exempt them.

Mr. Fehrenbach: Thank you, Council Member Scharff. I think that is the
intention of the Staff's recommendation. Essentially, how we would define a
very small business or a very small nonprofit gets to that, and that is to say
someone has less than one full-time employee including the owner of the
business. Therefore, we really are—first of all, it's consistent with the
Business Improvement District and how we look at those fees. Secondly, it
really does get to the very, very small folks who come into town for ten
hours and sublease an office and have expressed fairly widely concerns
about why they should be required to register.

Council Member Scharff:    On that basis, I would support the Staff
recommendation. I did think it was interesting that we still had those
numbers of 200,000 in here. I'd like the headline to be Palo Alto drives

                                                                        Page 23 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
