                          TRANSCRIPT
carrying it forward into next year when we get to the Council Retreat. Much
appreciated.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'll be quick here. At what point in time is your
best guess about when we start issuing debt for the project here? Is that
like a three month thing or a two year thing?

Mr. Eggleston: I believe what we have built into the current five year
budget plan and source and use for the Infrastructure Plan is to issue debt in
fiscal year 2018.

Council Member Filseth: 2018, so a couple of years from now.

Mr. Eggleston: That's what's in the current plan. We're still evaluating this
as we go, as Lalo was explaining.

Council Member Filseth: Do we do it all at once or do we sort of do a piece
and then another piece and another piece?

Mr. Eggleston: It's currently depicted in the Plan as being two pieces, but
that also could change.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: I think Lalo might have something to say to that.

Mr. Perez: Brad was spot on. Thank you.

Council Member Filseth: The only thing I was going to say is it seems like
the difference between our estimates and what they're looking like it's really
going to be, this sort of seems like structural stuff. It's not just a blip for
this project or that project. It's kind of across the board. I hope just in
general we don't have to raid the Budget Stabilization Reserve to fund
structural kind of stuff if we can avoid it. That's all. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to say I really
appreciate you bringing this forward. It looks to me like we're actually
soundly moving forward on every item that we set forth when we went to
the public and asked for the TOT increase to fund infrastructure. If there's
something we're not moving forward, let me know. When I look at this, it
looks to me like you're actually moving forward on everything. One of the
things we've done in Palo Alto over the years, when you look at these things,
                                                                         Page 17 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
