                             MINUTES
with a buyer's acceptance of park deficiencies. He studied and reviewed the
market from every possible angle.

Council Member Filseth asked if Mr. Beccaria considered all types of other
factors and attributed the difference to the location.

Mr. Beccaria stated the park deficiencies and location issue offset each
other. Part of that were differences in space rents. Some parks charged
much higher space rent. Those issues combined with relatively similar
prices had to be the difference. People were willing to live in the park in
order for their children to attend Palo Alto schools.

Council Member Filseth reiterated his question regarding a resident's
statement that the appraised value of her home was less than the price she
paid for it.

Mr. Beccaria did not have his files and was not in a position to address
specific appraisals.

Council Member Filseth asked if the known closure of the park would impact
the units in the park.

Mr. Beccaria was very careful about that issue. He could utilize data prior to
the announcement of the park closure. All data after knowledge of park
closure was tainted. He believed all data utilized from the park, perhaps five
sales, was dated prior to the closure announcement.

Council Member Filseth believed it was a matter of public record that the
park owner intended to close the park as early as 2001.

Mr. Beccaria was not aware of that fact, and did not believe residents in
general were aware of that fact. If a resident provided him with sale
information, he conducted a detailed interview of the resident to confirm the
information. By and large residents provided accurate information.

Ms. Aziz advised that the value of a mobile home had to include the in-place
value. The Council was being told that the in-place value should not matter,
because of the condition of the park. The park owner's failure to maintain
the park should not invalidate any value of the park being located in Palo
Alto. The review of appraisals discussed the need to consider in-place value.

Council Member Filseth reiterated Mr. Beccaria's argument that in-place
value was considered in the appraisal.

Ms. Aziz clarified that Mr. Beccaria was stating that it should not be
considered, because the condition of the park was terrible. His statements
                                                                        Page 15 of 41
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 04/14/15
