                         TRANSCRIPT
hope was that the pressure to succeed academically might be reduced. To
support this theme, they selected the following projects:

Palo Alto Pride Award – an award that teachers give to students to recognize
them for their effort, character, achievement outside the classroom, or any
other action or behavior deemed worthy of recognition that is not tied to
academic performance.        PAYC felt that this award would encourage
authentic, caring conversation between the teacher and student, thus
providing the foundation towards a positive relationship between a caring
adult and the student. This program is currently being piloted at Paly and
Gunn, with particularly strong support from Gunn Principal Hermann; and

Palo Alto Roots Online Publication – Palo Alto Roots is an online publication
that showcases Palo Alto students achievement outside the classroom to
highlight the various ways students can achieve success. They hope to
continue to publish articles, interviews, and videos that Redefine Success for
the Palo Alto community; and

Suggestion Box – To encourage a culture of open communication between
teens and their community, PAYC placed suggestion boxes at Gunn, Paly,
Mitchell Park Teen Center and Library, and promoted Castilleja’s online
portal. Anyone can submit a suggestion for the School Administration, City
Council, or other entity and PAYC commits to check the boxes often and
forward suggestions appropriately; and

Student & Parent Academic Stress Survey – PAYC developed two versions of
essentially the same survey to distribute to Palo Alto teens and their
parents. They found that the parent perception of teen academic stress is
very different to the teen’s reported reality of academic stress they
experience. PAYC hopes to use the survey results as a tool to encourage
more open and honest communication between parents and their teenagers
to foster a better understanding of the stress teens face and how they can
be better supported; and

Youth Friendly Business – The PAYC, City of Palo Alto, and Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce are partnering to launch the Youth Friendly Business
Initiative, a program to encourage more positive relations between
businesses and Palo Alto teens. The program hopes to launch in the Fall of
2015 with a Chamber of Commerce mixer, distribution of materials to local
businesses, and a nominating committee responsible for awarding the Youth
Friendly Business award.

2.    Joint Study Session with the Public Art Commission.


                                                                          Page 2 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/27/15
