                          TRANSCRIPT
B.    Adopt a Resolution amending the Airport Fee Schedule to update the
      fees to reflect the transfer of Palo Alto Airport operations to the City of
      Palo Alto; and

C.    Include discussions with stakeholders as we move towards permanent
      Minimum Standards.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Kniss: Several seconds I think. First of all, let me just say
that it's troubling to hear that the County didn't do what they were supposed
to do. However, having served there for 12 years, I guarantee you for 12
years we tried to give the airport back to Palo Alto. It took a long time to do
it. You sounded enthused initially, but you kind of lost your ardor along the
way. I remember the first time I voted on it was '05 or '06. I think airports
and air has become far more of a pressing issue now, especially that we
have the new next gen in place that is so distressing. We hear from the
neighbors all the time. We hear from any number of stakeholders. Thank
you, Eric, for following this and going to the airport and observing what
actually is happening. We're not seeing any easy answer right away. I think
as we get into this, we need to think really carefully about the stakeholders,
about what this may open up as the airport begins to expand. I know I've
heard in particular from people—somebody mentioned it tonight—that Surf
Air can be an issue. I think we need to be cautious as we move forward, but
I'm very mindful of our County Council urging us to at least move toward the
interim minimum standards. That's it. Pardon?

Male: (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: Is that the Motion?

Male: (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: Sorry, Molly. Clearly I was a bit surprised by the
County seemingly dismissing you.

Mayor Holman: A question for the maker of the Motion. I sort of think "C"
was to create a stakeholder group. It says to include discussions with
stakeholders. I think it was to create a stakeholder group, was what I wrote
down.

Council Member Kniss: It can be either way, to be honest. We can establish
the stakeholder group. What I had said was include the stakeholders.
Either way.


                                                                              Page 91 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
