                          TRANSCRIPT
being requested in exchange for public benefits, requiring a public
referendum in order to establish whether a majority of voters finds the
public benefit sufficiently valuable, clearly defined and durable.      I am
disappointed that the proposal is deeply flawed. There was an effort made
to shift the burden of discovering whether or not a public benefit really is a
public benefit, and also to increase transparency by having developers bring
their ideas before the Council. That's a pretty good idea, because at least
the public gets a vision of what it is someone is proposing. We still need a
menu of what actually is a public benefit. It's disappointing that in a
Colleague's Memo that came from the PTC probably a year and a half ago,
there was a pretty good menu. The other members of the PTC disregarded
that. We come to the point where we say we don't trust that this could
happen well anymore. If we were actually to define what a public benefit is
and get some consensus from the public that a benefit is a benefit, perhaps
we could go forward. We can't do it with everything being so horse-tradey.
Thank you.

Hamilton Hitchings: Good evening. I'm Hamilton Hitchings. I've been a
resident for over 20 years in Palo Alto. I'm also a member of the CAC, but
tonight I'm going to be speaking about my personal views on Planned
Community zoning. When we look at the Palo Alto residential movement of
the last election, which was such a strong force, one of the top items on the
list was stopping zoning exceptions. One of the key reasons we have zoning
is to protect the neighbors of any development as this development occurs.
PC zoning is the ultimate exception. Any zoning rule can be bypassed. The
practice of allowing zoning exceptions in exchange for public benefits has
resulted in many insignificant benefits and many benefits that have not been
adequately followed through on. I live in the Duveneck neighborhood near
the Edgewood Plaza. While that developer is currently in the process of
selling $30 million worth of condos, the public benefit of the local grocer
remains empty.        After six months, they will start having insignificant
penalties if they fail to fill it, essentially a cost of doing business. Removing
the public benefit being intrinsic to the development hurts the impacted local
residents. The proposal of zoning for sale by allowing money in exchange
for zoning exemptions means the City Staff has put in a direct conflict of
interest. The adjacent neighbors are not mitigated for the impacts of that
zoning exception. Please maintain the moratorium on PC zoning and reject
this Ordinance. Thank you.

Winter Dellenbach: I would really urge you to continue the moratorium. I
did find some things I liked in the recommendations. I'm very hesitant
about Planned Community zoning. I have looked at it closely, intensely, for
two to three years. I investigated it, read about it. I still can't make up my
mind if there is any justification for it. I worry about how all affordable
                                                                           Page 52 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/24/15
