                         TRANSCRIPT
have Moffett Field. We could do something there, and we could get the
government to. Then there's Stanford. You're letting Stanford get away
with putting up that hospital and all those medical offices. I mean, I love
Stanford. My dad graduated from Stanford, my grandson, my son. I love
Stanford. You're letting them get away with not providing housing for those
hospital workers. There are three shifts to every hospital worker. I would
say that the school teachers, we could provide housing for City employees
and for certain classifications of people. I think we should start with the
school teachers. We have the land. We have the school teachers. We have
to house the school teachers. There is no getting around it. You have to
have school teachers. You can't just keep raising their salaries 100,000,
150,000 for each teacher. You can't do it. Think about it. Good luck.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. DeAnn Warren to be followed by Susan Dennis.

DeAnn Warren:     Mayor Holman, Vice Mayor, Council Members.          The first
(crosstalk).

Mayor Holman: Could you speak into the mike? Thank you.

Ms. Warren: Thank you. First, thank you for the countless hours you put
into serving our community. My interest is to persuade you to focus the
land use vision and goals of the Comprehensive Plan to best address the
urgent, long-term housing deficit in Palo Alto. It is old news that the
shortage of housing in Palo Alto has become a crisis. I submit it would be
addressed proactively now through the Land Use Element. I have several
perspectives on this issue. I'm a family law specialist, and I'm seeing that
the families that are separating at this point have a tremendous problem
because they can't find replacement housing. This causes chaos as their
children want to and need to continue to go to the local Palo Alto schools.
The housing stock, obviously, needs to be increased for all the members of
our community. Then I speak personally. Natalie, these two pictures are of
my daughter Natalie at age 23 now, a millennial, and at 5 when we moved
into our house in Palo Alto. She was then a dancing gypsy. My daughter is
now successfully employed and earning a very good salary, but she cannot
live here on her salary because rent in Palo Alto in the past four years has
doubled and in the past 20 years since I moved here has quintupled. I came
to Palo Alto 25 years ago as a single parent, a single woman and a
professional starting my own business after leaving the County as a DA. For
a period of time I was forced to live close to the poverty line as I built my
business with a baby but was able to do so thanks to different forms of
assistance in my community, Palo Alto.        As a single parent after my
daughter was born, I could afford to rent almost anywhere in the City. I
lived with many others in an enormous house in Crescent Park, 100 years

                                                                      Page 41 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/5/15
