                         TRANSCRIPT
I stated before I've lived here since 1963 in the house on Metro Circle and
have never seen the push of real estate people be as great. In the last two
weeks, there have been two very well dressed young men doing their job.
They've come door-to-door in our neighborhood trying to list the houses.
For our house, I've received in writing an offer of $1.5 million for my house,
which is in the deepest part of the floodplain, 1,550 square feet. We love it,
and it's an award-winning house from years ago when the Architectural
Review Board gave out some awards. It is urgent that it gets done now with
all the pressure from the real estate industry.

Renata Tong: Hi, my name is Renata Tong. I live in one of the Eichler
neighborhoods, Torreya Court. I wanted to voice my vote to support
waiving the fee for the single-story overlay.

Council Member Scharff: After that rousing support, obviously we should
waive the fee. I'll move that we direct Staff to continue the past practice of
treating single-story overlay district requests as rezonings initiated by the
Planning and Transportation Commission so that no fee would be required
and that Staff bring back an amendment to the Municipal Code reflecting
that.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION:     Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.   Direct Staff to continue the past practice of treating Single Story
     Overlay District (SSO) requests as re-zonings initiated by the Planning
     & Transportation Commission so that no fee would be required; and

B.   To return with an Ordinance updating the Municipal Code to reflect this
     change.

Council Member Scharff: This is absolutely the right thing to do. Since we
haven't charged a fee, it clearly doesn't make sense to start charging the
fee.   On reflection, it clearly makes sense that we don't have large
neighborhoods having to go ahead and get the money to put this together
and do it. This is a zoning-type function, and as such we should move it
forward as such.

Council Member Kniss: We approached this the last time. I know Council
Member DuBois is gone, but we both suggested probably consistency would
be the best path for us to follow with this. My thanks to Bob Moss who went
back through his records. From what he could tell and, I guess, from what
we can tell, this fee hasn't been charged previously. In making the second,
                                                                         Page 48 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
