                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: That was sort of a similar reaction.      I think that
seems more like a policy thing than a part of the vision.

Council Member Wolbach: Like I said, I'm fine with holding off from the
Vision Statement on that one.

Mayor Holman:      Going back to where I was with neighborhoods are
protected from increased traffic, parking intrusion. I'm not going to offer it
as an amendment at the moment. I'm just going to say my concern about
the word "increased traffic" is increased traffic doesn't necessarily mean a
degradation. It's all incremental. I'm struggling a little bit with that word.
We're talking about the impacts of traffic, parking intrusion and noise.

Council Member DuBois If it just said "traffic impacts" instead of "increase in
traffic"?

Mayor Holman: Yeah, "traffic impacts." Can we make it that?

Council Member DuBois: I'm okay with that.

Mayor Holman: Are you good with that? Council Member Wolbach, you
seconded the Motion, so are you okay with that?

Council Member DuBois: That was Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually this is already a ...

Mayor Holman: This is the amendment. I'm sorry. This was Council
Member Filseth and Council Member DuBois. They're both okay with this.
This is the amendment.     Council Member Wolbach, to speak to the
amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE AMENDMENT WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Amendment, “increased traffic”
with “traffic impacts.”

Council Member Wolbach: I'm just trying to remember. This wouldn't
necessarily rule us out including it here. Did we include some similar
language to this in one of our other elements?

Council Member DuBois: The Land Use Element I believe.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess my only concern is that it's a question of
whether this is in the right place, whether this should be a goal within this
element or whether it's redundant based on it being the Vision Statement of

                                                                         Page 69 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
