                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: If you might add the second part which is the contract and the
potential change orders at the 10 percent level. Right?

Mr. Eggleston: Correct.

Mr. Keene: That would be a lower amount.

Mayor Holman: Is that implicit with the Motion because it did precede or do
you need us to vote on that separately?

Mr. Shikada: If that's the sense of the Council.

Mr. Keene: If the Council's interpretation is the way that's worded is to
include both of the recommendations related to the contract, then yes, it's
understood.

Mayor Holman: All three recommendations.

Mr. Keene:   Obviously we would be reducing that 10 percent by the
deducted amount of the changes that you made also.

Mayor Holman: I'm thinking implicit with the Motion. Thank you for your
question.

Council Member Kniss: Are we voting on this or do you not need it?

Mayor Holman: We don't need it.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff not participating

12.   PUBLIC HEARING: to Hear Objections to the Levy of Proposed
      Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement
      District and Adoption of a Resolution Confirming the Report of the
      Advisory Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2016 on the
      Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District.

Mayor Holman: That has been continued to June 29th meeting.

13.   Discussion and Direction Regarding a Possible Ordinance to Limit
      Formula Retail and Other Land Uses to Preserve Ground-Floor Retail
      Along Commercial Areas on California Avenue and Some Intersecting
      Streets.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, I need to speak before you get
started. Because my family owns property that may or may not put me in
conflict and, using the Mayor's former comment of an abundance of caution,

                                                                     Page 34 of 123
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                             Transcript: 5/18/2015
