                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you for all your comments and for your actions to
make everything in our county, as much as you can, more equitable. Much
appreciated actions. Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd just like to kick off by thanking the Supervisor for
coming. It's been enjoyable over the last few years to have these evenings.
What I'm very impressed by is when we have these little conversations, we
usually identify issues or problems that we are having vis-à-vis the County.
If we look back over the last three years, he mentioned the transportation
issue of getting some hard facts about where the money has been going. He
mentioned the Buena Vista issue. We also had extended conversations
about shelters in the north county, about vehicle habitation. I notice there's
been follow-ups from the County of putting offices in the north county, of
setting up a new habitation area in the north county. I want to acknowledge
that a good Supervisor listens, goes and delivers.

Supervisor Simitian: Thank you. On the homeless front, I should just tell
you, to sort of bring you up-to-date, the County as I think most of you know
closed the Sunnyvale armory in 2013.           To everybody's credit, there's
actually a wonderful housing project including housing for folks of very
modest means that is springing up on that site. It did leave unresolved the
question of where those 125 people were going to put their heads down
during the rainy and cold months, or what used to be the rainy and cold
months, of December, January, February and March. Long story, and I'll
spare you the details, but eventually I suggested that we really did need to
find a replacement facility for those four months. We, of course, tried to do
that in 2014 which was a very difficult year in terms of real estate and real
estate availability, and could not come up with a permanent site. We
cobbled together what I thought was a fairly good response last year, 2014,
with a little expanded capacity down in San Jose for north county homeless
population with some additional space in East Palo Alto with the folks at
Project We Hope, with a little expansion of Hotel de Zink, and with the use of
motel vouchers. All of that being said, we still did not really have a
replacement for those 125 folks who used to show up at the Sunnyvale
armory. We had an opportunity to observe the impact of that when the
County did its 2015 homeless census in January of this year. The results
were striking to me because the headline that many of you probably saw in
the newspaper was homeless population down. Then I started getting the
phone calls from folks in Palo Alto, Los Altos and Mountain View saying, "Our
homeless population is up. What is that about?" If you looked at the second
and third level of the numbers, what you realized is that there were about
125 to 135 fewer folks in the category of sheltered homeless in Sunnyvale
because that facility had been closed. There was a corresponding increase
in Palo Alto, Mountain View and Los Altos in the number of unsheltered
                                                                        Page 6 of 133
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/21/15
