                         TRANSCRIPT
we're really talking about the '98 flood more than anything else. I know
2012 was a bit of a nail-biter, but it didn't go over then. It did go over in
'98. If you could address some of those. Jim, probably some of that goes to
you, especially the PR piece.

Mr. Keene: First of all, I thought we did our best right now to answer the
question about the most effective things as far as sandbagging. I thought
that the comments were helpful related to what not to do. Len and the Staff
are going to have some other sessions in November. We're talking about
the need to sort of does and don'ts of sandbagging in the way that we could
explain to people. We'll have more on that.

Council Member Kniss: Would someone, though, address sandbagging on
the creek? That's the one I'm most concerned about, that we were asked
about earlier.

Mr. Keene: Let me just try this again. What we were talking about is that
we've been looking at that option, which is a great option in the locations we
put it. At the same time, it has the potential to significantly increase the
flow downstream, and we have data and modeling from the 1998 storm that
identified low-lying areas downstream. Literally, folks have said that water
actually would kind of hit the bridge at 101, go up the exit ramp, down into
the Saint Francis area, flood low-lying areas in the neighborhoods there.
One of the things we've got to be trying to get an understanding of is if we
actually impose some actually temporary conditions in one place, is there
the potential that it actually transfers that problem to another neighborhood
in the City. Obviously you can understand the dilemma that we have.
Initially we said right off the bat, no, we need to go ahead and do this. We
worked out some models to look at how we could in an emergency deploy
even across the street itself there to carry more flow, right at the Pope-
Chaucer Bridge. We haven't completed all of the analysis on this. This is
the challenge that Staff has on trying to—I hope you understand what I'm
saying.

Council Member Kniss: I do understand what you're saying, but I think it's
really important the public understands what you're saying. The sandbag
issue was a very big issue in '98.

Mr. Keene: Joe, did you want to add to that?

Mr. Teresi:    Yes, please.    In terms of the outreach to the public,
unfortunately I'm not sure why I didn't do this. The Staff Report did not
include a copy of the recent mailer that the PIOs from the various cities and
the JPA put together. I will email that to the Council tomorrow. Not that
one.
                                                                       Page 40 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
