                         TRANSCRIPT
were needed in order to make the affordable housing in this project pencil.
With respect to the street trees, I might defer to Alena. I know there was a
lot of interaction between the County and the City on the placement of those
street trees. With that, I will turn it over. That covers the majority of the
comments. I think somebody said that the Staff Report says there will be
overflow parking. I believe it says, in the clause that prefaces that, that
there is adequate parking onsite. I wanted to highlight that as well.

Ms. Campagna: Alena Campagna from Stoeker Northway. About the DEE,
the County does not allow street trees in their right-of-way at all. In fact,
they allow almost nothing except for sidewalk and plants that are 2 feet tall.
We've gone back and forth with them. The City was very insistent that they
wanted street trees in the project. The only place that we could put them
was on our site. That's why we moved the building back 3 feet. Because of
the underground garage, we had to go back 3 feet for the trees to take root
on our site.

Public Hearing closed at 11:26 P.M.

Mayor Holman: Let's combine questions and comments.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if you wouldn't mind, there are a couple of
statements made in public comment that I'd like to correct. The applicant's
representative spoke to one of them. There was a suggestion by several
speakers that somehow the parking was not met onsite and the overflow
parking needed to be met on City streets. That's not the conclusion of our
analysis. The conclusion of the analysis is that parking onsite will be
sufficient to meet the peak demand. Another speaker talked about the way
that the parking demand is calculated and said we had assumed that all of
the office parking is there during the day but none of the residents are there
during the day, and they do a total swap. That's not consistent with the
analysis that we provided. We calculated different times of the day and
night how many spaces would be serving each of the uses. In addition, one
of the speakers talked about the justification for the DEE being that it cost
too much. I would note that the DEE is to achieve a wider setback. It's
something that the City benefits from having a greater setback at the front
of the project. It results in pushing the building back on the site. I'm also
hoping that the Council will let the applicant address the loading space
question and let Reed address the questions raised by Mr. Levinsky on the
analysis either now or at some time during your questions.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mayor Holman, if I may. Could you ask Council
Members to make disclosures?

Mayor Holman: Yes, thank you so much. This is a quasi judicial item.
                                                                      Page 120 of 145
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/15/15
