                          TRANSCRIPT
official. The law already includes an extensive set of questions and a
structure for analyzing the materiality of the impact of a governmental
decision on the financial interest itself. It is something that's worth a lot
more detailed conversation if the Council wishes to pursue it. This seems to
be a suggestion of materiality in terms of the impact on the elected official,
of an indirect impact on the financial interest itself. In this particular case,
the conflict that you referred to, we had made a written request for quite a
number of Council Member financial interests, both real property and income
interest related to the potential growth cap. We also did some similar
requests for retail preservation and some specific projects that the Council
has recently faced. The FPPC has provided written guidance. They did state
that Council Member DuBois does have a conflict and should recuse himself
from the growth cap item, with respect to a potential growth cap that would
include the Stanford Research Park and one that would exclude the Research
Park but include most or all of the rest of the commercial and R&D property
in Palo Alto. That level of written opinion has already been provided. Is that
helpful?

Council Member Burt: Yes, thank you. I would like to make a motion that
we request our legislative advocate to pursue legislative opportunities that
would include a requirement of materiality of impact on the elected official
for a conflict of interest to exist.

Mayor Holman: Looking for a second. I would second that.

MOTION: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
request the legislative advocate investigate legislative opportunities that
would include a requirement of material of impact on the elected official on
the conflict of interest.

Mayor Holman: I have a procedural question for the City Attorney. Because
it's been referenced, can Council Member DuBois participate in this
discussion or vote?

Ms. Stump: Yes, this is general policy. It's a question about direction to the
legislative advocates. For the Council's consideration, the Fair Political
Practices Commission has had a project that's been underway for several
years, looking at all of its regulations. They are lengthy and complex. They
have been revising them in a series of phased decisions. I believe they are
close to the end of that process or perhaps at the end of that process. I
mention that to note that this is a very complex area of law. There has been
a lot of attention recently to these rules. It may be the view, particularly of
the regulatory agency, that they've done a refresh of the rules and they are
coming close to the end of that process. I note that for the Council.

                                                                          Page 49 of 82
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 06/22/15
