                         TRANSCRIPT
this number since our '84 or '92 campaigns. In this county with business-to-
business sales being as strong as they are, it is a plurality of the funds are
business-to-business sales tax revenue. When you ask are businesses all in
on these local measures when they're competing globally on dollars they
can't always pass on to consumers because they're competing globally,
businesses are all in. If I missed any of your questions, there was someone
who said I didn't answer questions last time.         I don't remember not
answering any questions last time, so I'm not going to let that go repeated
this time.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Guardino: Have I missed any of your questions? Great. That doesn't
mean you have to like my answers, but no one can say I dodged a question.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: It's nice to see you, Mr. Guardino.

Mr. Guardino: It's always a pleasure to see you, Council Member.

Council Member Kniss: I wanted to just say a couple of reassuring things.
Jim Moore does some of the best polling in California. I have been the
recipient of his polls as well as some of the others here may have been. His
rate of prediction is, as I recall, within the 1-2 percent. He does a terrific
job. Secondly, this is an answer I probably should recall. Many people have
said, "Why can't BART stop in San Jose and there be the ability to connect
there with Caltrain rather than it being an extension on to Santa Clara?"

Mr. Guardino: It needs the service yard in Santa Clara.       It can't stop in
downtown San Jose, 100 feet under the ground.

Council Member Kniss: Could that be anywhere else?

 Mr. Guardino: We're told no. If you want to invite BART representatives or
VT representatives to future meetings, you should ask those questions.
We've been told consistently no. It also then doesn't get to the airport
either with people movers to the three terminals. Two major reasons, but
again someone mentioned why isn't VTA here. I can't answer that either.
You kindly invited me. I'm your guest in your house; I'm honored to be
here, but I can't speak to why others aren't here.

Council Member Kniss: I too am disappointed a VTA representative isn't
here tonight. That would be very helpful.


                                                                       Page 76 of 101
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/15/15
