                          TRANSCRIPT

reason chose to pursue to try to get more information to whether it was
Policy and Services or the Council to make some decisions. That said, I
think Council Member Kniss made some very good points about why this
might go to Policy and Services. We certainly don't want to disenfranchise
any Council Members or have any Council Members feeling like they weren't
engaged and employed in this process. A couple of questions for Staff, I
guess, and maybe comments for Policy and Services. Understanding this is
aspirational, my concern about it going without more clarity from Council
Members is if it's going to be more general and more aspirational, I would
hate to see the words like support, promote, prioritize or address just
become limp noodles.         I have a little concern about that.      This is
aspirational. It's not like throwing chewing gum on a wall. This has purpose
to it, has meat to it. I guess that's my concern. City Manager, did you have
a comment?

Mr. Keene: I do actually think that it's easy to strike the right balance in the
language. That is separate from whether or not all of the policy framework
–if it goes too far or is incomplete, that is a different issue. We can work on
the language.

Mayor Holman: I guess my final comment to Policy and Services Committee
is while this may seem to be kind of a long Resolution, it is trying to like
cover the gaps and fill the gaps where maybe we don't do as good a job as
maybe we could. With that, the motion—I'm sorry. The amendment that's
on the floor ...

Male: Substitute.

Mayor Holman: The substitute motion as seconded by Council Member
Scharff and made by—excuse me—made by Council Member Scharff and
seconded by Council Member Schmid is to direct Staff to return with a
revised Resolution incorporating revisions from Council to soften the
language to be more aspirational. Vote on the board on the substitute
please. That fails on a 7-2 vote, Council Members Scharff and Filseth voting
yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 2-7 Filseth, Scharff yes

Mayor Holman: We return now to the original motion which is a motion by
Council Member Wolbach, seconded by Council Member Burt, to refer the
Resolution supporting Healthy Cities and Healthy Communities to the Policy
and Services Committee. That passes unanimously.

                                                                          Page 76 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
