                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: I'll make it a separate Amendment if people are
interested in seconding it.

Council Member Berman: What is the Amendment?

Council Member Scharff: The Amendment is to delete "i."

Council Member Berman: Delete or revise?

Council Member Scharff: I'm happy to revise it if you have—if it's already in
the Design Guidelines as Council Member Holman said, it's a different issue.
We don't need to limit it if it's not.

Mayor Holman: It's in the Downtown Guide. It is not California Avenue.
I'm referencing the Downtown Guide when I put this in. I'm not hearing a
second.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, you seconded.

Council Member Wolbach: I think Eric actually did.

Mayor Holman: Okay. Council Member Filseth, you seconded.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Filseth to remove “Limiting new development, rehabilitations (off El
Camino Real) to respect the historical pattern, where it exists, of narrow
store fronts and square footages that tend to support smaller, local
independent businesses.”

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we've got to get through this.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sensitive to the argument. We're here to
prevent independent retail being driven out of California Avenue by the
growth of office space and intrusion of chain stores. The Motion does that.
I'm sensitive to regulating more at this time than necessarily needs to be
regulated. Just because we don't regulate it doesn't mean we're not going
to get retail there. I'm sensitive to putting too much in this Motion. The
argument holds water.

Council Member Burt: As I've reread "i," the key thing is where Mayor
Holman had excepted the clause of "where it exists." For instance, on Cal.
Ave. between Birch and Park, these narrow storefronts don't exist. We have
the big Keeble and Shuchat building. We have FedEx. We have the new

                                                                       Page 97 of 123
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 5/18/2015
