                          TRANSCRIPT
takes to issue the permit, though, than any sort of penalty for blocking a
street or a public right-of-way.

Council Member DuBois: I'd be interested, particularly if streets are blocked
for an extended period of time and it's impacting the City. I support the
round-about repair and improvements. I did have some comments about
Animal Services. It was a good idea that it comes back to Finance monthly.
I'd want to suggest that it comes in for Council check-in maybe in six
months. There didn't look to be a Plan B, so it'd be good to check-in before
a whole year goes by. Super quick, if I’m out of time. I was also interested
in exploring the idea of escalating the Business Registry penalty, given the
rate of signup. I'll wait and hear if other Colleagues may be interested in
that idea.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a quick follow-up to a comment Council Member
DuBois made. Finance Committee asked for three full-time equivalents. If
you turn to page 2, the description of the three, there are three there. The
first one says Code Enforcement Officer, and it says all the good things that
the Code Enforcement Officer would do and that the Planning Commission
wanted it and they'd do all these good things. Senior Technologist says,
"We'll go and do a quick study," consultant, and see whether it's worthwhile
and come back in 60 days and tell you how important it is. The third one,
the Community Service Officer, says, "Police aren't actually using this now,
but they will in 12 months or so," so it's frozen. It could be interpreted that
all three of those are delayed but needed. I felt it would have been helpful if
there was something there that said, "The issue of full-time equivalents
against our long-term budget is an important one and we need to study it,
look at it, do something. Maybe here's the areas we might find some room
for change. Give us six months, nine months, and we can come back with
some ideas." That's the only thing that is missing in there. You make the
good case that these are important positions. Do we have a basic issue here
and are we working to address that issue over time? That would be my
request.

Mr. Keene: Could I respond to that? Those are good points. We're not
playing any budget games here.         The Committee's main concern was
ensuring that we don't add FTEs that have these long-term, lifetime
obligations.     The Code Enforcement Officer fits in that position.      The
Technologist, we need more time to see whether or not we need that
position or not as a position. We could end up coming back saying it's
clearly not and we would never want it as a position. Yes, on the Code
Enforcement Officer, what we're saying is we're not going to go ahead and
fill that position. We're guarding against that. The question of long term, if
we're not going to fill it, then it would be a situation where we'd have to
                                                                         Page 42 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/8/15
