                           TRANSCRIPT
the most part has not been replenished. This wasn't on the list, so I'm sorry
I'm throwing you a curve here a little bit.

Senator Hill: That's all right.

Mayor Holman: Do you see any strong advocate for any inroads that we
might be advocating for to get some social services funding reestablished?
The reason for that is because of homeless situations that we have, and a lot
of people who are homeless need assistance that we can't provide at the
local level and certainly need some State support for that. Do you have any
thoughts, comments or any news on that front?

Senator Hill: This kind of goes hand-in-hand with a number of issues and
social service issues in California that have been neglected for many years,
especially since the cuts that we made in 2008 when the recession hit. We
had to make very major cost reductions, expenditure reductions in a matter
of two months, three months. They were made, but they haven't—a lot of it
goes to a couple of things. One, this past year as you know, we ended the
fiscal year with probably $5 billion more than we had anticipated. There
were a lot of opportunities there to do something with it. Because of Prop
98 in education and the maintenance of effort and the money that we took,
almost all of that went to K through 14 education, which is a good thing. I
think we can all be pleased with that. We tried in the Senate especially—the
Assembly wasn't quite as supportive. We tried internally to work and we
were able to provide about $300 million for early childhood education and
daycare, child care, money for that. The Assembly wasn't excited about
doing that. We were able to get that part of it. The issue with the
developmentally disabled and the other issues in human services, the
problem that we've run up against is that the Governor has not been
receptive to any longer term programmatic increases that would have to be
sustained down the road. He's very fearful of a number of things, and that's
why I think he's so popular. He's fearful that, one, when the tax increase
that we all voted for and supported expires in a few years, if it is not
renewed especially where the proposal now is to maintain the high-end
earner tax, that would be before the voters next year probably. If those
expire, we will see a $5 billion annual hole in the budget. He doesn't want
to have to be looking at that without some changes. As you know and
mentioned, the State budget is based on and the revenue stream is strongly
dependent upon those capital gains, personal and corporate income taxes.
Basically this part of California is sustaining California and, I think, the
nation today because of that. We're not seeing that in other parts of the
state, but this is where the money is. Even the resources that the budget—
in the last few months, we're already $1/2 billion increase in the first three
months of what was projected in revenue this year. That's another good
                                                                           Page 16 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
