                          TRANSCRIPT
substation, which would then make the site available for the Public Safety
Building. Some very preliminary cost estimates for what that might cost is
about $7 1/2 million. To pursue this, we would need to work with PG&E on a
feasibility study that would confirm the feasibility of doing that and
determine what the schedule would be and a more refined cost estimate. I
should also point out that this site is in the tidal flood zone and is expected
to have soils that would be subject to liquefaction. Neither of those things
are ones that you would hope for in a site for a building like this, but both of
them are things that can be mitigated in the building's design and would, of
course, have cost implications for the project. The next site is the former
Los Altos Treatment Plant site which is located on San Antonio Avenue east
of Highway 101. You can see here there's three areas there. The one we're
talking about now is Area C which is 2.6 acres and already has the
environmental clearances that would allow us to proceed with a project
there. Areas A and B can't be utilized without going through significant
environmental permitting and mitigation that needs to be completed as part
of a specific proposal for a project there. The 2.6 acres of "C" is the one
that's currently available that could be developed quickly. The LATP is
jointly owned by the General Fund and the Refuse Fund, so that's a nuance.
With its location east of Highway 101, it has the same issues of being in the
tidal flood zone and liquefaction. The third site is Parking Lot C-6 in the
California Avenue area. It's located between California Avenue and the
County Courthouse. The parking lot itself is about 1.2 acres. The site could
potentially be increased to 1.5 acres if the Sherman Avenue right-of-way
that's between the parking lot and the Courthouse was to also be used, if
that street was to be closed for that block. Under this scenario, the surface
parking spaces that would be lost at Lot C-6 could be replaced by building a
new parking structure on Lot C-7, which is just to the west of that lot, or one
of the other surface lots in the area. There's a linkage here because, in the
Infrastructure Plan, there's also $9.5 million designated for a new parking
garage in the California Avenue area. If this concept moved forward, the
funding could be used to build a larger parking garage than just what would
be needed to replace the spaces on the existing surface lots and provide
additional spaces. This site doesn't have the flood zone or liquefaction
issues. It is significantly smaller than the others. You could expect that we
would have increased costs for providing underground parking for the Public
Safety Building parking needs. Another factor, the new parking garage
would have to be built first before the Public Safety Building to avoid at one
time losing the current surface spaces in both lots. Next steps that we're
proposing. The next step would be to move forward with a site selection and
evaluation study that would include these three sites we described and could
also include other sites. Mike Sartor mentioned that Michael Ross of Ross
Drulis Cusenbery Architecture is here this evening. He's worked with the
City on this project for many years, and he's very familiar with the Police
                                                                          Page 24 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
