                            MINUTES
Ms. Nanda believed the Hearing Officer was stating that the parties had
adequately addressed the matter throughout the process and that due
process did not require a further process. She stood by her opinion that the
Council was amending the Ordinance by allowing a process for residents to
oppose appraisals. To allow such a process because of the park owner's
amendment was not appropriate or legal. She advised the City Attorney in
January 2015 that she had scheduled a two-week trip beginning April 18.
She was not sure she would be able to respond in writing under those time
constraints.   To proceed without the park owner's response was not
supported by due process.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER that the appraiser will revise the scope of
community amenities to include things such as safety and schools.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to add to the Motion “The closure plan shall be effective upon
approval by the Hearing Officer of the modified appraisal scope.”

Council Member Scharff noted the Amendment contained two parts. The
stated amenities were broader than just safety and schools. It was difficult
for the Council to state "other factors."

Council Member Burt wanted to be suggestive rather than prescriptive.

Council Member Scharff would accept the Amendment with the clear
understanding that he could change his mind based on the parties' briefs on
the issue. He inquired whether the closure notice could have been issued
the day after approval if there had not been an appeal of the Hearing
Officer's decision.

Ms. Stump answered yes, because the park owner accepted the Hearing
Officer's decision. If the appeal had not been filed, then the park owner
could have posted the notice of closure.

Council Member Scharff expressed concern that the process was not fair. He
asked why Council Member Burt proposed a modified appraisal scope.

Council Member Burt explained that the Hearing Officer acted as the arbiter
of the process. The Hearing Officer could approve the change without
holding another public hearing.

Ms. Stump noted the Motion provided a very limited additional process
before the Hearing Officer. Section (c) indicated short timeframes for
written submissions only, no in-person hearing. The proposed language
                                                                      Page 36 of 41
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 04/14/15
