                          TRANSCRIPT
height. There's approximately 31,500 square feet, roughly, with a net gain
of approximately 20,000 square feet of net floor area. This is a project that
required architectural review. As a part of that review, we prepared a
Negative Declaration and Mitigation Monitoring Program. The timeline is
before you. The project was formally submitted in June 2014. There were
three Architectural Review Board hearings. The Director rendered a decision
in late February 2015. The project was appealed a few days later. The next
few slides I'll show you are going to be pictures of the subject site as viewed
from University with a progression of the project as it went from the
preliminary review through the final approval. This is University Avenue as
viewed today. This was the first submission that was submitted to the
Architectural Review Board for preliminary review. This was the application
as it was submitted for formal application in November 2014. The second
architectural formal review application came in January. It looked like this
and was approved in February with some details from that previous drawing.
Now viewed from Kipling Street, this is the current condition today. Again,
the preliminary review submission in 2013. The first formal review in
November 2014. The second formal submission in January 2015. That
project was refined to reflect this illustration in February 2015. There are a
number of Architectural Review Board Findings that need to be made in
addition to Context-Based Design Criteria. Those can be found in your
Packet starting on page 612. The Director made a decision on the project on
February 25, 2015. As I mentioned earlier, as part of that review process,
the Mitigated Negative Declaration was prepared and the Mitigation
Monitoring Program. We can speak to that if you have any questions
regarding that issue. The Appellant had a number of concerns with the
project related to the size and style, massing of the proposed project as it
relates to existing structures on University Avenue and Kipling Street,
safety, traffic and parking concerns and loss of retail. Tonight what we're
asking the City Council for is direction to Staff to prepare a Record of Land
Use Action that reflects your decision.             That concludes the Staff
presentation.

Mayor Holman: I'm sorry, we're doing two things up here at once. The
Applicant presentation, I'm sorry. We're doing two things up here at once,
so I apologize.

Mr. Lait: I believe it's the Appellant that you would hear from first, followed
by the Applicant.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, while we're waiting for the presentation
to come online, this is a quasi-judicial matter so we do have disclosures that
are required. Are there any Council Members who have any disclosures to
make?
                                                                       Page 22 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
