                         TRANSCRIPT
serve the employment centers in Stanford Research Park and the
surrounding areas. This is existing conditions. With all this, we looked at
improvements for the I-280 interchange, widening of Page Mill to six lanes
between the interchange and Foothill Expressway. We integrated the idea of
extending the current shared use path that terminates at Deer Creek, taking
it all the way down the interchange and creating paths through the
interchange area which we'll show you more in a moment. We looked at
grade separation of Foothill Expressway and Page Mill in terms of what that
would look like. We looked at a variety of intersection improvements that
could be made between Foothill and El Camino Real to help with traffic flow.
Initially we were asked and we did look at the idea of expanding Page Mill to
six lanes between Foothill and El Camino Real and what would that look like.
Our findings were that we had the right-of-way, we could do it but it would
wipe out all the median and the landscaping. It would wipe out also the
park strips that you have between the sidewalks and Page Mill. It wasn't
hard for us to see that that would not fit with the character that Palo Alto
would like to see along Page Mill between Foothill and El Camino Real. We
stepped back from that and said, "Can we identify intersection
improvements that can help traffic flow, but would not have such a
consequence of taking away all that landscaping along Page Mill?" That's
what we've come up with. This explains that we did look at a variety of
concepts, alternatives, evaluated right-of-way, did simulations. That's all
available on our website. We have slides if you want any more information
on those, but we're going to jump right to our proposed improvements at
this point. I want to mention that we have held community meetings, back
in November and December, fairly well attended. We also have an email
site and we received many emails regarding this study. This is a quick list of
the key comments and issues that we heard about through community
outreach. Note at the bottom two bullets. When you start getting into Palo
Alto, we heard a lot of support for bike lanes on Hanover. That's part of
what we looked at for that Hanover intersection, how to take the bike lanes
through. Interestingly enough, there is a lot from the Stanford residential
community regarding a grade separation at Foothill and Page Mill eventually,
because they get caught a lot in that intersection area. With that, I'm going
to turn it over to Adam Dankberg, who's going to walk you through a little
bit more of the improvements.

Adam Dankberg, Kimley-Horn and Associates: Adam Dankberg with Kimley-
Horn. The slide you have in front of you shows the range of improvements
that fell out of the analysis between the 280 interchange and El Camino
Real. I'll walk through the corridor from west to east to briefly discuss some
of these improvements. Starting at the interchange, we did a bunch of
analysis to look at existing and 2025 volumes through the interchange to
identify a way to relieve a lot of the congestion that occurs today, while
                                                                          Page 4 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
