                         TRANSCRIPT
open to talking with them again, particularly as Council Member Burt
suggested about doing some shared parking things to eliminate the impact
on Lot C-6. We'll take that into consideration as we go through our
evaluation process for the Sherman Avenue site in particular.

Mayor Holman: That is a good idea. That was the idea that Council Member
Burt had that City Manager Keene was nodding his head up and down about,
the shared parking. I've never been by there when that parking lot was
even close to capacity, so it is something that should be considered. I also
have concerns about Parking Lot C in a couple of regards. One of them is,
again to point back to Council Member Burt, we've reviewed projects, those
of us who have been around long enough, and become aware of some of the
traffic constraints and access constraints along Sherman. That's a real
concern. That needs to be considered, rectified, mitigated, something of
that nature. When we're talking about a 45,000 square foot building on this
size of a parcel, are you thinking of taking up the whole parcel? None of
that's been considered yet, because it's not designed yet. Are you looking at
a three-story building? What are you looking at here? On 1 1/2 acres, are
you looking at a two-story building? Are you looking at a three-story
building with some open space and public spaces? It is a police station, a
Public Safety Building. What are you thinking in terms of the design? I'm
not trying to get into designing it tonight. The reason I'm asking these
questions is because when you start reaching out to California Avenue
merchants, these are questions you're going to get. That's why I'm asking
what consideration has been given to this so far.

Mr. Sartor: When the California Avenue site was looked at, again going back
to the 2006 Police Building Blue Ribbon Commission, there were some
sketches done. Mike Ross might be able to elaborate on it a little more, if
you'd like. My recollection is the C-6 site would be a three-story building
with underground parking. We didn't get past that in terms of massing. In
this stage, we'll look at what the opportunities might be for open space and
air and light and that kind of thing. Mike, do you want to elaborate on that a
little bit?

Mr. Ross: Great question. It's likely it'll be a three-story building over a
one-story basement, an operational basement, which means that the
basement level of the Public Safety Building would have prisoner processing,
evidence processing and things that support the patrol functions but don't
necessarily need the light of day, so to speak. There would be underground
parking. A model for that was the Jay Paul proposal. Three over one
basement level of program and underground parking. A combination of
underground and surface.


                                                                        Page 51 of 63
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/6/15
