                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, this is what the Code is now. I
think what you might want to think about doing—I ask the City Attorney to
weigh in here too—is ask that minimum densities be brought forward and
put on this list of future items to be discussed.

Council Member Wolbach: That is just what I was going to suggest. Thank
you for beating me to it. I would suggest that we refrain from establishing
that there are no minimum densities. In fact, that we do come back and
maybe as a Tier 2 thing for a future discussion, talk about what kinds of
minimums or no minimums we want to establish. I would definitely refrain
from establishing that policy. I understand it has been the policy, but I don't
think it's noncontroversial to formally establish it.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) we on page 15?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: You want that left in for now or taken out?

Council Member Wolbach: I think we should not add what Staff suggested
adding here. I understand what you're trying to do. I'm not upset that it
was suggested. I just would say that it's actually in a couple of places, on
pages 15 and 16, the underlined additions that say "with no required
minimum density." I would just stick with the existing language and not
make those additions. Not making it as a Motion right now, just throwing it
out there for colleagues to weigh in as well.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I think what concerns me most in this is not
having enough residential projects that are built. Under AB 774, we're
talking about only .5 parking space per each bedroom. I think in certain
circumstances that could be a real problem, depending on the effects on the
neighborhood and parking intrusion and all sorts of issues. Then again, it
may not be an issue in certain places. What I understand from this is that it
allows Council to increase the parking requirement if appropriate parking
study is required. It seemed there were two avenues to this in the Staff
Report. One was a project specific or an area specific parking study, and the
other one seemed to be a Citywide study. Was that correct?

Ms. Silver: I think that's the density bonus issue. Council Member Wolbach
was dealing with the density range.




                                                                        Page 73 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
