                          TRANSCRIPT
have two concept area plans. My suggestion was that we shift our planning
strategy as a City towards using CAPs as a regular tool for planning.

Council Member DuBois: I think that's an interesting idea. This is referring
to the two existing ones to kind of pull them into our Comp Plan. They were
amendments, I guess, that came along afterwards.

Council Member Wolbach: You're talking about SOFA I and SOFA II?

Council Member DuBois: That's why it says two concept area plans. It's for
our two existing drafts that I don't think have been completed.

Mr. Dennis: To Council Member DuBois' question to Staff. There are two
concept area plans that are in existence, one related to Cal. Ave., one
related to East Meadow. One was received by the Council. One hasn't had
any action at all. I think that's what you're referring to.

Council Member DuBois: That's what I'm referring to there. I think your
idea (inaudible) I do think it should be a separate amendment. I think it is a
different goal. It's a separate point from those two things. I know Mountain
View does quite a few of them. I think it's an interesting idea, but I think it
would be a separate amendment.

Mr. Dennis: Council Member Wolbach, you were speaking to a particular
tool that could be utilized. Council Member DuBois was speaking to those
particular concept plans that exist.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying that. Also to follow up
with Staff on those two, does Staff see any problem with that? I just hadn't
thought about how those two would loop in. Or if you need any more
specificity. It sounds like you're clear about what two he's referring to.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're clear about Item A up there. Just to respond to
your point about coordinated area plans. I guess it's been our expectation
that in the course of developing the Land Use and Community Design
Element, either the CAC or the Council or both will identify as programs
those areas of the City that they want to develop coordinated area plans,
which is different than a concept plan. We're expecting that to happen at
the program level. I'm not sure that it would be a goal as you expressed
earlier.

Council Member Wolbach: Help me out here for a second. What's the
difference between a concept area plan and a coordinated area plan?

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 10:27 P.M.

                                                                        Page 80 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
