                          TRANSCRIPT

and we ended the study. There's a huge amount of tenant population sort of
down in this area that wasn't there when we began the study. The truth is if
we implemented satellite parking here, the parking could probably be used
very easily to support the existing tenants without really providing much use
for us as satellite parking. We would be interested in investigating that if
Council thought it was feasible to look at sort of implementing more of an
integrated bike/pedestrian path here with more landscaping and vegetation
and striping this area for parking to serve the tenants, but not necessarily to
use as a satellite lot. The other component here to consider is that the
commute survey data tells us that potentially first mile solutions are going to
be more effective for us in Palo Alto than last mile. In other words, if we get
people to Caltrain, that may be a more effective use of our time and energy
rather than developing a sort of scenario like this, which is really a last mile
solution. The last piece which we'll be coming to Council very quickly here in
the next few weeks. Looking at new garage potential scope of work is going
to be coming to Council on September 14th. Our Public Works Department
will be bringing that scope. I expect some more discussion on that garage
at that meeting. As I mentioned, this is kind of a preview of coming
attractions. You can see there's a huge amount of work we're doing to roll
out all these programs. Our goal is to bring some pretty important updates
to you in the next three to six months on how all of them are going to roll
out. 2015, we're pretty busy right now obviously rolling out Phase 1 of the
RPP program and looking at how we would design a Phase 2 program,
implementing the valet program, launching the TMA pilots and looking at our
own employee commute programs, then targeting early next year to come
back to Council with how we would recommend implementing parking
technology, launching Phase 2 and then the design of the Lot D garage. We
also think early next year come back to talk about parking, pricing and
management strategies. That is our update. We appreciate comments and
questions. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much, Jessica. As usual a complete and
clear presentation. Just a couple of quick comments here. We've come a
long way from where we started. It's gone slower than anybody wants, but
it's also been a lot to accomplish and a lot to take on and a lot of different
parties to gather input from and a lot of data to try to collect and such.
Congratulations to Staff and to the public for participating in this. It's hard
work on the part of everybody. Let's keep that in mind going forward.

M.R. Beasley: I have to start with a little bit of a joke, just because levity is
never bad. When Jessica came out and put the sign in front of my house for
the RPP program, they ruptured the line in my irrigation system. Instead of
                                                                          Page 7 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
