                          TRASNCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Basically, there'd be no other joint sessions for the
rest of 2016?

Ms. Gitelman: Our feeling is we can always add joint meetings if we need
them. We didn't want—I mean, your agendas are so jam-packed, we
wanted to put the meetings that we know have to happen, to make the
process that you've outlined to us work. We can add more if you see the
CAC going off-track, if they need direction from you or if you feel the need to
meet in joint session with them more frequently. We can certainly add
those.

Council Member DuBois: I did like the idea of kind of agendizing responses
to the CAC. That may cover that, I guess. The other thing I wanted to ask
or talk about a little bit—I appreciate the way you've spread out a lot of the
work and added a little bit of time. Would it make sense to add some
checkpoints in the schedule? Maybe during each of the Council things when
we review a particular element, we actually have a checkpoint on the
schedule and decide then whether we need to add time or not. You could
give us a sense of is the CAC rushed. Rather than kind of locking to the
schedule and sticking with it the whole way, why don't we just put in a
couple of check-ins, and maybe six months from now we can say we need to
add a couple of months, and everybody just understands the schedule's
changed.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that suggestion. I think our feeling is that that
will happen naturally. Every time we bring this back to the Council, there's
an opportunity for a course correction and an examination of where we are
in this process.

Council Member DuBois: I guess I'm asking to make it an explicit part of
each agenda, just a check-in on schedule.

Ms. Gitelman: Happy to do that. We do that on each one of the CAC
agendas. We kind of have an item at the end about how's it going and what
do we need to do different. We can certainly add that to your Council items.
The next one is currently scheduled for October 5th.

Mayor Holman:      Council Members?     Other questions, comments about
schedule, subcommittees, structure of subcommittees and how those will be
selected? Will it be—I presume—let's just say land use and transportation,
it'll be one subcommittee? What if 20 people want to be on the land use
subcommittee?      Could it be two and they come together with their
recommendations? I can see there might be one or two of these items that
might really have that much popularity associated with them.

                                                                        Page 75 of 127
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/31/15
