                         TRANSCRIPT
Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

8.   Legislative Update, Review and Approval of the Draft Fall 2015 Semi-
     Annual Legislative Strategic Initiatives.

Richard Hackmann, Management Analyst: I will kick things off and then
hand it over. Tonight we have with us our state legislative advocate, Niccolo
De Luca of Townsend Public Affairs, and Thane Young and Steve Palmer, our
federal legislative advocates, of Van Scoyoc Associates. As you've seen from
the Council packet, you have the draft Fall 2015 Semi-Annual Legislative
Strategic Initiatives. This document will guide us for the next six months in
our legislative process. It was vetted by Policy and Services Committee on
May 12th and approved on a 4-0 vote. This is intended to help us both react
to legislation and legislative policy that comes before us and also to help
form policy as we move forward. Niccolo De Luca will do a brief presentation
followed by our federal legislative advocates, and then we can take it in
whatever direction the Mayor directs us.

Niccolo De Luca, Townsend Public Affairs: My name is Niccolo De Luca. I
am a senior director at Townsend Public Affairs. I want to thank the City
Council, City Manager and Staff for your confidence and faith in us as we
represent the City in Sacramento. The memo that we submitted is in your
packet on page 196. I was going to do a quick overview on where things
stand in Sacramento, and then answer any questions that you have. In the
State, we're in a good spot. The budget continues to get better. The
Legislature met on Friday, and they've got a budget presented to the
Governor. They are awaiting his signature. It's a general framework. It is
not balanced on the back of local government, which is great news for the
City. There are some upcoming funding opportunities from the budget,
which is also great news for the City. There is some drought relief. There is
some natural resources funding that will be coming available.             The
Legislature continues to work closely with the Governor. The Governor has
made it very clear what his priorities are.          From a policy topic, the
Governor's top focus is the drought followed by more drought. There's some
additional trailer bills—I don't want to get into too much detail—that need to
be resolved. They don't have an impact on the City. It's the trailer bill on
redevelopment. There was some good news recently that we passed onto
the City. Due to State revenues hitting a certain amount and a higher mark,
there was funding coming from the State to the City, a little bit under $1
million, to pay you back for pre-2004 mandates. That's some good news
that's coming. When we presented to the Policy Committee, one topic that
was raised was transportation and transportation funding. Obviously there
was a presentation earlier in the Council meeting about transportation
funding. The Governor has called a special session—it has not yet been
                                                                         Page 38 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
