                          TRANSCRIPT
An example is this tool that Canopy currently has posted on their website,
where people can garner information. There are a number of other tools
proposed in the Master Plan that we feel are needed to have the technology
available for people to make informed choices about what to plant, where to
plant it and how to take care of it. Tools such as an open source inventory
for private property, greater accessibility to the public tree inventory,
enhanced ecosystem benefits and modeling capabilities. We have started to
develop a number of these tools. The Master Plan proposes programs so
that we can have available useable tools. Another example is we recognize
that solar is an issue, so we have started to work on a tool that is a
comprehensive look at the entire City on a site-by-site basis for solar
technology potential. Urban Forestry Section and the Utilities Department
have done the work on that, and we hope in the near future that that tool
will be available during every decision on installing a new solar panel. Smart
use of water is another important aspect. The Plan proposes not only using
our recycled water, but a number of other sources and doing that in a way
that we minimize the amount of change to our established trees and forest.
Because older trees do not tolerate change as well as newly planted trees,
there are aspects in adapting our urban forest to other water sources and
less water. Part of it is nature, what species we select; part of it is nurture,
being able to adapt those to other uses slowly and methodically over time so
that we minimize the impacts. Another notable issue that came up during
the process with the community was development. On one side, people say
we ought to do everything to protect our trees. On the other side, it's not a
problem to let people build. We struggle with this on a daily basis, so the
Urban Forest Master Plan again synthesizes some very diverse opinions into
programs that we feel will allow us to move forward in a constructive way,
not to prohibit development but to make our development smarter so that
we retain our tree canopy and the benefits that it provides and are able to
even enhance that canopy with smart development. This particular slide is
the new headquarters of SurveyMonkey on Alma Street. As you can see,
there's not many trees in sight next to that new building nor across the
street. Here is across the street after the development. You can see there's
new trees planted there. Development is also an opportunity. In fact, when
we did a historic analysis of canopy, one of the major reasons that canopy
increased from the time period of 1982 to 2010, about 5 percent net
increase across the City, was that new development mandated new trees be
planted. Areas that previously did not have an active urban forest because
of development, we were able to get trees installed within those construction
projects. We can certainly recognize the challenges that development
presents, but also view the opportunities there. Something that we have
recognized is that the more we're involved with the development process
throughout, especially early in the process when we can effect changes in
design, the better that goes both for the designer and the owner of the
                                                                          Page 70 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/11/15
