                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: In that case (crosstalk). I'm sorry, it would be the Council. Sorry
(crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: Site and design review is supposed to go to ARB
and Council, but this says "or the Director" could approve it.

Mr. Lait: It says "as delegated in the Code." Just to clarify, site and design
may require you to go to the ARB for what they're doing. A site and design
has to go to the PTC and then the Council for approval. What this is saying
is—I'm happy to rephrase it. (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: Again, it's more a question for the attorneys. I
understand that the intent seems good. It's just the language, I thought,
could be interpreted differently with that "or" there.

Ms. Silver: Two issues here. First the language was intentionally drafted in
the event that the Code were to change in the future. It's a living
document. If there is some other body that is given decision making
authority, then we don't have to go back and amend the Code. Currently, as
Mr. Lait said, only the PCE Director and the Council really have decision
making authority over projects. Also, I did want to clarify that currently all
EIRs come to you for review. Under this section only EIRs that are either
appealed or that contain a statement of overriding considerations would
come to you. That also is a slight change from current practice. Current
practice, we send all EIRs to you. If there is a situation where there is a
noncontroversial project that is approved at the Director's level, the Director
can approve the EIR. Of course, there's still an appeal to the Council.

Council Member DuBois: That seems different than what it says in the Staff
Report, in the language. Are there cases today where the Director makes
CEQA determinations where she has authority and it doesn't come to
Council?

Mr. Lait: Yes. CAD exemptions and neg decs, mitigated neg decs.

Council Member DuBois: Again, the language is expanding it beyond the
description on the text, is what you're saying.

Mr. Lait: Where in the Staff Report are you looking?

Council Member DuBois: I'm looking at page 9. Page 9 in the Staff Report
just the English description of paragraph 2.

Mayor Holman: Packet page what, Tom?


                                                                        Page 95 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 12/7/15
