                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: That's independently owned, so I'm not understanding why
that wouldn't be retail and it's not on this list—oh, it is on the list. Why is
that? It's independently owned, and I think they have three stores.

Mr. Lait: What we've done with this report is taken our—we don't know
where the Council is going to go in terms of a definition of what formula
retail is. What we did was we looked at the uses in the area and we tried to
identify if there were ten or more of those uses in California, then we put it
on this list. There is an opportunity for us to create that definition. I look to
the attorneys to see if there's a way to distinguish chain retailers from
independently owned versus some other kind of agreement that may exist.
That dialog can take place this May.

Mayor Holman: Yeah, because I don't follow that thinking at all.

Council Member Burt: First, Jonathan, you alluded to our current Code that
would make it very difficult for goods and services retail to be converted to
retail. Can you clarify that?

Mr. Lait: Yes, thank you.

Council Member Burt: In that context we recently had Chez Franc that was
a used a book store that converted to restaurant. I'm trying to understand
how that occurred under the condition you were describing.

Mr. Lait: I'm not familiar with the specific example, but I can tell you what
I've been able to piece together since I've been here. For intensification of
uses on California Avenue, there was the parking assessment district that
had existed, and I believe it has sunsetted or will sunset in the next—maybe
that's not the right term. Maybe the bond has matured; I'll look to others
who know more about that than I to speak to the technical terminology. It
used to be that you could pay into this assessment, and your property taxes
would be adjusted if you were going to need more parking for a more
intense use such as a restaurant. With that assessment district going away
or the ability to pay into that assessment district going away, that option no
longer exists. If a use is going from a retail or an office to a restaurant,
you're going from a parking standard of 1 to 200 or 1 to 250, whatever it is
in the Code, to one that requires one parking space for every 60 square feet
of the eating and drinking area. It's a much more intense use; you need to
provide more parking onsite. With most of the businesses on California
Avenue, there isn't the ability to provide more parking onsite. That physical
limitation of where the existing building is and how much parking is onsite is
a de facto limit for intensifying the use.

Council Member Burt: That would take effect when?
                                                                          Page 43 of 123
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/18/2015
