                          TRANSCRIPT
similar to the project that the Council looked at at 2555 Park Boulevard, this
is a mid-century building. It's just over 50 years. We think it qualifies
under the definition of a historical resource in CEQA. As I mentioned
concurrent with environmental review, the ARB will be examining
compatibility and Code compliance. At this point, no Code exceptions are
requested for the proposal. The proposal is on a site that was considered a
housing site, actually potentially two sites, in the Housing Element. This is
an issue that we've already looked at. We don't think that this is a fatal
inconsistency, because the proposal is consistent with the City's zoning for
the area, and also the Housing Element included an overage. If you recall,
we identified sites for more than just the bare minimum. We have the
potential to compensate for any housing sites that are developed for other
uses without having to designate new or additional sites. In terms of next
steps, this evening we're hoping you'll hear from the applicant, then from
members of the public who are here, and then we would appreciate any and
I'm sure the applicant would appreciate any Council comments or questions.
We, again, do not expect a decision this evening. After tonight's hearing, I
expect we will continue with the environmental review process. The project
may be the subject of one or more hearings at the Architectural Review
Board. With that, I'll turn it over to the applicant. Sheldon and I are here to
answer questions as we go along. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. If you would introduce yourself when you get to
the mike. You will have ten minutes.

Mont Williamson, T2 Hospitality Heritage: Honorable Mayor and Council
Members, my name is Mont Williamson. I am President and COO of T2
Hospitality. Thank you for having us here tonight for this session. A lot of
the information in my presentation may be duplicative with what the Staff
just went through, so I'll go pretty quick. If you want to ask questions as I
go, fine. I assume I'll just keep going until I'm done. If you look at the
project, what I want to talk about is first why we're doing this, why we
brought this property, why we want to do it in this location, why we thought
it was a positive thing for the City. Talk a little bit about what's on the site
right now, which Hillary went through. Show you what the existing site
looks like. Talk a little bit about what we're proposing, the actual facility
itself and a little bit about does the project align with Palo Alto's vision for
land use, the actual zoning that's currently allowed, and then show a bit
about what the project will look like when it's done, what we have done to
respond to ARB's preliminary comments that we have already received. A
little bit of a view of what this project looks like from the Greenhouse
community across the street, and then what we have accomplished so far in
our interaction with the City. I'll just take you through those really quick.
First, if you look at where the project's at, it's on San Antonio Boulevard
                                                                          Page 2 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
