                          TRANSCRIPT
paper. I've seen a lot of weird things. If you have vegetables and stuff, I
wouldn't use that water because when they recycle the toilet water, they use
2.5 times stronger bleach than Clorox in that recycled toilet water. Now that
we're blending our drinking water with recycled water and more people are
getting sick, I would think that more people would be concerned about
replacing the pipes so that we can go to alternative technology to disinfect
the water without putting any poison in it. If people value their lives, the
last thing you want to do is be drinking and recycling the toilet water,
because you're taking other people's medicines and that causes a lot of
other problems on top of that. Most of the diseases, Dr. Wynn Parker said in
Chloramine Causes Collateral Health Damage, you're not only drinking
someone else's medicine, you're drinking their disease. The water and
sewer line should be mandatory to have that on some kind of book to
replace so many miles every year. In the last ten years, I've taken a lot of
college courses, and I've had five college books that say it's going to take
over 16 trillion to replace the water and sewer lines nationwide. This would
create a lot of jobs and it would do a lot of things. Just remember all those
people that are coming to Google and Facebook, they all use the toilet, don't
they? Bring them and they will come, then you're not going to have any
water to flush it down. In this news article today, it says that your City, Palo
Alto, has to reduce your water consumption 24 percent. When you think
about this, there's no more water to buy, and people are turning to their
toilets.

Mayor Holman: Commissioners, thank you again for your service, for your
coming tonight. We really appreciate your comments, your questions and
your service. Thank you all very much.

3.    Annual Earth Day Report Study Session and Sustainability/Climate
      Action Plan (S/CAP) Update.

Mayor Holman: Before we go to Staff, I have something here to share with
you all and to recognize. As we celebrate the 45th anniversary of Earth Day
on Wednesday, the Council would like to recognize and give kudos to several
Gunn High School (Gunn) students who showed great leadership in getting
water bottle filling stations installed at Gunn as a way to reduce creek litter
and prevent waste from bottled water sold in vending machines. Funded by
a grant from the City Public Works Watershed Protection Program, the
students came up with the idea, assessed the current impact of litter from
water bottles, worked with Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD)
maintenance staff to get new units installed, and are providing outreach to
students. Next fall, students will assess litter reduction as a result of
installing these water bottle filling stations. Two of the students, Josh
Kaplan and Aitan Grossman, and their advisor, Carole Langston, are here

04/20/2015                                                              117- 283
