                          TRASNCRIPT
of people just parking there and camping out. I think we can certainly
investigate what would the cost be. I'd be happy to do that.

Council Member Burt: I think we should reexamine that issue. Finally, we
have EV charging stations at the Library. I live not too far from Rinconada.
I know of at least one neighbor who owns a Tesla and has a charger in his
garage, but chooses to park his car down at Rinconada because it's free
charging. I just don't get it. It's not only why should we be giving away
that electricity, but also we're inducing people to fill up our Library parking
spaces so that they can charge their vehicles. This goes to a broader
Citywide issue of at what point in time should we start moving away from
free EV charging. Given the parking competition at our libraries, I think we
should add that to something we reexamine sooner rather than later. That's
just a comment. Other than that, these are issues associated with some
real great successes. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd just like to reiterate my colleague's comment that
the libraries are exciting places to be, and the general public is noticing that
and expressing that. One quick comment on the strategic aspect of what
you're doing. The data we have, as Pat mentioned, is Fiscal Year '14 and
'15. Of course, we're all very interested in what's happened since they
reopened. Is there quarterly data available on a monitored basis so that we
can see what happens when the two new libraries are open?

Ms. Ziesenhenne: We've included that with the LAC packet. We're happy to
pull out the information. We track it by month, so we can show you.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Maybe for the next quarter or something, it would be
helpful for the Council to see that. The only way of getting a future
projection is, I guess, through your budget, numbers in the budget
document. They seem to tell a story that checkouts will actually be a little
bit lower than they have been in the past when all the libraries were open.
Visits and meeting rooms will be dynamically growing. That seems to have a
strategic aspect to it, that the way we deliver services and what the
community uses the libraries for are not radically changing, but are going
through a transformation. I would think that the Strategic Plan would talk
about what your expectations are on this and what you're doing to adapt
and how we can reach out and tell the community that there are new places
with new sets of activities available.

Ms. Ziesenhenne: I agree. Since it's a living document, it's something we
can work in and something we can continue to track as we go through.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Good. I think that's one of the exciting things coming
up.
                                                                         Page 11 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
