                          TRANSCRIPT
years gave higher scores, and those who lived more than 20 years in Palo
Alto as you see here. Just another example of how this can be used. You
can go question by question. Individualization will take a moment, because
there's a lot of data that's being parsed, but all the graphics are going to
update. Moving to the last tab, demographics two. In this one, the user can
filter the results by any combination of demographic attributes. The pie
charts are going to show the demographic makeup of the results. I have
selected the very first question, Palo Alto as a place to live. I'll select north
Palo Alto, click apply, and it'll take a second for all the bar charts to update.
I have previously selected males. I'll select both male and female and press
apply again. You'll see an update once more. Now we can see both male
and female are included. Again, hovering will show you the number of
respondents and any other details including margin of error are going to be
included in the little circle.      That concludes the brief presentation on
Tableau.

Ms. Richardson: We will be working with IT to put this on the open data
website. Once it's on the website, it's published as a webpage and you don't
need to have the Tableau reader to work with it.             You'll be able to
manipulate the data as Houman did here. Anyone who goes on the open
data website would be able to do that. The last piece of our project is the
Citizen Centric report, which is a four-page foldout document, that provides
City organization, general community information such as population,
median price of home, that sort of information. When you open the cover,
to the left of page 2 you'll get key performance measures that we've pulled
out of the annual Performance Report. On the right side of that open page,
page 3, you get some revenues and expenditures broken down by
department.      The back page, the City Manager's report gives some
information on the economic outlook and key accomplishments. Again, I'd
like to thank the City Manager and his Staff for their collaboration with us on
ways to streamline the report, and also the department directors and
department liaisons for their support and responsiveness to our requests for
information for producing the report. That concludes our presentation. We
will now take any questions.

Council Member Kniss: The one that really jumps out is the one about
retirement. Tell us, how do you think that must have been interpreted? Is
this a good place to retire if you came from someplace else? Is it a good
place to retire if you've always lived here? So many people have taken
advantage of Prop 13 and have substantially lower taxes and sometimes say
that they feel like they're trapped in their own home, because the taxes are
so inexpensive. I'm interested in knowing if you read that into this in some
way.

                                                                          Page 8 of 103
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/1/15
