                          TRANSCRIPT
part of Palo Alto. Palo Alto is already a job center. I absolutely agree with
the comments earlier that we don't need to change our Comprehensive Plan
to make ourselves more of a job center. We already have been for quite a
long time, a job center. Palo Alto was created to be essentially the company
town for Stanford. We've spread our wings separately from that and have
done a number of things and have already become a world leader in many
ways to the point where we have a lot of negative impacts from that.
What's really important is the negative impacts of growth be addressed with
that in mind, especially things like parking, traffic, housing costs. These are
things that, as was mentioned earlier, people are talking about at Town
Halls. They're talking about throughout Palo Alto. We fully recognize the
impacts of rapid, unconstrained job growth are causing negative impacts and
negative feelings throughout Palo Alto. I'd propose either an addition to
Goal B-3 or perhaps just as direction to CAC and Staff to consider policies
and programs to promote—let's go with that for now, hopefully a friendly
amendment. To direct Staff and CAC to consider policies and programs to
promote business development and business community partnerships—
actually I should say and employer partnerships to significantly mitigate
impacts of job growth including but not limited to traffic, parking and
housing demand.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: This would be a direction to the CAC and Staff, but
it's not a specific policy or program?

Council Member Wolbach: Right. It would be direction to them to consider
policies and programs toward this kind of end.

Council Member Filseth: I think that's not unreasonable as a direction. As
you were talking, the thing I was thinking of was TMA, for example.

Council Member Wolbach: Exactly.

Council Member Filseth: I think that's reasonable. I think with the caveat
that mitigate is a word we throw around. It's important to understand that
mitigation almost always reduces but doesn't eliminate the impact of what
you're talking about. As long as everybody understands that, I'm okay with
this. I was going to say I am persuaded, however, by your argument about
job growth a little bit. At the moment it reads Goal B-3 to adopt policies
that moderate the pace of jobs growth, but it's conceivable we'll find a time
in which unemployment is 88 percent in Palo Alto, and we'll need to do
something. Who was it that seconded this? Was it Tom? It was Greg,
right? Would accept it to change the word "moderate" to "manage"?

                                                                         Page 77 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
