                          TRANSCRIPT
runs behind the 3800 and 3900 blocks of El Camino. For some reason,
apparently the 3800 block is City property, because the City has paved that
and maintained it for years. The 3900 block is an orphan. It goes through
all sorts of problems. At one time not too many years ago, it was basically
the trash collector. People would throw all sorts of garbage in there, and the
graffiti was pretty bad. It was a real mess. There's about ten pages of
history in the packet in letters from the community. Maybe you haven't had
a chance to read it yet, because it's not something, I'm sure, you're excited
about. It is becoming an issue. The ownership is kind of a mystery. It goes
back almost 90 years. Supposedly it's inherited by somebody, but we're not
entirely sure who and where they are. In order to provide a good street,
which is used by the way, it's used extensively by, for example, people that
go into Happy Donuts. They park there and they leave there because you're
not supposed to go back out from Happy Donuts to El Camino. You're
supposed to go around through Cypress Lane. As I say, there was a real
attractor for graffiti until just a few years ago when I cleaned it up quite
vigorously, and it's not too bad now. I think it's appropriate for the City
Council to take a strong look at the ownership of that property, ask the Staff
to try to locate the owner, contact them, and find out if they're willing to sell
it. It's not a big piece of land; it can't be too expensive. It's used as a
street. It ought to be dedicated as a public street. This is the only street I
know of in the City that is a really used public street that the City doesn't
actually own. Of course, it's in Barron Park, so where else would you be
(inaudible) something like that. I think it's appropriate to get concerned
about it. Somebody on the Council, the Staff should take a look at it. I
think we should get it resolved, because we can't let it hang around forever.

Mayor Holman:      Thank you.    Elaine Breeze to be followed by Andrei M.
Sarna-Wojcicki.

Elaine Breeze: Good evening, Mayor Holman and Members of the City
Council. My name is Elaine Breeze. I'm with SummerHill Housing Group.
The Applied Materials Turkey Trot returns for its 11th year this Thanksgiving
morning in downtown San Jose. This is the largest turkey trot in the nation
and includes the Mayor's Cup 5K Challenge sponsored by SummerHill
Housing Group. Elected officials throughout the region will represent their
cities by registering for the Turkey Trot. Cities with the most registrants in
their respective size category will win the Mayor's Cup Trophy. Over 20,000
runners participated last year, and we expect another large turnout this
year. As in previous years, the Trot will include a 5K run/walk, a 10K run
and a kids' fun run for ages 2-7. All profits from the Turkey Trot will go to
five benefiting nonprofits, the Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Clara and
San Mateo Counties, the Food Bank of Santa Cruz County, the Housing Trust
Silicon Valley, the Health Trust and the Healthier Kids Foundation. We look
                                                                         Page 45 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
