                          TRANSCRIPT
Attorney's Office at a minimum are going to be going to everyone of those
meetings. Ultimately, it comes back to the Council, so that's on just one
sort of policy topic, unless I'm missing it.

Mayor Holman: I believe it's two rather than one, not three rather than one.

Mr. Keene: It goes to the Planning Commission before, then the P&S and
then back to the Planning Commission.

Mayor Holman: No. It goes to Planning Commission and then to—excuse
me. It goes to P&S and then Planning Commission. Two rather than one.

Mr. Keene: It probably will only take four meetings at most between tonight
and the final Council action to deal with this issue. That's all.

Mayor Holman: I'll call a spade a spade. Council Member Burt.

Council Member DuBois: I'll channel the ghost of Council Member Burt. I
want to agree with what Mayor Holman just said. It's not about agreeing or
disagreeing. It's about the Council sending a policy direction. In the past if
the Commission disagreed, they would do what was requested, and then
they might write a separate memo and say, "We disagree with this." That's
not happening. We're just not getting the work we request. In terms of
efficiency, I think it's going to be more efficient to just send it to Policy and
Services to refine it a little bit. It's too late at night. I would rather do it
here right now, but I don't have that option. We're starting to talk about
this after 11:00 p.m. The Memo was very open-ended. It talks a little bit
about affordable housing, other things. I don't think it's meant that ADUs
would be affordable housing under the legal definition. I just think a little
clarity from Policy and Services will actually save us a lot of time. I think we
do need to recognize that for whatever reason this Commission is not
serving us the way other Commissions have in the past.

Council Member Berman: Mayor Holman?

Mayor Holman: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Point of clarification. How many rounds are we
going on this one amendment?

Mayor Holman: I think we're just about done. Council Member Filseth. I
only have this one last light.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to comment to Council Member
Berman that I don't think this is about bashing anybody and so forth. It's
about how do we get this done the fastest and what's the best process we
                                                                        Page 109 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/19/15
