                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Second.

Mayor Holman: First, Council Member DuBois, is that acceptable? You need
your mike on, please.

Council Member DuBois: I hit my light because I wanted to make a
comment on what Council Member Burt was saying here. I think I'll decline
and let it be voted on as a separate amendment.

Mayor Holman: Okay. We have a second then by Council Member Scharff.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Burt moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return to Council for more
substantive discussion of narratives supporting Goals.”
Mayor Holman:   Council Member Burt, do you care to speak to your
amendment any further?

Council Member Burt: No.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: Yes. When I started speaking, I gave our Director
of Planning a little bit of a hard time on this, because this is sort of what was
bothering me. Council Member Burt crystallized it for me. We're looking at
apples and oranges here, and that was what was bothering me. When you
look at C-1, which is what we're doing, it's a title, effective and efficient
delivery of community services. When we look at a retained PTC goal, it
says for instance plan for a future in which our parks and libraries. Those
are very different and they feel very different. The whole structure of the
PTC is very different than the original one. It's a title versus a narrative. I
assume when you say we're going to maintain parks and facilities, you're not
just putting the title in red; it's the whole thing where it says Goal 3. The
structure here feels wrong. It feels like we're mixing and matching and that
you need some narrative to go with the other goals or you need to get rid of
some of the narrative with the others. It just feels wrong. I do think Staff
needs to come back and put some narrative to support these other goals.
That gets back to my original question, which our Director couldn't answer,
which is what is the policy difference in what that narrative is going to say of
what we're doing now. I've got to be honest. I'm really disappointed that
you can't answer the question. How are you going to write the narrative?
Are you going to write the same narrative that the PTC had? Just put that
as the narrative? Come back? You've told me there's no policy difference.
If there's no policy difference in what I'm voting on, then the narrative part,
it's going to be interesting to see what you write there. I'm really glad this

                                                                         Page 78 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/5/15
