                         TRANSCRIPT
PTC shared with the community in 2014 as well as any feedback you, the
Council, provided in previous times. Part of tonight's work will be finalizing
that feedback into specific direction for the Staff. With that, I'm going to
jump right in. I'd like to start with the Community Services Element. We'd
like direction on three items as seen here. The vision statement, the goals
and Policy C-28. Policy C-28 is mentioned specifically within your Staff
Report. That is the policy that provides the City's current principles on the
location and development of new parks.            The Staff Report has a
recommendation to incorporate the guidelines—excuse me, shared our
recommendation to incorporate the guidelines that are part of the upcoming
Parks Master Plan. We hope that you will let us know what you think of that.
Once we're finished with Community Services here, we're going to follow the
structure for Land Use, vision statement, goals. We also have asked for
some guidance on Policy L-8. With that, we're available to answer any
questions that you may have. Happy to kick this off. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Members, we have 12 speaker cards. I have
received just a handful of comments from members of the public that
sometimes in the past we have entertained Council Member questions and
then the members of the public could speak. Do Council Members have a
preference or ...

Female: Let's hear from the public.

Male: Public.

Mayor Holman: Go ahead and hear from the public next is what the
Council's pleasure is. First we will have Hamilton Hitchings. You'll have
three minutes, to be followed by Don Barr.

Hamilton Hitchings: Good evening. My name is Hamilton Hitchings, and I'm
a member of the Citizen Advisory Committee. While not speaking on behalf
of the Committee, I want to reassure the Council that whatever you decide
tonight, I will adhere to as a member of that Committee. I'm also a member
of Palo Alto Forward and Palo Alto For Sensible Zoning. As a result, I've had
an opportunity to hear a lot of concerns about growth and diverse visions for
the future of Palo Alto. Tonight, I'm going to make recommendations that
substantially address those concerns while trying to find as much common
ground as possible. My first recommendation for the Land Use Element,
vision and goals, is to raise the quality of construction for new office and
multiunit residential buildings. Specifically, plan and zone for substantial
growth that will reduce total car trips and miles driven, reduce greenhouse
gas emissions, improve parking, and aesthetically enhance our
neighborhoods and commercial areas. We also need to significantly lower

                                                                       Page 32 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
