                          TRANSCRIPT
and prophylactic for animals. Rather than to treat a disease or a bacterial
infection, they use it for prophylactic methods. That has been why one of
the reasons has determined why we're getting so many antibiotic-resistant
bacteria that have killed about 23,000 every year and have injured and
people suffer, about 2 million. We were able to work this year with the
agriculture community and with environmental community and had
legislation that now will become law January 1st which will require a
prescription for every use by a veterinarian. No longer can they purchase it
in a feed store. No longer can they administer it for prophylactic use unless
it's for a specific reason that has been identified by a veterinarian, so his
license or her license is now responsible for the prescribing of antibiotics in
agriculture. Hopefully we'll see a change with that. I've also had, because
of this issue, a stewardship program adopted that went into effect last year
that in every hospital in California there has to be an antibiotic stewardship
program to manage the use and the prescribing of antibiotics to make sure
that they are done in a way that's important. Another just a couple of little
bills. One of the reasons that you never see many AEDs, automatic external
defibrillators, in office buildings—you see very few of them. You'll see them
in city halls and around there, but you won't see them in office buildings.
The reason for that is that the liability for the building owner and the
business owner was extreme, and there was so many conditions and
requirements on the placement of those. They had to be tested weekly or
monthly, had to have someone trained in the building. A physician had to
be on—I mean it was quite a bit. Working with El Camino Hospital, very
closely with them, we were able to get legislation passed this year that made
that much easier, and the business owners. We'll see many more of those in
place. One bill that I was kind of proud of, that we fought hard on, is made
in USA, the ability for products that are made in the USA or made in
California. If you are a California manufacturer, right now that product has
to be 100 percent made in the USA in order for it to be claimed made in
USA, which makes good sense. You would think 100 percent made. There
are certain products that are not available in the United States, certain
things. There was a small young fellow who manufactured a product that
was a light bar on off-road vehicles. He could not get one product—one
diode was made elsewhere. He could not claim that. Every other state in
the Union uses the Federal standard which is based on where it can come
from. It really put California businesses at a competitive disadvantage when
we weren't able to use the same standard; we used our own unique
standard. Now, you have to have 95 percent or 90 percent if it's not
available in California and you can claim it's made in the USA after that.
That will be, I think, helpful to businesses in California. Those are just a few
of the bills. One that did not get signed and it gets to the utilities is a dig-in
bill that we had.        You probably saw the news over the weekend in
Bakersfield, where a large backhoe near Highway 99, the fellow dug into the
                                                                              Page 18 of 95
                                                               City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/16/15
