                          TRANSCRIPT
different, if you will, that I want to talk to you about. When I was in the
Legislature—I'm sure each of you as Council Members has this experience
and gets asked a version of this question—people would say how do you
decide what it is you want to work on during the year, what's on your
agenda. I had a pretty clearly defined process. At the beginning of every
year, we'd say we want to work on some big issues, some compelling issues,
because that's why we're here. We got asked to come and do the work. We
face some big challenges, and that's our obligation. By the same token, you
want to work on some things that are a little smaller, in part because not
every problem is huge. There are smaller problems that are important to
somebody out there. Also because some of the bigger problems can only be
addressed incrementally. Also because frankly you need some small wins
just to give yourself a little sense of accomplishment so you can tackle the
next problem, whatever it might be. That being said, I also thought it was
important to tackle some things where you kicked up a little dust and
challenged the conventional wisdom.          If you were saying, "How does
Supervisor Simitian or previously State Assembly Member or State Senator
Simitian figure out what he's going to work on," it's sort of let's take on
some big challenges that need tackling, let's take on smaller things, and
then let's find some ways in which we can sort of challenge the conventional
wisdom. In that sort of latter two categories, as I have come back to the
County government where I served from '97 to 2000 and then of course
where Council Member Kniss served from 2001 to 2012, we have sort of a
mantra in our office about how do you treat the public right. There just are
a lot of opportunities to get it wrong during the course of the daily business.
These are going to be small things, but I just sort of wanted to share them
with you because they're something that we talk about in our office. You'll
immediately know what I'm talking about. Voting. Everybody, we hope,
goes to vote. You ask yourself, "Is that a process where we treat the
process right?" It's a small thing, but the County exhorts us all to vote by
mail if we possibly can. We get our vote by mail ballot in the mail. You've
got to pay your own postage. God help you if you don't happen to know
whether you've got the two-ounce packet or the three-ounce packet. If you
do have the two-ounce packet or three-ounce packet, you have to
remember what the postage is for three ounces, which I'm guessing very
few of us do off the top of our head. Then, of course, you have to find that
91 cents just for the record that goes on the ballot. At that point, we're
surprised that more people don't vote by mail as we would like them to or
that they drop off their ballot at their local polling place even though they're
vote by mail voters. As we talked about how we could do a better job at the
Registrar of Voters this year, including the multimillion dollar technology
expenditures, one of the things I said was what would it cost for us to pick
up the tab for the postage. The answer was a relatively modest sum, a few
hundred thousand dollars. Now, we're going to do that. In this November
                                                                          Page 4 of 133
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/21/15
