                          TRANSCRIPT
that guideline of compatibility than we have been of late it seems? That's
one of the reasons why we've been getting so many appeals.

Ms. Gitelman: Let met talk to that issue for a minute. We've been receiving
pretty consistently the last few years about 70 applications a year for IRs, so
about 70-two-story homes. Of those, again consistently on an annual basis,
we see less than a handful, so three or four, of them get very contentious
and result in appeals to the City Council. You are right that there are many
instances in which we get into discussions with applicants and neighbors
about how to interpret the guidelines and what is meant by compatibility.
We're always trying to do better and apply these guidelines consistently.
Open to all of the input we get from neighbors. We try and work through as
many of these as we can. The ones we can't work through, they end up
before you to adjudicate that issue.

Mayor Holman: Understanding that Staff has a lot of work on its plate and
we heard from Leah McGarrigle that they have an application ready to go
tomorrow morning, Council Member DuBois and I in particular have been
meeting with some of the neighborhood groups by invitation. It seems like
they've been organized and thorough. Is there some opportunity or some
possibility rather than addressing these, again looking for efficiency for the
part of Staff as well as the neighbors, to do some kind of bulk processing of
these? If things come in and they're very orderly, could three applications
be considered at once? By that, I mean could those neighborhoods meet all
at the same time together? If it gets contentious, it gets contentious. If
there's good agreement on wanting to move forward, would that be efficient
for Staff and the neighborhoods? Could it be?

Ms. Gitelman: Obviously we'll look for any opportunity to process these as
efficiently as possible. We do have a lot on our plate right now. We'll look
at that idea. I did talk to one of the Staff members who processed one of
the last single-story overlays that went through our department. Where the
controversy and the time is really involved is dealing with the folks within
the neighborhood who are not onboard. There's this 60 or 70 percent
agreement requirement for an application. That still leaves some members
of the community who are not in support. They inevitably have questions
and concerns that require some Staff time to respond to. We're happy to do
that, but that's where the time and energy come into play. We'll have to see
how much is involved and what the timing is to process this applications
when they come in.

Mayor Holman: If they could be at least initiated in that way, the ones who
are not in agreement will make themselves known. The motion on the board
is by Council Member Scharff, seconded by Council Member Kniss, to direct

                                                                         Page 52 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
