                          TRANSCRIPT

from the Business Registry. Using that data, we had calculated there are
about 9,700 employees in the Downtown. The results of the survey show
that about 12 percent of those employees actually responded to the survey.
We felt that this survey gave us some significant insight into the travel
habits of the employees Downtown based on the parameters. I don't show
all of the components here obviously, but one of the major findings was that
of the sample that was surveyed about 75 percent of the employees that
come Downtown are coming from the Peninsula, from Palo Alto and from the
South Bay. This helped us sort of think about what sort of strategies we
might want to move forward with to support getting those employees to
Downtown. Given the results of the survey and some immediate feedback
from the steering committee, there are kind of four different tracks that the
TMA is heading down. We anticipate bringing kind of more detail to Council
probably early next year to discuss these projects in more detail. Quickly,
just highlighting, some ideas have been that we pilot some parking pricing
concepts. One of the things that some of the steering committee members
have noticed is that the daily parking price in the garage at $17.50 a day is
obviously quite significant when you look at comparing that to the annual
rate of parking in the garage as well as how much it costs to park in the
neighborhood. An idea was actually to get the garages full by doing a sort
of daily parking rate in the garage of $2 or $3 to help incentivize folks to get
out of the neighborhoods and into the garages while RPP rolls out. Another
idea that gained a lot of support was personalized trip planning for
employees of Downtown companies. A lot of folks, while they recognize that
there are websites and apps that can help them plan trips to get out of their
car and to come to work in a more sustainable mode, they really like the
option of having more handholding and actually talking to a real person on
the phone to help them do it. We will be engaging in some of that activity
as well. Marketing also came up as a sort of major request. People felt that
they wanted more comprehensive information about transit in Palo Alto, in
and around Palo Alto as well as the parking programs. The last piece is
rideshare pilots.    The steering committee has met with a number of
rideshare companies, some of the more popular ones like Lyft and some of
the newer ones as well. We will be entertaining some proposals from the
rideshare companies on how we might partner to develop some first mile
solutions to help folks get to Caltrain. There's a lot in the works for the TMA.
Again, our hope is to come back early next year with an update on these
programs and pilots. Next on the list is what I'm calling the shuttle
revisioning. You probably remember we came, I think, last October to kind
of talk about some plans for expanding the existing shuttle routes.
Currently, we have three existing routes for the shuttle, which do very well

                                                                          Page 5 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
