                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: We need to vote on the call the question. All those in favor
vote on the board please, or opposed. That motion passes on a 6-2 vote,
Council Member Kniss not present.

CALL THE QUESTION PASSED: 6-2 DuBois, Wolbach no, Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: Now we go to voting on the substitute motion which is to
direct the CAC to look at pacing mechanisms for office, medical office and
R&D development and its impact on jobs-housing balance. Vote on the
board please. That also passes on a 6-2 vote with Vice Mayor Schmid and
Council Member DuBois voting no.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 6-2 DuBois, Schmid no,
Kniss absent

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I would like to propose a motion to supplement
the one that was just passed. Direct the CAC to explore other methods of
linking job and non-housing development to their impacts.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach, that will happen during the DEIR
and EIR process. Would Staff agree with that? What an EIR is, it's ...

Council Member Wolbach: I withdraw the motion.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to direct the CAC to explore other methods of linking job and non-
housing development to their impacts.

MOTION WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Any other comments or lights? Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: We did not talk about Program L-8. When does
the Downtown cap comes back to Council?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Council Member DuBois. We
haven't calendared that yet, but we will do so. We know it's on the to-do list
as something to do. I hope we can get to it early in the year.

Mayor Holman: I actually did want to go back to where we were, to offer
that Policy L-8 would refer to on a going-forward basis all of Palo Alto.

Council Member Scharff: For the million-seven?
                                                                      Page 119 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/2/15
