                          TRANSCRIPT
we're all very concerned with water. I notice Phil Bobel is here tonight. How
do we recycle it? Where will it go? How will it go there? It would seem as
though when we're discussing sustainability, that's probably one of the most
obvious concerns that we have right now. It's one of the ones that we see.
The electricity and the gas, we don't see except the results of. With water,
we're all very aware of what the water does for us, how we deal with the
water. Probably almost everyone in the community at this point is trying to
think, "What do we do for more water? How do we get down to our 24
percent?" I think we're actually at 20 percent though, if I recall. Am I right,
City Manager, we're at 20 percent?

James Keene, City Manager: As far as the target reduction that we have?

Council Member Kniss: Right.

Mr. Keene: That's going to be changed to 24 percent (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: Right, I know. I'm saying we're at 20 now, and...

Mr. Keene: No, last year we had hit 16 percent reduction which was the
highest performance, as we mentioned last week, of any city in Santa Clara
County.

Council Member Kniss: We have a way to go there as well. Lots of
thoughts. You've prompted lots of what-ifs as well. Thanks for your report.

Mr. Friend: Thank you, Council Member. Let me just say two things very
briefly, because I want to hear other people's thoughts as well. On the point
you raised of many of these issues having equal and opposite drivers, this is
part of how we approach all the issues that we're looking at. We don't see
the opposites as tradeoffs. It's not a matter of choosing between economic
well-being and climate well-being. The challenge is to say both of those are
important. How do we then invent solutions that address them both well?
That's easier said than done. Once that frame is on the table, sometimes
that can be done. That's the way we approach all these issues. With regard
to water, the focus for City Staff and the community right now is how do we
hit the immediate target that the State has set for us. How do we do this 24
percent goal right now? That's certainly the priority, at least for the next
few months. We also need to begin to think about the long range strategic
implications here. There was an article in Science magazine two weeks ago
that estimated 80-plus percent chance of multi-decadal mega drought in the
west in the latter half of this century. That's not right now, but that's what
may be ahead of us. It implies very profound structural changes in how we
do things in California. We don't drop everything and think about that now;
that's down the road. We also don't wait until that hits us to think about it.

04/20/2015                                                             117- 290
