                             MINUTES
Most jurisdictions provided some reduced parking requirements in a mix of
uses that peaked at different times of day.

Council Member DuBois was asking in reference to public comment
regarding inaccurate predictions for the amount of sharing.

Ms. Gitelman would provide information as time and resources permitted.

Vice Mayor Schmid stated that the Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) and Palo Alto model for traffic analysis projected over 20
years a 1 percent growth per year in traffic at that intersection. The Existing
Conditions Report clearly stated that the actual traffic increase between
1998 and 2014 averaged 3 percent growth per year at that intersection. He
inquired whether the model should use the numbers from the Existing
Conditions Report.

Ms. Gitelman would reply once she had reviewed the Existing Conditions
Report. Staff projected significant increases in traffic volume from the date
of the analysis to 2035.

Vice Mayor Schmid reiterated that the model had utilized 1 percent per year
for ten years, while the ten-year actual data was closer to 3 percent.

Ms. Gitelman explained that Staff did not use a straight 1 percent per year.
Rather, Staff used volumes taken from the traffic model, which varied in
different locations. In the two intersections analyzed, there were different
percentage increases that were a direct result of consulting the regional
model.

Vice Mayor Schmid commented that the table in the one-page summary of
parking analysis looked reasonable. At the top under commercial, the table
indicated a peak rate of 3.03 for retail. The City Code indicated 4.0 should
be used. He asked why Staff assumed they should be using a third less than
the Code required.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that those were demand figures taken from data
sources that aligned with the Code section that provided the exception. The
section of the Zoning Ordinance that provided the mixed-use exception
outlined the methodology and the type of data sources that should be used
to justify the exception. The analysis was directly in keeping with that
section of the Zoning Ordinance. Parking demand was not only a factor of
total trips generated, but also a percentage of trips that would not be made
by automobile. There could be some adjustment there. She would need to
review this more deeply and provide a more complete answer. The analysis
was entirely in keeping with the City Code.
                                                                         Page 17 of 39
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Minutes: 1/26/2015
