                         TRANSCRIPT

looking at getting VTA to help us out. VTA has demonstrated over the years
they don't care about Palo Alto.

Greg Conlon: Thank you. Gregory Conlon. I'm speaking as a resident of
Atherton, which is a little farther north of here. I've been involved in
following the rail component of transportation for the last ten years. I was
president of the California Public Utility Commission for two years, and I
served as a Commissioner on the California Public Utility Commission for six
years. I served on the California Transportation Commission for three years.
I've been immersed in a lot of detail and a lot of situations. The most
disappointing time was when I was president of the California PUC. In that
year, 20 people were killed on Caltrain's tracks. I think this year will be the
first that exceeds that amount. That's my primary concern is safety. I think
you've been unfortunate in that a lot of the fatalities have been caused and
occurred in your jurisdiction. I know you've reacted, and you've acted very
well. I don't want in any way to criticize what you've done to date, but I
want to encourage you in your projects. I believe the one project for $527
million was the three intersections at Churchill, whatever they are. I know
you've got some guards out there now. I think you're trenching from Sand
Hill to Embarcadero. If you trench from Embarcadero to University, I think
you've really solved your problem at least for fatalities. I think it would put
a lot of pressure on Menlo, because they have a problem at Ravenswood
that is unsolvable. I know Atherton would be glad to—just from my personal
knowledge of the individuals that are making the decision—would be
supportive of doing something in Atherton. If you had a trench from Sand
Hill Road all the way to Fifth Avenue, I think if you could do the section from
Sand Hill to University, that would be a major step. I just support your
doing that, and I encourage you to do that. I know Pat has worked on it for
many years. He and I have spent a lot of hours and days focusing on this,
so I know he understands the issues that I'm addressing. I had a couple
others that are not as significant. I think Dumbarton Bridge has somehow
fallen off the tracks, so to speak. I think you set aside some money—it was
in one of the newspapers this morning—$40 million. Somehow it wound up
at MTC. No, I think it was more. I think it was $90 million that MTC loaned
BART to do the tunneling on Warm Springs. I think they forgave the $90
million. Even though you were the entity that got the money, $40 million, I
don't know why you haven't sued MTC for no jurisdiction to take your money
and spend it someplace else. I'll leave you with that thought. The other
issue I had is from the State transportation money, I mean Silicon Valley
creates the wealth of California. Without Silicon Valley, you've got grease.
You are entitled to a lot of that State money. I'd be glad to testify in your
behalf. Thank you.
                                                                        Page 56 of 136
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/17/15
