                           TRANSCRIPT
hand, if investment return is good, could easily drop into the 40s and the
30s. Where it is will absolutely not be a function of anything other than
actual investment return. The single biggest driver of your contribution rate
is absolutely CalPERS' investment return. Same sort of a graph for Safety
on the long-term projection. Contribution escalates to arguably what it
should be, remains relatively flat, coming down very slightly, and then
coming down a little more steeply as you get to the end of that 30-year
period. Again, you get to the same thing. When you get out to the end, you
have your contribution rate equal to the normal cost which means that in
about 30 years, a long time, your unfunded liability is really targeted to be
paid off. That gets you to high funded ratio. Clearly if investment return is
worse than that, your funded ratio is going to be less than that. Clearly if
investment return is better than that, you will get to that 100 percent
funded status earlier than what's shown here. I wanted to talk just for a
quick moment about the impact of PEPRA. PEPRA was a bill signed by the
Governor in 2012, effective January 1, 2013. PEPRA had no impact—
everybody should understand this—did not change any benefits for current
employees, only impacted benefits for people that were being hired in the
future. It had no impact on the City's unfunded liability. It, however, does
reduce benefits and consequently normal cost rates for people that you are
hiring in the future for some people. In the long term, your total liability will
be lower and your total contribution rate will be lower and your unfunded
liability should be less volatile. It will take a very long time for that to really
play out. In fact, take a look at Slide 24. We're being a little simplistic here.
Two lines here. The green line is what we show before. This is with PEPRA,
and then you see a blue line if PEPRA had not happened. In this we're not
showing investment return volatility; we're just showing contribution
assuming the 7 1/2 percent rate of return. For Miscellaneous, you really see
the difference in the contribution rate out in '25 and '26 is very, very modest
for this City. This has everything to do with what the City negotiated with
the bargaining groups before PEPRA was enacted. There's a very strong
argument this City created its own version of PEPRA, getting the contribution
rate down, and then PEPRA came along and sort of made a couple of what
I'll refer to as a little bit more minor tweaks. What you really see is very,
very low impact. A little bigger impact for Safety but even so, when you
look out at '25, '26, the difference in the contribution rate between with and
without PEPRA relatively minor. The one issue we're trying to make sure
that all of our clients understand is there is for PEPRA employees, people
that you hire who are new to the system, there is a compensation limit that
is tied to the Social Security taxable wage base. I'm just going to give you
my little editorial comment. I have a degree of confidence, a lot of folks
significantly disagree with me, I think that was a silly thing to do. At best, it
was a silly thing to do. 140,000, that sounds like a high limit. That number
is adjusted up a little bit if you're not in Social Security. If you compare that
                                                                             Page 8 of 28
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 9/9/15
