                          TRANSCRIPT
Herb Borock: The legislative priorities include one to reduce airplane noise
and its impact on the public. You had some speakers earlier this evening on
that. I think of that issue as one dealing with a regulatory agency. It might
be helpful to hear from lobbyists or members of the Committee who included
that on the legislative priority to see what they expect could happen or what
might be in process. The conflict issue that was raised by Council Member
Burt. The regulations for conflict of interest already include materiality as
one of the criteria. In this case, it's not a question of what the regulations
or the law says, but rather the behavior of individual Council Members. I
recall when Council Member Klein was on the dais, there were times when
Stanford issues came up that other people thought might be a conflict. He
was very clear that it didn't meet the materiality standard, and he
participated. You raised an issue, Council Member Burt, where it seemed
that he had raised an issue that he said he was in conflict with, that didn't
seem to do that. There is a procedure to be protected against any liability
for participating in something by getting written advice from the Fair Political
Practices Commission that protects an elected official from any civil or
criminal liability. If they say you can participate, you can. It's up to the
individual Council Member to decide whether to seek that advice. If a
Council Member decides not to participate on something you think the
Council Member should be able to participate, that's something among the
Council Member's behavior as opposed to a legislative issue. I don't think
that's a legislative issue. The existing law is sufficient to deal with the issue
of materiality. It's a question of somebody choosing not to participate
without raising that issue with the FPPC and getting something in writing
from them.

Council Member Burt: I want to turn to the City Attorney on this. I know
that you had sought a clarification from the FPPC on these related matters.
Can you clarify for us what is the current FPPC interpretation as it pertains to
what we received in the most recent letter and any recommendations you
would have on language that would redress what seems to be an
interpretation where they determine a conflict where there's no material
impact.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: City Attorney Molly Stump. There are two
layers of regulation. There's the State law, the Political Reform Act, and
then there is a detailed set of administrative regulations that interpret and
apply that law and provide more specificity and specific examples. Those
regulations are drafted and noticed by the Fair Political Practices
Commission, and then adopted by that body. They do become regulatory
law that is required to be followed. As I understand your comments tonight,
you are suggesting what would need to be an amendment to the statute
itself, which would add a materiality element to the impact on the city
                                                                           Page 48 of 82
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 06/22/15
