                         TRANSCRIPT
a Bay. We don't have a bridge leading from Palo Alto to the East Bay. You
go to the west, there's mountains and foothills that are protected as open
land. That means our commuting corridors are north and south in a fairly
narrow band. We know they are congested including now the rail corridor.
Last week, I think we spent three hours looking at an east-west route,
Charleston-Arastradero. We scratched our head and say, "This is crowded
too, people trying to cross." There are so few corridors that can penetrate
the rail lines coming through town. This is one of them. It's not just to get
people to their jobs, but it's to get kids to the schools, people to the
libraries, to community facilities, to shopping. We had an estimate that in
the near term we're likely to see a 15 to 55 percent increase in east-west
traffic. That means we're extremely sensitive as a community to what takes
place on the north-south, that every increase in that north-south traffic has
an impact on our City life, quality of life in our City. The only suggestion
given in here, alternative, to deal with grade separation is a sales tax. Sales
tax has two critical limitations. It's a regressive tax. Lower income, middle
income people spend more than others—just the note on it. Looking at the
numbers, there's only what? Between 10 and maybe 40 percent at the
maximum we could get to pay for grade separation. I look at the context of
Palo Alto and what we can do, what we should be doing to deal with this. I
see only three principles that are important. Number one, relieve in-town
traffic congestion by grade separating the rail lines. Number two, slow the
rate of growth of new commuter jobs over new residential units. Three,
come back with taxes or fees on business to pay for grade separation, not
asking residents who are the ones who suffer from it to actually pay rather
than those who benefit from it to pay.

Mayor Holman:     Thank you, and timed very well even.        Council Member
Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I had a couple of things. One, are we
going to look at our Guiding Principles? Is that part of the role tonight?
Look at our statement where we—our official statement is to oppose High
Speed Rail, is that one of the things we're supposed to be talking about?

Mr. Keene: Council Member Scharff, our sense was that that needed to be
in here as background, also because we have new members of Council. I
don't think we had any specific changes or anything we were thinking about.
It's really up to the Council as to whether or not you think they either need
discussion or are there any principles that might need changing.

Council Member Scharff: I guess I would sort of throw it back at Staff. I
was intimately involved in it obviously at the time of putting these together.
When you read them now, they start to feel a little dated frankly. Time has

                                                                         Page 18 of 70
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/13/15
