                         TRANSCRIPT
our 3:1 jobs to housing ratio. Increasing office capacity brings in more out-
of-town workers to Palo Alto. Every time we build office space instead of
housing, we take away a housing opportunity from elderly, young folks,
renters and out-of-town commuters. Please add a statement that we will
prioritize multiunit housing over office development. Since market forces
prefer office space over housing and in order to raise the quality of new
office buildings, please add an office cap of 35,000 square feet per year with
a competitive process to select the highest quality projects, a competitive
process where the best projects, based on zoning compliance, parking,
traffic, reduction of greenhouse gases, mixed use and neighborhood
compatibility are selected. Please ensure this covers all of Palo Alto except
for Stanford Research Park which should be capped on total car trips. We
should also define a list of menu items for affordable housing so it is not
used to add additional office space, increase traffic or reduce parking.
Lastly, please do not raise height limits. Palo Alto's a great City, and we
should plan for high quality buildings that address our most pressing needs.
Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for coming this evening. Don Barr to be followed
by Gail Price.

Don Barr: Hi, folks. I'm Don Barr, Ramona Street. You want to guess what
I want to talk about? We should be aware that according to a 2014 report of
the National Interagency Council on Homelessness, and I quote, we know
that just one person experiencing chronic homelessness can cost
communities between $30,000 and $50,000 per year in emergency room
visits, hospitalizations, jails, prisons, psychiatric centers, detox programs
and other costly services, but solving the problem, connecting someone to
permanent housing with supportive services they need to achieve health and
stability, costs about $20,000 annually. Consistent with the 2015 report,
Home Not Found, the cost of homelessness in Silicon Valley, which found
that the top decile by cost of chronic homeless adults in Santa Clara County
cost the public agencies approximately $46,000 per person per year. Based
on these national and local data providing chronically homeless adults with
permanent supportive housing costs about $20,000 per person per year and
saves at least that much to the local government agencies if not twice that
much. At the recent HRC meeting to discuss homeless veterans in Silicon
Valley, leaders of the White House team addressing homelessness urged
community governments and agencies "to adopt a pay for success model in
which local government agencies," this is my words, and local government
agencies assure local community service organizations that if they can
document success in reducing the impact of homelessness through
expanded permanent supportive housing and associated services, those
governments would reimburse those agencies for the cost of providing
                                                                       Page 33 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
