                          TRANSCRIPT
dense housing at that spot would probably be better placed where transit,
jobs, neighborhood services are close by. I guess there are two elements of
it that do raise questions in my mind. I'm surprised it's a five-story building
and it's under 50 feet which implies that you're using space massively. I
think the height and massing are an issue. Someone mentioned the ideas
coming out of the ARB recommendations that has already been mentioned
by one of my colleagues of thinking through how to provide different levels,
more of a breaking up of the mass of the building, I think, would serve it
well in the neighborhood setting. Finally, traffic has been mentioned many
times. I find that San Antonio, especially the San Antonio and Charleston
exit cross-streets are a real issue. Our traffic model chronically says for
each application that this will not have a significant impact. Yet, when we
look at cumulative totals, I think our updated traffic model when looking at
cumulative totals is more sensitive to what is taking place on some of our
main streets. I think San Antonio and Charleston are clearly important east-
west corridors. The traffic and the in-depth look at traffic and the traffic
models are something the Council will spend time on. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Again, I'm going to concur with most of the
opinions here. I do think the applicant's argument about the location of the
2-mile radius circle and the other hotels was compelling.             I find the
argument that if you are going to go to the Research Park or Downtown,
you're probably not going to stay down by the corner of 101 and San
Antonio, I think that's probably right. I think this is a reasonable location for
a hotel given the area that it's intended to serve. My inclination is if the
project meets Code and follows zoning, then we shouldn't stand in its way.
That said, I think there are sort of two areas of concerns or areas of focus.
One is it is pretty big. I think whatever emerges from this process needs to
make sure that it meets the compatibility Codes which are qualitative, but it
meets sort of the compatibility criteria with its surroundings. However that
emerges, it needs to do that. The other one, again, is the traffic. A lot of
concern from the neighbors about is there going to be cut-through traffic
through their neighborhoods, is it going to further clog up the ingress and
egress to 101 and so forth. I think we need to understand that. Those
would be the two focal areas that I would think about. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you, colleagues. The slide that Mr. Williamson had
up earlier was that what you would like to hear from us tonight, is this a
good use for the site? I would say hotel is a good use for the site. Is there
any major concern regarding context, traffic, Housing Element, historic
evaluation? Yes, on each of those. We don't know yet if the potential
resource is a cultural resource or not. Regarding the Housing Element, one
                                                                         Page 15 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
