                          TRANSCRIPT
has kind of taken a hands off and said this is really a local issue. Local
communities need to decide how they want to deal with this form of
disruptive economy. It kind of fits a pattern. The Legislature also has not
taken a lot of action on the disruptive transportation or the transportation
network providers like Uber and Lyft. Kind of kept our hands off and said
these are all local decisions, local jurisdiction, so far. That doesn't mean
that we'll continue to do that. Sometimes the State gets too involved in
things that it probably shouldn't, that are better left to the local level. For
now, these are not issues that we're currently working on. Finally, let me
tell you a little bit about High Speed Rail from the State perspective. The
State has provided an ongoing funding source for High Speed Rail through
the cap and trade dollars. They have an annual allocation now. It is not
sufficient for them to make huge progress, but it does provide enough of a
funding stream that it is beginning to draw some private sector interest, no
private sector dollars. I think that would be a long way away. Some
interest at least, because they see that there is some kind of more
permanent commitment on the part of the State. I will point out two things.
One is that the whole cap and trade program and the funds from cap and
trade are still subject to a lawsuit, that has not yet been settled or ruled
upon. The cap and trade program could be thrown out by the courts, could
be deemed to not have been adopted in the appropriate manner. The State
could be on the hook for returning funds if the lawsuit goes against the State
relative to the expenditure of cap and trade. For now, the State is operating
as if it has the legal authority until the court tells it otherwise, and is
spending the cap and trade dollars. Recently the High Speed Rail issued a
request to the private sector for whether there was interest in High Speed
Rail programs.       There were 36 expressions of interest received from
companies around the world in various forms of participation. Be clear that
there's no commitment to contracts or even negotiating with any of these 36
entities. The High Speed Rail folks look at it as if they've got about $5-$10
million worth of free consulting from private companies who gave them
advice about some things they might consider.            Importantly from my
perspective, one of the things that I have been working on at the State level
is trying to assure that there is a funding source for grade separations. I
have submitted a letter; I spent personal time with the Chair of the Budget
Committee that deals with transportation, asking that we get specific
language in a final cap and trade expenditure plan for this year and ongoing
that would clarify that in the rail transportation program of cap and trade
that grade separations are an allowable expense as spelled out and specific
that would make it easier for jurisdictions to apply for those funds for the
construction. For me at least, in this corridor even if we never got High
Speed Rail and we only work towards the goal of electrifying Caltrain, we
need to grade separate in every single location that we can. We're going to
need to get that done. It will be imperative if we have High Speed Rail, but
                                                                         Page 8 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
