                         TRANSCRIPT
with those small businesses who were in attendance about how to get their
businesses up to speed and be able to try to avoid some of these lawsuit
issues. It was a very successful event. We've told the Development
Services Staff that we'd be happy to hold another one in Palo Alto should
they wish. I wanted to let them know through you, thank you very much for
having them come out. It really made a difference for our event. We
appreciate the idea coming our way. Thank you. Good seeing you all
tonight.

Consent Calendar

Craig Lewis, regarding Agenda item Number 8: Thank you, Mayor Holman
and Council Members. I am the founder and Executive Director of the Clean
Coalition which is a nonprofit that works with utilities and municipalities
around the country to help accelerate the transition to renewable energy.
We've worked a number of times with the City of Palo Alto, and that includes
for the Palo Alto CLEAN program which is the subject of Item Number 8,
which is essentially what I'm here to ask you to remove that off of Consent
so that we can hear it and have a logical, fully informed dialog about it at a
future meeting.       We were hired by the City of Palo Alto to find a
builder/owner/operator for solar projects on top of the five City-owned
parking structures, something that we have done. That solar energy will be
sold to the City through the Palo Alto CLEAN program. It will soak up about
half of the Palo Alto CLEAN program all by itself and will be ratepayer
neutral, because it will pay a $154,000 lease payment to the City annually.
The Clean Coalition has also co-led the Downtown Palo Alto Net Zero Energy
initiative, which is an initiative to bring 100 buildings in Downtown Palo Alto
to net zero energy. In order to do this, we're going to need the Palo Alto
CLEAN program in existence. We have a lot of properties that are trying to
make this work. Right now we're in a situation where Palo Alto CLEAN is
extremely important for a number of reasons, at its current price, in its
current form. I will say that Palo Alto CLEAN, for those of you who may not
be familiar with it, is essentially a feed-in tariff program. A feed-in tariff
program is the most cost-effective way to get commercial-scale solar
deployed into any community. It's very similar to what has been used in
Germany to deploy about half of the world's solar on rooftops and parking
lots in the country of Germany, a country that has a solar resource quality
that is way lower than California. I see that I’m running out of time here, so
I will just say that Palo Alto CLEAN is the direction that most municipalities
and utilities are moving toward throughout California, throughout the United
States. Utilities and municipalities are looking for ways to move beyond net
metering, because net metering is quite expensive. There's cost-shifting
issues; there's all sorts of issues with that metering. What everybody's
moving toward is something that looks like a feed-in tariff. The ill-advised
                                                                         Page 11 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
