                          TRASNCRIPT
something about how the world has changed and the City has changed in
those intervening years if it's relevant to the specific element. We'd be
happy to look at that and see if we could make that change.

Mayor Holman: Yes. I do certainly understand that EIRs don't typically go
there, but I think it would help inform us, as I said previously. How did we
get to an LOS F at a given intersection, when in the passage of the last
Comp Plan and its related EIR, that it was at a "C." It wasn't anticipated to
go to an "F." How did we get to a "C"? What were we not doing well that
we landed at a "C"? It could be any number of things; I don't need to go
through all of those.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just interject. We do have, as you
know, this August 2014 existing conditions report. In the traffic area is one
area where we did go back in time. It does contain information from the
late 1990s EIR that was done back then to allow a comparison back in time.
We weren't able to do that for all of the subjects, but for that one we were.

Mayor Holman: That's an obvious one. I was just using it as an example.

Council Member Wolbach: On the prioritization of goals and specifically the
hierarchy presented here, I'm open to the concept. I don't think I would
support this particular model that was presented, but I appreciate Council
Members Filseth and DuBois in bringing it forward. If I did understand
correctly, DuBois was suggesting that Staff would bring back something for a
more in-depth discussion at a later date, rather than adopting or rejecting or
spending a lot of time wordsmithing that particular hierarchy right now. I
would support that kind of discussion for a later date. If you would like input
before that comes back on things that maybe might be different from what's
listed in those items that we'd like to at least put up for consideration, let us
know if you want that tonight or if we can get that to you offline. Does that
make sense?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. I think this evening
we're really just looking for the Council's direction or consensus that this
kind of hierarchy or prioritization is something you would like to include in
the update. It wasn't included in the current Comp Plan. Just kind of that
general direction would be what we're looking for this evening, and then we
can take a stab at something for you to react to.

Council Member Wolbach: Maybe I should have brought this up before our
last vote, but tying back to the structure and also the priorities. The way I
see it for the next—I'm curious if my colleagues feel the same. The way I
see it for this next generation, and so really the timeframe of this
Comprehensive Plan, what I see is the four top issues, the four top
                                                                         Page 94 of 127
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/31/15
