                           TRANSCRIPT
that show the value of early action and environmental stewardship. I think
City Manager Keene has a comment or two.

James Keene, City Manager:         Thank you.       Madam Mayor, with your
indulgence on this. Senator Hill, we want to thank you and recognize your
efforts on behalf of our Utility and utilities in general just on utility safety
issues. As you well know, our Utility puts the highest priority on those
issues. I think you're aware that we're currently in a relationship challenge
with PG&E right now related to some of their work related to their
transmission pipelines and the impact it has on trees in Palo Alto, to the
point where I think initially we were hearing about 600-plus trees, most of
them on private property, needing to be removed as part of their sort of
safety issue. It's now down to under 300, I think, private trees and about
56 City trees. We've had a disagreement with them about the approach that
they've used about the public outreach and actually have been advising
some folks not to proceed with them at this point. We scheduled a special
community meeting December 2nd with PG&E and our folks. We wanted to
bring it to your attention and certainly hope we could rely on you and your
staff as much as possible given your background in this event. If you had
any observations or comments, not to put you on the spot right now, but
happy to hear from you.

Senator Hill: If I could just respond. You're absolutely correct, and I've
been following it in the press. I do want to work with you on the issue. The
concern I have is it's hard to argue when they're doing something for safety
when we were, certainly I was, very critical of their actions in the past when
they were not concerned about safety. I think there is also the fear of an
overreaction that may not be necessary under the circumstances. I think we
have to look at what's the best practices, what are the historic practices
elsewhere. I mean, this is not a unique problem or situation. I think what
we need to do is look at and work together on this, if we can in the City, to
see how it's been done elsewhere. We can talk about that. I'd like to
maybe do a little outreach elsewhere in the country to see how they've been
able to maintain what's the threat, the risk analysis that's been done on that
Just a compliment to Val and your Utility. I use it and bring it up constantly
as a model for how I think all utilities in California, all utility and electric and
gas service, should be provided to our citizens. It's the exact same way that
Palo Alto has been doing it for many years. It's safe. It's reliable. It's
inexpensive compared to what I'm paying where I live through PG&E. It's a
much better model when that profit is not tied to the end of the day. We've
seen the effects of that in drastic form. Thank you for the great work that
you've done for the residents and the citizens of Palo Alto and for the Council
who have led that charge.

                                                                                Page 20 of 95
                                                                 City Council Special Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 11/16/15
