                          TRANSCRIPT
out, I think you guys have done a good job on the outreach. Nice work and
thank you.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I support the Motion. Just a couple of questions.
Increasingly we're buying online, so more packages come from elsewhere,
and they contain that stuff. The reach out is our local community, where
you get a lot of support. Is that because we're in the Bay Area? The
examples you gave of picking up litter in the water, the Bay, the Baylands,
does that mean that it's hard to get these types of prohibitions on the larger
world of distribution? Because the Bay Area is just a little part of that. Is
that dilemma of why aren't we moving ahead at the State, at the ...

Ms. Weiss: That topic is one that generates a lot of spirited discussion in our
office, because we would love to see statewide or nationwide legislation on
products that pollute. About four years ago, there was a Senate Bill in
California. It was 568, Lowenthal. It would have done what we're trying to
do here today, but I think it just really targeted food packaging. It wasn't
going to target this stuff. That went down because of Dart Container
Corporation which makes plastic foam. They said that there would be jobs
issues associated with that. Since then, there hasn't been anyone to really
carry a bill forward, especially as we work through some concerns about the
statewide plastic bag initiative. I think people are waiting on that front.
Currently, there is not great leadership on a nationwide scale. We have
partners who are really looking at models called extended producer
responsibility, if any of you are familiar with that. The idea being that we
really want to have manufacturers of products including the packaging that
goes around those products take responsibility for their design so that they
are not polluting. If they can't do that, set up take-back systems to take it
back. That is still a new idea for our country and for our state; although, we
are making progress on that. We just had a hearing here last week about a
number of products in that regard. I think there's a lot of interest. We have
talked in our group about approaching, at some point, representatives to see
if we could get someone to carry a bill on statewide packaging and foam
food containers, because really that is what's needed. Foam blows across
cities and counties. Stuff that we see in our creeks could have come from
Mountain view or could have come from some other location. You're right
we're not going to really see the changes we want until we have statewide
legislation or beyond.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Just a quick follow-up then. When we're at home
online buying things and we get a pile like that in front of you, what do we
do with it? Where does it go?

                                                                            Page 62 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
