                          TRANSCRIPT
inform applicants this week. It will be very difficult to select just 17 people
from the high caliber pool of applicants. We will certainly have a group that
represents a broad range of Palo Alto neighborhoods and include people who
are informed and interested in this wide breadth of issues.               Once
established, the first organizing meeting of the new group is scheduled for
the evening of July 14 at the Mitchell Park Library. These meetings will be
open to the public. We encourage folks who are interested to watch our
website for the agenda and other information during the break. The City of
Palo Alto's Public Art Program is holding a community outreach meeting to
gather input for the upcoming Public Art Master Plan. That will be on
Tuesday, July 14th from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 at the Mitchell Park
Community Center in the Matadero Room. The Public Art Master Plan will be
a guiding document for the future of public art in Palo Alto over the next five
to ten years. Come learn more about the planning process and give your
input at this fun and engaging meeting. For additional information, our
Public Art Program Staff can be contacted by phone at 650-329-2227. This
week the City launches a new home utilities efficiency audit program. The
Home Efficiency Genie Program provides homeowners with customized
advice and comprehensive in-home assessments for energy and water
efficiency improvements. Concurrent with the program released this past
Saturday, the City hosted a free Net Zero energy home workshop to educate
residents about ways we can green our houses. Approximately 40 people
learned tips from experts in green building design and renovation. I wanted
to share another award for the Mitchell Park Library and our libraries. The
City of Palo Alto Library has been notified that we've been selected as the
2015 recipient in the municipal libraries in the $5-$10 million budget range
category of the Event or Campaign PR Excellence Award for the grand
opening of the Mitchell Park Library and Community Center.              The PR
Excellence Awards honor the highest quality efforts of California libraries in
promoting and communicating their message of value of libraries to their
citizens and customers. The four PR Excellence Award entry categories each
year are print, electronic, event or campaign. We were honored to be
recognized for our work as it related to the event or campaign for the
opening of the library.

Oral Communications

Ken Horowitz: Good evening. My name's Ken Horowitz. I live on Homer
Avenue. I'm here to give my update on what's going on with the Page Mill
YMCA. There is something happening, but it's not good. I have copies of
the letter that I sent to the City Council a year ago regarding that particular
site. As you're aware, there are two parcels on the southwest corner of
Page Mill and El Camino. One has the theater, the other one has the
Morrison and Foerster law office and in the basement was the Page Mill
                                                                          Page 5 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/29/15
