                          TRANSCRIPT
here, my inclination is we ought to be fairly careful. We ought to do some
things that take small steps as opposed to some of the larger steps that
we've taken in the past few months with Citywide office caps and retail
conversion Ordinances. We ought to be a little bit careful here. We don't
really know what the formula is to keep California Avenue weird. That's not
the right word, but for those of you from Berkeley. Do we really need zero
tolerance on chain stores? I'm not sure. It wouldn't be necessarily a bad
idea to do something like that, but I do like the conditional use permit, trap
door, that gives us the ability to review some of these things. As a couple of
people have said, it would be very nice to find a way that that's not a
permanent thing, if we say we have a conditional use permit for this and 50
years from now it has to be the same use. The other thing we should be a
little bit careful with is the whole parking issue. Clearly there's a lot of
demand. Clearly there's a need for more parking there. By whom? If the
need is for lots of parking for people to drive here from San Jose to go to
expensive restaurants on California Avenue, that's not what we want. We'd
like those people to go to University Avenue or the shopping center or
something like that. The residents are up in arms about more parking,
because lots of people park on the residential streets. Once we get an RPPP
in place there, that's probably going to go away. That'll force cars into the
California Avenue business district. We have to consider that. The resident
pressure for more parking is probably likely to decline, so we need to be
very deliberate about how we think about and approach that one. In terms
of the stuff we're looking at tonight, we're talking about taking some small
steps, and that's reasonable. We should be careful and take small steps on
this one. Thanks.

Council Member Berman: I agree with pretty much everything that Council
Member Filseth just said. Some things that jumped out to me that I wasn't
expecting in the survey results were things like 65 percent of respondents
said either "I always find a close and convenient space," which was 15
percent, or 50 percent said "I have to look but find a space that is close
enough," which was more than I expected. Cal. Ave. parking can be tough.
It's really tough during very narrow times of day, and it's really easy during
the other times of day, outside of those times. I would have loved it if the
survey question on Question 4, "when do you generally visit," if we could
have had specifically broken out lunch and dinner instead of having more
general weekday mornings, afternoons, evenings. That's when I see the
greatest amount of demand. Implementing an RPPP there, which I imagine
we're going to do, is going to change the dynamic a lot. We're going to have
to watch very closely the impact that that has on everything. I wouldn't
want to take too drastic of actions before we know exactly how that's going
to play out. I was also surprised—I didn't mention this in my questions
earlier. I was really surprised by the little formula retail that already exists
                                                                         Page 61 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
