                         TRANSCRIPT

up and speak about the mission of their nonprofits as an opportunity to
showcase to the public what services they provided. This was something
that probably they would not otherwise have the opportunity to do due to
the limited resources. I would now like to read the list of nonprofits who
came and were at the nonprofit open house. Abilities United, Adolescent
Counseling Service, All Care Plus, Bay Area Cancer Connection, Breathe
California, Cardiac Therapy Foundation, CASP Artist Lessa Bouchard, CASP
Artist Paloma (inaudible), City Fire, City Open Space, City Police, City
Recreation Services, City Water Quality Control Plant, Concerned.com,
Deborah's Palm, Healthy Transportation, Junior League, Palo Alto Mid-
Peninsula, LGBTQ Youth Space, Mobile Arts Platform, Palo Alto Art Center,
Palo Alto Family YMCA, Project Safety Net, Rinconada Masters Program,
Stanford Adult Hospital, Stanford Lucille Packard Children's Hospital, Whole
Foods, womensv.org, YES for Schools, Youth Community Service and Zero
Waste. On a forward-going basis, we would like to see this event be an
annual event here in Palo Alto. We have also spoken to our YMCA affiliates
in other Bay Area cities that a similar model might be adopted by other cities
with two or three major sponsors. The local community hospital is for sure
an important sponsor, the YMCA Board or the local nonprofits. Here are the
numbers from the health fair. We had 30 nonprofits, six pairs of student
moderators, male/female, eight presenters from Stanford Adult Cardiac
Therapy Foundation and Stanford Children's Hospitals, 700 participants,
maybe 1,000 if the bed bugs didn't also join us at the library that weekend
causing the closure of Mitchell Park Library, five planning meetings and one
site tour, over 200 hours of volunteer hours by the planning committee and
the students. Did I mention the Gunn High School jazz band played for us
during lunch? We had a great time at this event, and we thank you for the
opportunity.

Mr. De Geus: Thank you, Jade. It really was a terrific event. It's what, I
think, will progress this Healthy City Healthy Communities initiative, really
through partnership and collaboration because the City organization has only
so many resources and Staff and access. Maybe the best thing we can do, I
think, is actually bring the community together and see how we might be
able to work together to advance this important Priority the Council has
selected.    That concludes the Staff presentation.     Be glad to answer
questions. I know, Council Member Scharff, you sent a number of questions
forward earlier today. I think some of them may have been answered
throughout the presentation, but not all of them. I'm happy to follow up on
them as you will.

James Keene, City Manager: Mayor?
                                                                        Page 60 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript 10/26/15
