                         TRANSCRIPT
be a de facto concession. If the findings are made, it can qualify as an off-
menu concession.

Council Member DuBois: I couldn't find any examples of that. It seems to
be an untested area.

Ms. Silver: You're absolutely right. There are only two published decisions
on State Density Bonus Law. It's not a statute that has been heavily
litigated. You're correct.

Council Member DuBois: At the same time, we have two DEEs which are
setbacks which are viewed by the State as concessions. In effect, we're
giving five concessions and no residential bonus under the State law, is the
way I'm seeing it.

Ms. Gitelman: Our interpretation is that the DEEs are consistent with our
Code and would be granted by the Council if you agree that the
circumstances or the findings can be made. We wouldn't consider those
concessions under the State Density Bonus Law.

Council Member DuBois: We're just calling it a DEE, but again it seems like
it's a variance. Council Member Filseth made a point that—it's late and I
don't know if people caught it. There's this whole question of what's the
proper amount of square feet to apply to the costing and whether the
hallways would be there with or without the BMRs. Just that number on its
own would indicate that you don't need all three concessions to make the
project cross the threshold that we're setting. One of the speakers, Herb
Borock, made a similar point. If you looked at the direct construction costs,
you'd reach a different conclusion in terms of whether the concessions are
needed. On the traffic, we talked about these VTA thresholds. The City's
been using those thresholds. Is Council bound to use those thresholds in a
decision? The 4-second threshold for example.

Ms. Gitelman: We have a longstanding practice of using the VTA thresholds.
I'd have to research what Council action had been taken. There was a
Council action on thresholds of significance generally. I don't know whether
they cited the VTA guidelines. This is an evolving area. We are going to
have to confront this collectively, because the State is mandating that we
shift away from Level of Service, which is the fundamentals of the VTA
standards.

Council Member DuBois: I have concerns about the rear setback, being
close to the houses. When you look at the math, it's hard to believe all of
the square footage is needed to pay for these five BMR units. There's
enough questions about these numbers and how we're doing this analysis.
                                                                     Page 140 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
