                          TRANSCRIPT
United State Fire Administration has identified two high-risk groups, which I
know are very important in this community and we pay a lot of attention to,
and that is those under the age of 13 and over the age of 65. Unfortunately,
these two groups which are roughly a third of the population in the United
States represent almost half of all the home fire deaths. Very important we
pay attention to these two groups. The 114 men and women of the Palo
Alto Fire Department are committed to education to reduce the community's
risk from fire, especially in these high risk youth and elderly groups. I would
now like to introduce my colleague, Fire Apparatus Operator Tammy Jasso,
to tell you more about the successful artist-inspired and youth-led risk
reduction program.

Tamara Jasso, Fire Apparatus Operator: Thank you very much for having us
here and taking time out of your schedule. Again, my name is Tammy
Jasso. I have been here in Palo Alto Fire for 12 years, and I've been doing
the poster contest as the poster contest coordinator for ten years. The
poster contest has been going on for many years before that. I took over
for someone else. There's a long history there. It is open to all students,
kindergarten through fifth grade, in the Palo Alto Union School District.
Every year we get a couple hundred entries into the contest, and it's really
difficult. A group of firefighters judge the contest every year. Every year
it's difficult to make choices for the top three in each grade level. The
University Arts is our sponsor. They've been sponsoring us for as long as I
can remember, prior to when I started doing the program. They provide gift
certificates to the winners. First place gets a $25 gift certificate. Second
place gets a $15 gift certificate, and third place gets a $10 gift certificate as
well as we give them a certificate of achievement.             It's a very stiff
competition, and every year we enjoy looking at all the posters. You will be
able to enjoy for them for two months. They will be in your hallway for two
months. I will turn it back over to the Chief, and we'll call the winners up.

Mr. Nickel: I believe we have all but one of our winners here tonight. We
used to go out and recognize them in the schools, but we wanted to bring
them here one evening and share them with the community. As I call them
up, I would ask you all to either hold your applause until we get everybody
up here, let's do that. Otherwise, we'll be clapping all night and we'll really
get behind schedule. We're going to introduce first kindergarten. Third
place, Mateo Rosas [phonetic]. Please come up. Mateo, are you here?
There you are buddy. Second place for kindergarten, Ashley Ip [phonetic].
First place for kindergarten, Addie Johnson [phonetic]. Addie, are you here?
Let's see. Moving on to first grade. Third place, Cocko Ishizaka [phonetic].
Second place, Clara Greffen [phonetic]. First place in first grade, Ju Yung
Kim [phonetic]. Moving on to second grade. Olivia Zoo [phonetic], third
place. Second place, Min Jae Kim [phonetic]. Our first place winner here,
                                                                         Page 19 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
