                          TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Mello: In regard to the shuttle plan, that's being managed by my group
as well. I definitely will look for opportunities to coordinate shuttle and bike
planning as much as possible. I don't know what that looks like right now,
but I think it needs to be done.

Mayor Holman: Thank you very much. Before we get to our two speakers
we have this evening, I just have a handful of things here. I guess partly a
segue from Council Member Wolbach's question. I couldn't remember if
Marguerite shuttles have bike racks on them. I know our Palo Alto shuttles
don't. Just because we're using a shuttle doesn't mean especially—like just
say on Stanford campus and the industrial park, if you're landing at a spot,
you might still have a ways to go. Is there talk of putting bike racks on
either one of those vehicles?

Mr. Mello: The shuttle planning effort that we're kicking off is going to look
at everything under the sun. Any kind of improvements we can make to the
shuttle service are on the table. I think adding bike racks would certainly be
something that would be appropriate to look at as part of that effort.

Mayor Holman: Bike racks are under the sun. I want to re-emphasize what
comments have been made about separating—I've spoken about this for a
long time, as some of the rest of us have too—the importance of separating
bicycles from vehicular traffic. I was at Bol Park this weekend, for instance,
and that trail gets used through there. It gets used a lot. Now, it does go to
a high school, so that accentuates it. Just having that access—the one that
goes to Paly is off-road too—it makes for so much safer and more pleasant
and less stressful transit. It's really wonderful. The other thing about
separating them is if we could do something to more physically separate.
Sometimes we might have pretty great constraints on how we can separate
or how much we can separate them. If we can look at plantings to help
separate and better delineate what the separation is, that would be really
helpful. How did the Google funding come to be?

Mr. Mello: That was before my time. I don't know if ... I was actually the
project manager on the consultant side for those projects. I think there was
just some coordination with the City. With Google expanding to new
locations in Mountain View, I think they saw it as an opportune moment to
help accelerate some of the planning for bikeways in south Palo Alto, that
would help their employees access their different locations.

Mayor Holman: Go forth and duplicate. To go on with Council Member
Berman's comments about Stanford, whether it's Stanford or wherever.
                                                                          Page 23 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 10/26/15
