                          TRANSCRIPT
change. They used to determine the contribution based on an actuarial
value of assets. That in and of itself is actually a wonderful thing to do. The
problem was their old methodology did not adequately recognize in
particular investment losses. It really deferred the recognition of those
losses. Their new methodology no longer uses the actuarial value of assets
and essentially calculates your unfunded liability on a market value basis
and then steps into what your contribution rate should be over a five-year
period. Just to be very, very simple. If your old rate was 15 and on a
market value you should be at 20, CalPERS will go 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, and in
five years you'll be at that rate. It is in effect a form of smoothing, but it
absolutely gets you to the right rate. It just gets you there a little bit later.
Thing number two that they are changing is they had an experience study.
They discovered the same thing they discovered in each of the last probably
six or seven experience studies that they've done, all of which have been
well done. Big surprise, people are living longer. What CalPERS is actually
doing though is not just taking into account that their experience study,
which looks backwards, that saying people have been living longer, they're
taking into account that people will be living, or an expectation that people
will be living longer into the future. Actuaries think of that as sort of a
generational approach. If you really think people are going to continue to
live longer than they have been, then you are way better off factoring that
into your liability now. Now, two comments on that. From a contribution
perspective, that will not be included until the next valuation. From an
accounting perspective, the information that you have from CalPERS under
the new accounting standard, they have built that into those liabilities. The
third thing is something that you may in effect be seeing articles or things
from the League on this, and that is that CalPERS' Chief Actuary, their Chief
Investment Officer and their Chief Financial Officer—I suspect the Chief
Executive Officer as well, I just have not heard this from her yet, but
certainly from the other three executive office team at CalPERS—are all
saying the same thing. They are saying that the CalPERS population, not
just active employees but retirees, is becoming much, much more mature.
What that means is that investment volatility can have a very significant
adverse impact on the unfunded liability and where contributions are going
to go. CalPERS is in the process of trying to decide how they're going to
accommodate that. CalPERS Staff is recommending something like targeting
a much lower rate of return in a fixed period of years. For example, 6 1/2
rather than 7 1/2 percent investment return and phasing into that over a
20-year period. How they phase in, whether it's a 6 1/2 or a 7, whether it's
20 years or 30 years, is not yet certain. They're in the process of having
that conversation, but I am a fan of what they are doing. What that will
mean though, everybody should understand this.              It will mean that
contribution rates will need to be higher. If you are investing in riskier
investments, in the long run you might expect things to be good, but you
                                                                           Page 3 of 28
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/9/15
