                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Again, I think we're reserving the idea of what
those policies might be. The idea that once we have some quantitative data
in front of us, it should inform the Comp Plan. I think this idea that Council
kind of reserve the ability to send a particular policy to the CAC is good and
worthwhile.

Mayor Holman:     Council Member Wolbach, did you want to speak to this
amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: I did. I'd like to offer a friendly amendment.

Mayor Holman: An amendment to the amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: An amendment to the amendment, that's right. I
think this is important. My concern was the process that's proposed here. I
would suggest it be restated as Council encourages the CAC to consider
policies and programs relating to Goal N-4 with the Council and/or CAC to
revisit this issue again following the adoption of the Urban Water
Management Plan.

Mayor Holman: Is that agreeable to you, Vice Mayor Schmid? No. Is there
a second to the amendment? Hearing none, that amendment fails.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded
by Council Member XX to add to the Motion, “Council encourages the CAC to
consider Policies and Programs relating to Goal N-4 (Water Resources), with
Council to revisit after approval of the Urban Water Management Plan.

SUBSTITUTE AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Holman: We return to the original amendment which is by Council
Member Schmid, seconded by Council Member DuBois, to add to the Motion
Council will send to the CAC either a policy or program following the
approval of the 2016 Urban Water Management Plan on Goal N-4. Seeing
no other lights, we'll vote on the board please. That does pass unanimously
with Council Members Filseth, Vice Mayor Schmid, Mayor Holman, Council
Members Wolbach and DuBois participating.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Burt, Kniss, Scharff absent

Mayor Holman: We return them to the Main Motion. I see no other lights. I
have a couple of amendments to offer. Regarding Goal N-1, I do think what
the Planning and Transportation Commission proposed is actually stronger
and clearer language than the current Goal N-1. I would propose—I don't
want to wordsmith this. The current goal says a Citywide open space

                                                                        Page 54 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/9/15
