                         TRANSCRIPT
identified and have shined a light on this particular perceived risk. In
studying and considering this risk, we've realized that it's not just Barron
Park residents, but all Palo Alto residents that should enjoy greater certainty
of their safety in their neighborhood. That's what this is really about. Also,
just as far as how we move forward and why. I think this is a well crafted
Motion. In policy discussions, we really must recognize all of the values that
are at stake and thoughtfully weigh them. The ideal of course is to not only
weigh them, but find ways to coordinate them. When we look at this
situation, what are some of the values at play? Community safety, property
rights, investment, good jobs. These are all important values. I really do
hope that our friends and some of the residents of Palo Alto at CPI along
with the residents in Barron Park and City Staff will seize this opportunity to
work with sincerity to identify a win-win, to identify the best solution for
everybody moving forward where everybody, both for residents' safety and
for planning the future of your business and for helping us be clear about
our future zoning and planning, can have the predictability that's so
important for making long-term decisions. I think that's what's going to be
most important for all parties at play here. I also just wanted to offer
gratitude to those three groups. First, to the residents for having really
focused on this issue and helping us realize what more we needed to do to
improve safety throughout the City of Palo Alto. To CPI for having very
evidently learned through these experiences over the last few years,
improving their safety and improving their community outreach, for inviting
us within the walls of their organization. I do commend you for that. That is
a good lesson for all corporate citizens. For the City Staff especially the
Planning and the Legal Departments for thinking very creatively and offering
to continue to do that so we can find the best solution. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I will be supporting the Motion as well. My concern
remains with the communication piece of this. We primarily tonight are
voting for an all purpose ordinance. This is not just directed at CPI. The
reason that we've been here tonight talking about CPI is that is going to be
the most quickly effected business by this particular ordinance. Before this
comes back to us, I would like to hear three things. How CPI is going to
reach out into the community; who the person will be who is responsible at
CPI for doing that. I think that's really important to have somebody
identified. Lastly, for CPI to consider whether or not they would allow others
in their neighborhood to do what they have invited us to do as a Council. I
think that would make a substantial difference long term. As I've said, as
much as we're dealing with an ordinance and we're dealing with how this will
affect others in our community, this also is one of those times when there
really needs to be far more communication and a far more comfortable
                                                                            Page 83 of 95
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/16/15
