                             MINUTES
Neilson Buchanan was convinced that 800 nonresidents parked in the
Downtown North neighborhood daily. The private sector would have to
cooperate with the public sector in order to resolve parking and traffic
issues.

Doria Summa supported a short-term moratorium in order to evaluate and
resolve problems.

Adina Levin, Friends of Caltrain, indicated the City had collected a great deal
of data. Existing buildings were responsible for a larger share of traffic and
parking problems than new buildings. The number of employees that could
result from intensification of use was higher than the number from new
buildings. The Council could impose a strict trip limit on new development
and require new development to contribute funding to reduce trips.

Ruth Lowy supported a cap on growth of office space. She hoped the
updated Comprehensive Plan would not contain loopholes that allowed more
growth.

Stuart Hansen indicated the City was now obligated to build 2,000 new
housing units, which would further burden traffic and parking. He requested
the Council consider a near-term cap or moratorium on continued
development.

Jeff Brown suggested the Council review the carrying capacity of the City.
The construction of buildings emitted more carbon than the operation of
buildings.

Rainier Pitthan supported better transportation and housing.       Council
Member Scharff was a member of the Council that attempted to reverse the
Ordinance which did allowed conversion of retail to office. That should be
reversed.

Council Member Scharff reported that action was taken before he joined the
Council.

Mr. Pitthan clarified that Council Member Scharff attempted to reverse that
Ordinance. Good regulation was mandatory for a vibrant community.

Mayor Holman recalled the prior discussion ended before Council Members
Burt, Scharff, and Berman could speak.

Council Member Scharff clarified that the prior discussion ended with the
Council agreeing to a round of comments and questions without offering



03/02/2015                                                              117- 40
