                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Given that, Council Member Wolbach, are you okay with the
language in "b"? It does say report with potential action.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess the question is then what kind of timeline
are we looking at for that then?

Mayor Holman: It says within six months.

Council Member Wolbach: There you go. Okay.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: I agree with this Motion with the exception that I
think it should say a report with potential action on development in the
Stanford Research Park. That's what this was about. This was about
whether or not they are looking at TDM programs and whether or not they're
implementing them. Not whether or not we're going to then extend this
Citywide. That's a completely different take on what Council Member Burt
was talking about. I would suggest we say a report with potential action on
including the Stanford Research Park.

Mayor Holman: You're saying you want to amend "b" to say a report with
potential action on development ...

Council Member Scharff: I want to limit that to the Stanford Research Park.
I want "b" to do that. I don't want it to be a report on action Citywide. I
think that's silly. We've just gone through a whole process on boundaries.
Now, why would we look at doing it Citywide? What we've talked about is
whether or not Stanford's taking seriously our ask on a TDM program.

Mayor Holman: I wouldn't accept that. The reason is because I think what
you're hearing from the public and actually where my thinking was too is,
like, we don't want to do something here which is going to cause adverse
effects someplace else. That's what the purpose of "b" is.

Council Member Scharff: If you made the argument that in two or three
years, you're not going to know anything different in six months than you
know now. Six months is a really short period of time.

Council Member Berman: I'll second your amendment.

Mayor Holman: I'll look to Staff and see if six months is reasonable or if a
year is more likely to have ...

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. I was actually going to interject
that what we're talking about here is an interim Ordinance that's going to be
                                                                      Page 89 of 133
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/21/15
