                          TRANSCRIPT
for Caltrain and finishing the BART extension. Publicly there, publicly here,
yes.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mr. Guardino: You're welcome. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. I'm glad you brought that up. I serve
on a number of these regional bodies, and I've heard about the cap. I've
heard basically people bandying about 1 1/2 billion for BART which is 25
percent and 1 1/2 billion for Caltrain, 1 1/2 billion for the expressways, and
then the rest of the money to be split amongst these projects and other
things. Do you have any comment on how realistic that is? I mean, I've
heard that at, like, three different regional agencies recently.

Mr. Guardino: I've heard, again, from Supervisor Simitian on the BART cap.
I hadn't heard numbers on others. We haven't talked numbers specifically.
Again, hopefully that'll come out of this VTA process.         I'll go to the
expressways, though. What we had been told from that multiyear study
that all 15 cities and towns participated in, led by Santa Clara County, was
that their top tier improvements were 900 million. Now, one out of two
county residents use the expressways on a weekly basis. They are a
backbone of the system.         If you love buses, you better have good
expressways. Otherwise, the buses crawl along with your cars. If you like
bike and ped, when you do Complete Streets for every time you improve
one of those expressways, Complete Streets means you're adding bike and
ped improvements. When you make our expressways better, you make
multimodal transportation choices better. Sorry to slip into geek speak.
That is the reality of improvements on the expressway system. That dollar
amount is 900 million. Only two weeks ago at that same hearing, for the
first time ever did we hear County roads and airport staff say, "We have a
whole other Tier 2 and 3 list, and it's $1.4 billion."

Council Member Scharff: Maybe that's where I heard the 1.4 billion.

Mr. Guardino: Oh, please. The number that they had been clearly stating
for two years from that effort, with participation from all 15 cities and towns
and the County and the VTA, was 900 million. It's wasn't here's another big
additional list.

Council Member Scharff: The other thing I hear. It doesn't seem that the
Supervisors are necessarily on completely the same page with the VTA. If
there's a disagreement there, who gets to put the measure on?
                                                                        Page 83 of 101
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/15/15
