                          TRANSCRIPT
a mush over of what we've got now. Council Member Scharff, you're rightly
concerned that are we giving good direction to the Applicant. I would say
also are we giving good direction to our Boards if we want to have them
review the project. I'm going to be voting against the Substitute Motion.
Looking to return to the main Motion, I will have some Amendments to make
to that to provide better clarity and put some meat on the bone that will
hopefully give direction for where we would get a better project that could
be compatible and address some of the issues that have been stated tonight
by Council Members and by members of the public as well as the Appellant.
I'm going to be voting against the Substitute Motion and urge colleagues to
do the same.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to vote against the Substitute Motion as
well. I concur with the Mayor's suggestion that some of the Historic
Resources Board thinking find its way into the original Motion.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I will vote against the Substitute Motion as well,
because it does not address the compatibility on University Avenue where
the main impact will be on people. It is still necessary to be more specific in
the main Motion. The Substitute Motion is still further up in the air.

Council Member Wolbach: It does sound like the Substitute Motion will not
have the votes to pass. I do want to ask a couple of questions and make a
couple of statements. It sounded like the mover and, I think, the seconder
were open to further Amendments and recommendations if there was a
request for more information or a study about daylight plane impacts and
things of that nature. If there are other Amendments that colleagues would
like to make, I'd encourage them to make them whether it's in this Motion or
the other one. This one is shorter, simpler and cleaner. As I've said, I don't
think we're in a position where we should be redesigning from the dais.
We're in the position where we should be asking for more information. If
you look at the options before us on page 610 of the packet, we were trying
to figure out earlier which one of these we're at. The current Motion before
us, the Substitute Motion, is somewhere between two and three; I'm not
really sure. I'm looking to Staff for clarity about this, this question of what
happens next. Council Members Burt and Filseth were right to say we
should have greater clarity. Would we want to change this Motion to say
something like Council moves to uphold ...

Mayor Holman: Are you offering an Amendment?

Council Member Wolbach:     It's a question about whether this kind of
Amendment would be appropriate, if it would provide greater clarity to say
that we would continue the appeal and request the additional study of HRB

                                                                       Page 83 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
