                             MINUTES
Council Member Filseth reiterated that 125 square feet was aggressive as a
Citywide average.

Council Member DuBois asked if Council Member Filseth could propose a
different number.

Council Member Filseth replied 175 square feet.

Ms. Gitelman wanted to ensure the Amendment distinguished between
parking requirements and employment densities. More parking spaces
generated more traffic.

Council Member DuBois referred specifically to Chapter 18.52 because it was
the base parking requirement. The remainder of Chapter 18 discussed TMA
and other ways to mitigate that requirement. Chapter 18.52 set the base
usage assumption, which could be adjusted below that.

Ms. Gitelman clarified that the adjustments available in the Code were
limited. By changing the base requirement dramatically, more parking space
would result.

Mayor Holman had been told that the parking requirement determined
whether development occurred and the size of the building. Requiring more
parking would limit the size of the building rather than creating more traffic.

Council Member Burt stated Council Members were debating a nuance. Only
the maker and seconder could speak to their Motion.

Mr. Keene was interested in whether the Council wanted to direct Staff to
return with additional information prior to deciding which direction it wanted
to take.

Council Member DuBois advised that the Substitute Motion was directing
Staff to analyze the impact of a Citywide cap. At 20,000 to 40,000 square
feet, the cap covered the average growth rate over the last few years.

He proposed the Amendment because the Substitute Motion was part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update.         The Amendment was meant to address
concerns regarding a rush to file development applications.

Council Member Burt did not feel the Council had adequately discussed
issues in order to make thoughtful recommendations. The Motion and
Substitute Motion were premature. A 20,000 square foot cap was a near
moratorium that would expire in 15 years when the Comprehensive Plan was
again scheduled for update. He was interested in reducing development
peaks significantly and increasing quality of projects. An alternative to a cap

03/02/2015                                                              117- 47
