                           TRANSCRIPT
feet into the air only inches from our common property line. It creates a
massive structure that's out of proportion to anything else in the vicinity
except the Courthouse. The Courthouse is, first of all, on County property
and not subject to the City. It's also surrounded by a great deal of surface
parking, which sets it back from anything around it. It does not cast a
shadow. Let's take a look at what the Staff came up with to justify these
exceptions. Bear in mind the ARB did not discuss any of these criteria at the
ARB meeting. I was there. It was not discussed. What are the exceptional
and extraordinary circumstances applicable to the site that are unique within
the zoning district? Listen carefully here, because this is a little bit of
journalistic legerdemain or sleight of hand. The Staff says the finding can be
supported in the alternative. The project site and the adjacent property to
the north are the only two properties along this stretch of Park Boulevard
that are not permitted to reach 50 feet in height. The subject property is
one parcel away from the RM-40 zone district, which limits its ability to
reach the height that the other parcels along Park Avenue can. There are
also other taller buildings in the direct vicinity of the project along Park
Boulevard, such as the County Courthouse building and the multifamily
building at the corner of Park Boulevard. Translating that, what does that
say the exceptional circumstances, the exceptional and extraordinary
circumstances are? Council Member Filseth, this answers your question.
They're saying the extraordinary circumstances that do not apply generally
to property in the same zone district are that nearby properties in different
zone districts are allowed to be built higher. It's absolutely contrary to the
statute. It says if it's in the same zone district. Is it exceptional if it's in the
same zone district? They're saying its exceptional because nearby zone
districts are different. Totally inappropriate. How do they justify the
massive stair tower and elevator tower that protrude as much as 17 feet
above the legal height limit? How does that improve the neighborhood
character or preserve an existing or proposed architectural style? The
answer to that in the Staff Report is that the additional height would provide
the stair tower elements the ability to break the roof plane, adding
architectural interest. The exiting 37-foot height limit provides little if any
ability for such architectural expression.        The structure would add a
softening aspect to the building that is visually playful and functionally
useful. Nowhere in our Municipal Code is deference given to violating zoning
in order to avoid restraining architectural expression. Call me crazy, but I
don't find a 54-foot monolithic wall to be playful. I find it to be obnoxious
and immediately next to my property. I don't care to have it in my
backyard.      How is it that this minor architectural feature will not be
detrimental or injurious to other properties in the vicinity? That question is
answered saying it'll provide architectural interest without impacting
adjacent properties. The majority of the building is within the limits. This is
circular. It doesn't impact because it doesn’t impact. It's not a problem,
                                                                            Page 50 of 103
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 6/1/15
