                          TRANSCRIPT
Chair Burt: First, the six month isn't a review. We've been very deliberate
about saying that. It's a check-in.

Council Member Berman: On the review.

Chair Burt:      Second, I don't really see the correlation between the
qualitative review and the question of whether we really have any significant
variation that is going to occur in data on comps. I think that's an arbitrary
correlation between the two things.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I just wanted to make the point that the Council has
been interested in keeping close to the four CAOs. While the compensation
is not the critical piece, I think the direct reports (crosstalk).

Chair Burt: I would continue to support the midyear check-in. I'm not at all
sure we need every year to do a quantitative update to comps. I don't have
any problem reconciling those two as being contradictory.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I was referring back to the ...

Council Member Berman: Direct reports.

Vice Mayor Schmid: ... direct report, making that a two year rather than ...

Ms. Figone: We can recap the recommendations and get the Committee's
direction. Suzanne, at the time you engage Staff, might have some
thoughts about compensation, depending on what you do with your labor
groups.

Council Member Kniss: I hesitate to ask.         Are you speaking about our
Suzanne or your Suzanne?

Ms. Figone: Suzanne Mason.

Suzanne Mason, Assistant City Manager: I've been staffing the (crosstalk)
here. I've been backing her up.

Council Member Kniss: You had never looked at her, and I thought maybe
there's another Suzanne.

Ms. Egan: She should really be sitting at the table.

Ms. Figone: She was ...

Ms. Egan: A key part of this process.


                                                                                    Page 18 of 39
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript: 12/16/15
