                         TRANSCRIPT
Municipal Code. The design should follow Context Cased Design Criteria and
be responsible to context and compatible with adjacent development
including street types. There should be appropriate transitions to the
surroundings and that the new construction should share general
characteristics and design linkages and maintain a visual unity of the street.
Again, all of this is documented as criteria which developers need to follow
when proposing new buildings. We felt that there was insufficient parking
and congested traffic flow which would adversely affect the safety of
neighboring residential areas. We felt that the Kipling Street secondary
business district recognition was being ignored. We felt that this massive
building discourages the use of the Downtown alleyways for pedestrian and
bicycle only use and prevents shops from opening onto the alleyway. As we
talked about, we were concerned about the loss of ground retail space.
From your motion on May 4th, you ordered the traffic and shadow studies,
which I don't really agree with the conclusion of Mr. Lait that they had no
impact at all. There are a number of subtle, interesting findings in that. The
project shall have this—you mandated that the project shall have design
linkages with the overall pattern of buildings so that the visual unity of both
University and Kipling are maintained. Again, you said both streets needed
to be considered as part of this. You asked that the HRB evaluate the
historic buildings, and that it be resubmitted back to the ARB. Specifically,
you said in your mandate the option of a third or fourth floor could be
evaluated provided that they are visually compatible from the streets, both
University and Kipling, and that they require articulation and setbacks. We'll
discuss that here shortly. The HRB met and voted unanimously, 5-0, that
the building was too big, massive and incompatible with surroundings. They
described the building as dominant and overwhelming. They blasted this
proposal, blasted it.     They said it will permanently change University
Avenue. There were significant numbers of historic properties overlooked in
the assessment including many Birge Clark buildings like the old Apple
building and the Varsity Theatre. The historic area, they said, was not
inclusive enough and should have been enlarged. They said there was no
attempt to minimize massing at the rear of the building from the perspective
of Kipling Street, Lytton Avenue and the alleyway, including the 15-foot
height addition on top of the four stories from the HVAC and the elevator
shaft; and the building could be seen from far away. They said single-story
buildings are becoming rare and difficult to compare for future development
proposals. Some specific comments that were made at the HRB. The Chair
said any historic building within eyesight should have been included within
the study area. Mr. Bower said his most serious concern is that the mass
and scale is not sympathetic to the surrounding buildings. Beth Bunnenberg
said, "We are setting the pattern, and the cumulative impacts of these types
of buildings set the pattern that it is okay to build these massive buildings."
Ms. DiCicco said this needs more close review. Ms. Wimmer said the mass
                                                                            Page 4 of 132
                                                             City Council Special Meeting
                                                                     Transcript 11/30/15
