                         TRANSCRIPT
outright and then they can't come forward within a year with a similar
project? For me, it's three or four. I could live with either one of them.

Mayor Holman: I do still think it could be influenced by what the rationale
is, the meat you might put on the bone for either three or four. We can do a
lightning round.

Council Member Kniss: Let me ask questions of Council Member Burt. It is
tempting to, for lack of a better word, fiddle with it. The question would be,
if we send it back either regarding historical or regarding planning, what
would we anticipate would come from that? Do we anticipate it would be a
redesign? After having gone to ...

Council Member Burt: I would anticipate a significantly modified project
roughly aligned with our current incompatibility with findings and what it
would take to become compatible. As far as on the historic side, I don't
know because it hasn’t gone to HRB.

Council Member Kniss: What you're suggesting is a different building or a
different design. Am I correct?

Council Member Burt: This is not looking like a lightning round.

Council Member Kniss: In order for us to get anywhere though, we've got to
have some substantial indication of where we're heading.

Council Member Burt: I don't know whether I'd call it a different building. I
would say that it would have to be redesigned to become compliant with the
findings. I've certainly raised a number of my findings concerns. Some
others have as well. That gives you the best sense I can give you right now
as to what would be the outcome.

Council Member Filseth: Can I take a shot at this? Is the difference
between three and four really the timeframe that they can come back with
different ideas? Is that the only real difference?

Mayor Holman: I think it's a question for the City Attorney.

Ms. Silver: Your Code specifies that if the project is denied, the Council has
the ability to prevent a re-filing within a 12-month period.          It's not
automatically barred, but you can also state that you don't want the
Applicant to refile within 12 months.

Council Member Burt: That's consistent with my understanding. It's largely
a difference in timing and to some degree a difference in process. If they're
starting with a brand new project, per se, then they'd start at ground zero.
                                                                         Page 71 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 05/04/15
