                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: The other leases on the site go how long?          Maybe Staff
knows that already.

Mr. Steele: The main building Fry's is located in is over 200,000 square
feet, of which Fry's occupies the middle section of that one building. The
remaining leases are predominantly office uses. Those leases, the shortest
term is co-terminus with Fry's lease. A few of them extend beyond, but give
us the right to cancel with a fee penalty. The main building, which is the
heart of the site, is over 200,000 square feet. If Fry's were to go away
early, as an example, we'd still be left with the remaining leases that go out
to 2020 or beyond. It'd be hard for us to piecemeal the heart of it. You
might be referring to the small piece that's out on El Camino, which is a
different conversation because there are no structures with the exception of
Mike's Bikes that fronts on Olive and El Camino.

Mayor Holman: The commercial buildings or office buildings are on the
southern edge of that site. Are those also long-term and extended leases?

Mr. Steele: The southern edge of ... Are you talking about the Mercedes
parts parcel?

Mayor Holman: No, I'm talking about the former owner's office building.
I'm trying to think of their names.

Mr. Steele: Wheatley.

Mayor Holman: Those are on the same site, are they not?

Mr. Steele: Yes, they are. They lease that from us.

Mayor Holman: Are those also long-term leases?

Mr. Steele: They are co-terminus with the Fry's deal.

Mayor Holman: That also is co-terminus with the main building?

Mr. Steele: I would consider that to be in the heart of this site. The only
piece that I see being different would be the piece along El Camino, which is
the finger. When the Planning Commission identified the Fry's site, the
finger was not part of the Fry's site because we didn't own it at that time.

Council Member Filseth: I'll throw this out and see if it leads the discussion
in a good way or not. I'm going to move that we defer taking up this project
until after we at least finish and adopt the California Avenue concept area
plan.

                                                                         Page 74 of 82
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 06/22/15
