                          TRANSCRIPT
can be reduced over time. Moving into Phase 2, we've identified some
additional budget needs to get that Program started at the end of
March/early April. The first is onsite customer support for permit sales at
the beginning of Phase 2. We had a contractor onsite for 2 months, roughly
6-8 weeks to assist with customer service. Budget is also needed for
physical permits. Phase 1 has largely paper permits, and Staff recommends
providing budget to furnish physical permits. Then additional enforcement
would be necessary for annexed streets and approved additional areas. To
wrap-up, recommendation would be that City Council conceptually approve
the annexation of streets that have petitioned into the Downtown RPP
District and the new eligibility areas to petition at a later date as an
administrative action. We recommend that City Council direct Staff to return
with a Resolution and an Ordinance in early 2016 to implement the proposed
boundary changes and parameters for Phase 2 of the Downtown RPP
Program. Staff recommends that City Council direct Staff to return at that
time with an analysis of Program costs and revenue. Looking ahead towards
next steps. We are here in December 2015 for City Council action. We
recommend a direction to return in early 2016 with a Resolution and
Ordinance.     Looking out towards February to March, would see sign
installation and modification in the Downtown RPP District, installing new
signs and affixing zone designations to existing signs. March 2016, the
Phase 2 permits would go on sale. Late March to early April 2016, Phase 2
would begin. With that, we conclude the presentation.

Mr. Mello: Thank you. I hope that provides you with enough information in
order for you to make your decision this evening, along with the Staff
Report. We did try to incorporate answers to some of the questions we
received more recently into the presentation. I hope we were successful at
that.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thanks, Staff, very much for the presentation and for
all the work you've done over the last year to get us where we are today; in
the midst of Phase 1, prepared for Phase 2. Thank you for that. I have a
total of 26 people who have put in cards. I think what we will do—we'll give
everyone 2 minutes to speak, if you could adjust what you want to say to
that timeline. The first speaker is actually Neilson Buchanan, who has five
speakers have given him their minutes, so he will have 10 minutes to kick
off. The speaker after that will be Chop Keenan. Welcome.

Neilson Buchanan, speaking for 5 persons: My turn?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.



                                                                     Page 34 of 126
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 12/14/15
