                         TRASNCRIPT
may be some agreement, but I just think it needs to be called out as a
focus. We keep talking about a lot of our bad intersections and things.
When you read the Transportation Element, there's nothing really in there
that focuses on congestion relief. My motion was to add a goal, T-9. I'm
open to wordsmithing as well, but "decrease congestion and improve
transportation efficiency with a priority on our worst intersections, our
business centers and our peak commute times including school traffic." That
was just my cut at it. I hope that sense comes across.

Council Member Scharff: I'll second it.

Council Member DuBois: I guess the rest of this motion would be to move
the Staff recommendation on the structure, which is primarily the PTC
version with Goal T-3 changed to "neighborhood impacts." Not that T-3;
that's the existing T-3. The new T-3.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Scharff to adopt Proposed Planning and Transportation Commission
Organization for the Transportation Element Goals with the following
modifications:

A.   Add Goal T-9: Decrease congestion and improve transportation
     efficiency with a priority on our worst intersections, our business
     centers, and our peak commute times including school traffic; and

B.   Change Goal T-3 to “Neighborhood Impacts.”

Mayor Holman: Do you want to speak to your motion any further?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, I just want to make sure he gets it. I'll work
with David on that.

Council Member Scharff: Do you want me to speak to the motion?

Mayor Holman: Please.

Council Member Scharff: I think Council Member DuBois has it right. I think
Staff's recommendation is a good one. I do think we need to really focus on
decreasing the congestion. As he wrote it here, I think that's an excellent
addition, and I commend him for it.

Council Member Wolbach: Quick question for Staff. I was discussing this
with a colleague, and I just wanted some clarity. The language that we used
in giving our priorities to VTA, and it's mentioned here under Item 4 where it
says "i.e., Caltrain grade separation." I just wanted to be clear. Does the
concept of Caltrain grade separations, when you use that phrase, when
                                                                      Page 115 of 127
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/31/15
