                          TRANSCRIPT
would say you could do a lot more and still have Palo Alto very beautiful. I
think we have to fight the State Legislature. They have a wrongheaded idea
that it's just pure density. Density is the enemy. What you need is density
that is arranged in such a way that the beauty and the garden and the air
and the open space surround multiple dwelling, so that they're beautiful. Do
you remember Ricky's in contrast to what we have now? We could have
that. You know what the Claremont Hotel looks like. They're large places
and they have a lot of people in them, but they're very beautiful and they
don't cause a lot of traffic. I think you need to think a lot harder. When you
have public buildings going up like the libraries, the Mitchell Park Library,
that's fine. You could have put a bunch of housing on it. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Our next speaker is Edie Keating, to be followed by Elaine
Meyer.

Edie Keating: When you read the Comp Plan, statement after statement
says or implies what a wonderful City we are and how that should be
preserved. There's something I want beyond wonderful. I want to live in an
ethical and moral City. I want my City to be inclusive. I want my City to
consider not just its own future, but the impacts of its choices on the region
and the region's residents. Our City's historic support for open space and for
affordable housing encourages me that I do live in such a city. Every office
development approval makes me doubt my City. If you care about reducing
greenhouse gases, if you care about reducing traffic, you should favor office
over housing. If you want to reduce stress of adults and children, you
should favor office over housing. If you want Palo Alto to be a responsible
member of the region, you will favor housing over office. Did I say it wrong?
Thank you. I understand that. Please favor housing over office. What will
an ethical future look like? It will preserve green spaces. It will add housing
density which will support improved transit. It will be okay. I think we'll be
a more desirable City than what we have today. I hope you will look where
you can change the Zoning Map and switch sites from other uses to housing.
What Comp Plan language will get us there? The City should seek to lessen
its cumulative jobs-housing imbalance.         The City should seek to limit
development that supports job growth and to support housing development.
The City should consider the impacts of its land use policies on regional
issues, including traffic, reduction of greenhouse gases and housing need.
Over many years, the City of Palo Alto has been an enabler of many jobs
without the most important supporting infrastructure which is housing. We
all know you cannot fix this. What can you do? You can acknowledge where
we've ended up, and you can change direction towards more and denser
housing. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Elaine Meyer to be followed by Doria Summa.
                                                                        Page 45 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/2/15
