                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Holman: Just to get this clear as I try to capture your intention here.
Come back after Council discussions of the Comprehensive Plan Update on
the Transportation Element.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, that's good.

Mayor Holman: Take out "is complete" and then say "to further prioritize
projects." Keep that. "Discussions of the City Council"—excuse me. After
Council discussion, "Comprehensive Plan Update on the Transportation
Element to further prioritize projects."   Does that capture what your
intention is?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: Yes. What you're saying is you're allowing that
discussion to inform our prioritization as it goes forward.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: I think this is a good start, but I think we need to
send some priorities along with this. I don't think that this is good enough
for tonight. I think we are ready to identify a couple of priorities. In that
first round, we did treat it a little bit like a Study Session. We treated it like
a first round. We aired our concerns. I think there's enough overlap that we
can ID a couple. Given the good Study Session we had earlier tonight and
the discussion we've already had on this topic, I do not think we can nor
should wait for a future discussion before we say, "Caltrain grade separation
is Palo Alto's top transportation priority." We don't have to necessarily
identify what kind of grade separation it is; we can leave that open-ended
for now. I think that probably as far as the kind of project we'd be asking
for, it would be giving us the flexibility to decide, but dedicating a pot of
money from Envision, from the ballot measure, dedicating a pot of money to
grade separations either for North County or more specifically for Palo Alto
that we then could determine how we wanted to use along with our own
matching funds. Of course, the ballot measure is not going to cover the
entire cost, and we have to acknowledge that.

Mayor Holman: Sorry to interrupt, but do you have an amendment that you
want to offer here? It's late. Do you have an amendment?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. Yes, I do. I wanted to provide the context
for it, however. I think that there are also a couple of things that we've
heard. Enough of us identified that we should include primarily support for
                                                                          Page 93 of 136
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/17/15
