                         TRANSCRIPT
These are major contributors towards the $14 million or 8.3 percent increase
in General Fund Budget. It is important to note that a third of the growth in
tax revenue, about $3 million, is due to the voter-approved Transient
Occupancy Tax [TOT] rate increase approved in November. As you well
know, in January you adopted Priorities that address transportation, long-
term planning, infrastructure investment and healthy communities. To
support these Priorities, the Proposed Budget includes investment in parking
and transportation funding, infrastructure, increased library hours and
reporting on City funding related to the Healthy City Healthy Community
initiative. As directed by Council, Staff has started to implement several
strategies to address traffic congestion in the City.        As part of our
multilayered mitigation plan, efforts include parking management strategies
such as Residential Parking Permit Program, implementation of parking
technologies,    garage    wayfinding    signage,   Transportation   Demand
Management strategies such as the creation of a Transportation
Management Association, enhanced shuttle services funding, Caltrain GoPass
program for employees, and short-term and long-term parking supply
strategies such as valet parking, construction of new garages as identified in
the Council-approved Infrastructure Plan. This Budget proposes additional
investments for parking and transportation to implement the Council-
approved strategies, including two positions in the Planning and Community
Environment Department related directly to transportation and planning.
There are actually three positions being added in Planning, in one sense
shifting one and backfilling one in Development Services, adding a fourth
position in Planning, which I'll explain later. In June 2014, the Council
approved a $125.8 million Infrastructure Plan which provides funding for a
new Public Safety Building, replacement of two fire stations, funding of our
bold Bicycle Pedestrian Transportation Plan, two parking garages and other
projects. For detailed information relating to that plan, Walter will be
directing you to the Proposed Capital Budget.         Although adopted, the
Council-approved Infrastructure Plan had a funding gap of $7.5 million at the
time of adoption. To address the gap and consistent with the Long Range
Financial Forecast of 2016-25, an additional $9.4 million and $4.7 million in
Fiscal Year 2016 and Fiscal Year 2017 is proposed to be transferred from the
General Fund to the Capital Improvement Fund to support the full
Infrastructure Plan. This transfer, which is due to additional TOT receipts,
will close the funding gap of $7.5 million, provide funding for the Public Art
Program related to the Infrastructure Plan and fund a small reserve for cost
increases. The 2016 Budget includes that first-year transfer of $4.7 million.
To support the implementation of the plan, the Budget does include the
addition of one Engineer position in the Public Works Department. In
November 2014, the City opened the new Mitchell Park Library and
Community Center and the remodeled Rinconada Library to our community.
In response to feedback from users who are enjoying the new facilities and
                                                                           Page 3 of 60
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                               Trasncript: 04/27/2015
