                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Thank you. This item was continued from a prior meeting.
At the time, we suggested that anyone who had already spoken to this item
would be allowed to speak but actually discouraged to speak in favor of
those who have not yet spoken. If we can go on the honor system here.
We have 15 speakers. If we could try to do two minutes, you'll have three
but if you could try to do two minutes, that'll help us all move along. Our
first speaker is Courtney Corlamagno, I believe is how it's pronounced.
When you hear your name called, if you would come down to the front, it
will save us a lot of time. The next speaker will be Anne Marie Metzler.
Welcome.

Courtney Corlamagno: Good evening. My name's Courtney Corlamagno,
and I'm a special education teacher at Gunn High School in the Palo Alto
Unified School District. I've been a teacher in the District for the past three
years, and the two years before that I was an instructional aide in the
classroom. My whole time I've been employed by Palo Alto Unified, I've had
to commute in to work from over an hour outside of Palo Alto and the
community. Currently right now, it's incredibly difficult to find affordable
housing, especially as a single person. I can't even imagine how hard it
might be to find housing if you have a family to support. Ever since I was
younger, I wanted to be a teacher, partially because of the idea that
teachers play an important role in the community. Teachers are trusted
adults and mentors; people who aren't in your family but who often play an
essential role in your upbringing. Right now I don't live in the community
and, therefore, it's hard for me to embody that role. There's a lot of
activities that go on related to the high school, dances, night rallies, sports
activities that I want to be included in, but it's hard because that involves
waiting around after school, kind of hanging out in my office because I can't
do a lot of errands because any errand I do, I have to drive home an hour
afterwards. Then I have to stay very late to attend the activity and then
drive home. I also have a lot of students who want to be involved. They're
in special ed but want to go to the activities. They're less likely to go to the
activities if I can't be there and be that person in their community. Tonight
I'm just here to urge you to keep this in mind as we continue to talk about
affordable housing and the current need for it in the community. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. We may perhaps have some people this
evening who have not come to speak to us before. When I suggested if you
could speak within two minutes, you'll have reached two minutes when the
light turns yellow on the podium up here. Thank you. Anne Marie Metzler to
be followed by Justine Burt.

Anne Marie Metzler: Thank you, Mayor Holman and City Council Members,
for giving me a moment. My name is Anne Marie Metzler, again, and I'm a
                                                                         Page 34 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
