                          TRASNCRIPT
like the UAC. We had a number of fantastic applicants. If it's not in the
Chair's prerogative to make the decision, I'd make it as a motion.

Ms. Stump: Madam Mayor, one way to do this if you wish to proceed that
way is to make the first five appointments that you then vote on, and you
make the appointments. The last one that comes into place, you consider
that to be a straw poll that we bring back on consent.

Mayor Holman: That also assumes though that we would want to appoint a
sixth one. We've not made that decision yet as a body.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you. I had the same point, but I would
actually make the motion that we vote for the five so it's clear who we are
taking action on tonight. Then we would separately vote for one that would
go on consent, a future agenda. I do think it's the appropriate time since
we're adding people right now versus people that might drop out of the
process six months from now.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid, are you wanting to second his motion?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yeah, I will second Council Member Wolbach's motion.

Mayor Holman: So that's seconded by Vice Mayor Schmid, to vote for five
members for appointment.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor Holman to
vote for five members for appointment to the Comprehensive Plan Update
Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) and then vote for one additional member
for future appointment.

Mayor Holman: I see no other lights.

Council Member Berman: I'm confused.

Mayor Holman: What we are doing is we are—the motion is to vote for five
members for appointment to the CAC.

Council Member Berman: That was Council Member DuBois' motion.                  I
heard Vice Mayor Schmid second Council Member Wolbach's motion.

Mayor Holman: No, Vice Mayor ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, he did.


                                                                    Page 65 of 127
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 8/31/15
