                          TRANSCRIPT
the narrative you've described of people strolling down the street and not
really using Wi-Fi, when you are walking past businesses that might each
have their own very narrow range Wi-Fi, that absolutely makes sense. It's
because there's no Wi-Fi that reaches across all of University that you walk
from one coffee shop at the end of University up to a pub at the other end.
You're not necessarily going to be—you can't use a single Wi-Fi spot. If we
deployed a municipal Wi-Fi throughout the Downtown core or along Cal.
Ave., would that allow people to use that same Wi-Fi as they move from one
end to the other or running multiple errands and have some of the benefits
that might come from it being municipal? Perhaps, greater dependability,
not having to sign in, not having to go up to the cashier and ask what their
Wi-Fi password is, and perhaps not worry that you're data is being used for
private uses, although that raises all kinds of privacy issues for us as well, as
far as how we use their data. I mean technologically is that viable? If
somebody's logged in using our Wi-Fi, can they move smoothly across
several blocks if it's a municipal Wi-Fi in a commercial area?

Mr. Reichental: I mean, it would be based on what I've observed. That
would be very viable for those two streets, to have a very dense Wi-Fi
infrastructure and make it work as good as King Plaza and chambers right
now. We would design it with sufficient density to make that work.

Council Member Kniss: Leaving our City for a few minutes and thinking of
some of the other cities that have gone into this or are attempting to go into
this. I went to a conference about two years. I think Jim Fleming is here in
the audience somewhere. One of the areas that we kept hearing about was
the complexity of actually doing this when you got into it. While it sounds—I
think it probably sounds very appealing to us. We already have our utilities.
We cover all our own utilities. It looks as though this would be a terrific
area. I have to say it really poured cold water on my enthusiasm for it,
listening to what many cities have gone through in terms of lawsuits and so
forth. Could you comment on that aspect of it which is the kind of
unpleasant flip side of it? The other part is to talk about successful cities
that you think are operating that would in some way be like Palo Alto.

Ms. Hovis: Council Member, I started my remarks by saying we are really
strong advocates of municipal options and municipal fiber to the home. At
the same time, we are also realists working for the public sector. This is not
for the faint of heart. It is just very challenging to do. If it were easy to
make a business case in fiber to the home, we would have seen private
capital coming into this market a lot sooner, given the growth of the internet
in our economy.      One of the challenges that unfortunately incumbent
carriers who oppose the emergence of competition have very effectively put
                                                                         Page 33 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
