                          TRANSCRIPT
distinctive. In my career I've never had a seven or eight year period of an
intense, at least a one-time review with the amount of time and effort that is
put into it is pretty unusual. What's the purpose for an evaluation? Is it for
the Council? Is it for the CAO? Is it mutual? I would argue that
particularly—in any case, it's always this way, particularly with the CAOs. To
the degree that you look at the relationship with the CAOs as a partnership
or you look at it as a superior/subordinate, it's different depending upon that
perspective. I would argue that it's both, but the partnership piece is a big
piece. The design of the process should include the feedback from the
CAOs. I would weigh in on the thing that the quantitative piece doesn't work
for me. It doesn't work for me when I’m doing reviews for employees. The
concept behind it is maybe you could get more granular. You could give a
4.2 rather than 4.3. As often as not, people get imprisoned in their
relationship and their conversation by those numbers. Then, it's the next
year, and you're like it'd be a 4.3. If the person gets a 4.1, suddenly it's like
what's going on or are things going bad versus just have a straight
conversation or a focus on a particular issue area or behavior or result is
very different than a score. "Jim, we really think you've drifted in the
outreach you've been doing in the community this year because of
whatever. These are the things we'd like to see" is much more meaningful
for me than paying attention to our score. We all know how the grading
system works as a motivator and/or a de-motivator. One of the really
important things is what do you want. I know there's this process of
ultimately assigning, say, compensation, but that's also really secondary to
the quality of the relationship that we have. In many ways, I would echo
what Mary was saying. As important as any annual evaluation is, in a lot of
ways not having an evaluation is a problem that having an evaluation solves.
It doesn't necessarily do a whole lot more than that, depending upon the
quality of it.      The reality of it is people need to be in constant
communication. I think we need to acknowledge there is an aspect of that
in any of these work relationships. Very much with your CAOs, you're highly
dependent upon as the interface with the organization. When we talk about
things like the subordinate review or report, I think it's important to get our
take on what the value or non-value of that is. Actually I have 16 reports
that you would do, not ten, just so we start to get clear. For the CAOs, the
Council's performance has an impact on the CAOs' performance. The
workload that you're doing and the managing of it has an impact on our
ability to do that. We don't have a good way to talk about that part of it.
I'm not exactly sure that I would want to be simultaneously giving you
individually or collectively my feedback about you all.

Ms. Egan: The City of San Luis Obispo does that. They have a Council
evaluation that the direct report to the City Manager do every year. It
comes through us. We blend it, and we send it to each of the Council's
                                                                                     Page 27 of 39
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript: 12/16/15
