                         TRANSCRIPT
anticipate what might happen. I think, if you'd like to make a couple of
comments about how that kind of cooperation has happened and the extent
of it.

Len Matterman, Executive Director of the San Francisquito Creek JPA: Sure.
Thank you, Madam Mayor and Council Members. Everything that Joe Teresi
talked about in terms of the categories of reducing flood risk, providing early
warning, improving coordination and communication on emergency
response, improving public communication, all of those items have been
done in concert with the other entities of the JPA, meaning the JPA itself plus
the Cities of East Palo Alto and Menlo Park, the Santa Clara Valley Water
District and San Mateo County. Certainly on some of those items depending
on the location of the removal of debris or the website, which was really a
partnership between the City and JPA, and other items relate to reducing
flood risk by raising creek banks in certain areas. In some of those cases,
some entity has taken the lead or been more involved than other entities,
but in all of them there's been a lot of active coordination. Mayor Holman,
you saw that last week at the event. There have been a series of meetings
actually over the last few years, but those have been accelerated to every
two to three weeks among City Manager Keene and many Staff from the City
as well as myself and City Managers from the other two cities and leadership
from the County and Water District. I think the level of coordination is way
beyond what we saw even in 2012 when we had the last flood. I think in
terms of our ability to communicate and respond when there are large
events in the future, including this winter, we're better off because of that.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. We have two members of the public
who would care to speak to this item. Kevin Fisher to be followed by Bruce
Heister, and you'll each have three minutes.

Kevin Fisher: Good evening. My name is Kevin Fisher. I live at 728 Alester
Avenue. I've been in my location for 20 years; I've lived in the City for 30.
In fact, I remember—Liz, were you on the Council in '98?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Mr. Fisher: Were you on the City Council in '98?

Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Mr. Fisher: I remember you came to Duveneck School after the flood.

Council Member Kniss: I remember it extremely well.
                                                                       Page 30 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
