                     ACTION MINUTES
      Park Owner shall pay the higher of the two appraisals, as may be
      modified by the Hearing Officer as described below; and

   b) Within 6 months of the mobile home owner’s relocation from Buena
      Vista, the Park Owner shall complete an updated market survey of
      average apartment rents in the cities surrounding Palo Alto, using the
      methodology in the RIR. This survey shall be the basis for calculating
      the 12-month rent differential and start-up costs described in the
      Hearing Officer’s decision; and

   c) Within 30 days of receiving the updates described above, any mobile
      home owner may submit a written objection, comment or
      supplemental data to the Hearing Officer. The Park Owner shall have
      15 days to rebut any such submissions. The Hearing Officer shall make
      a determination regarding the appraisal amount and comparable
      market survey based on the evidence submitted. The Hearing Officer
      shall not award less than the amounts contained in the updated
      analyses of the Park Owner, or more than the amounts supported by
      evidence submitted by the mobile home owners. The Hearing Officer
      shall not have jurisdiction to reopen any matter addressed by the
      Council’s Decision or the Sept 30, 2014, Hearing Officer’s Decision.
      The Hearing Officer shall issue a short written determination, which
      shall be final. The Hearing Officer’s determination shall not be
      appealable to the Council. Any appeal shall be to the Superior Court,
      to the extent provided by law; and

   d) Final determination of actual moving costs and additional mitigations
      for disabled mobile home owners shall be determined by the
      Relocation Specialist, as set forth in the Hearing Officer’s decision; and

   e) In addition where a one bedroom mobile home unit has more than one
      bedroom because of unpermitted additions, where family is greater
      than three people, the rental compensation will provide for a two
      bedroom rental unit.

2) Staff shall return to Council for adoption of written findings and decision
   consistent with this Motion.


                                                                             Page 2 of 3
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 04/14/15
