                          TRANSCRIPT
questions and answers, my conclusion is the project appears to comply with
the quantitative parts of our zoning. But, in my opinion, it doesn't comply
with the compatibility and context part of the Ordinance in terms of mass
and scale.     I'm also concerned about safety, neighborhood impacts,
reduction of the retail, accounting of the TDRs. I'd like to see perhaps a
focused EIR that evaluates the real density and the real parking impacts as
well as the issue about the circulation and use of the alley. Based on what
I've heard, I don't think I can make the findings.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I would be in favor of Number three, continue the item
with some additional information. The big issue of compatibility has come
up. The parking issue needs information for Council Members at least to
make decisions. I would be in favor of Number three.

Council Member Berman: I was tempted not to say anything at all. I'm
concerned with where this conversation is going and how we're going to give
no feedback to the Applicant that's actionable. I agree a lot with what
Council Member Scharff said. There are some concerns with circulation. I
don’t know so much about the shadow issue. I was curious about Council
Member Wolbach's question on different unique possibilities with Kipling
Street. A conversation about that should be had with this project. That's a
huge concern for the folks on Kipling Street. I am concerned that at the end
of the night we're going to send this back with no clear direction, because all
nine of us on Council disagree about and have different problems with the
project. I'm very curious to see how this is going to end up. I'm going to
withhold most of my comments until that happens. Yeah, I'll wait until then.

Council Member Kniss: I thought I'd had my turn, but I'll jump right back
in. Council Member Scharff's comments are very compelling. This is green;
we are pushing green. It is adding additional living spaces. They might not
be just what we would do. We might make eight instead of four. Adding
that additional living space is important. We keep talking about we need
more Downtown apartments. These are apartments, not condos. I too am
troubled by size, but Ken Hayes said it clearly. This has one FAR for the
business aspect of this, and another a FAR for the living aspect of it. We
have talked about trying to be creative in the Downtown. If we were to send
it back, are we going to say redesign the building? Circulation is a good
idea. I would buy into that one, but a complete building redesign at this
point means that we basically have turned down the project.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't have a problem with the size of the
building.   I've walked that neighborhood; I've walked up and down
University I don't know how many times, like probably everybody here. My
take is that there is a variety of heights. There's a variety of sizes of

                                                                       Page 73 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
