                         TRANSCRIPT
to PTC and then to Policy and Services and then back to PTC? What does
that mean for Staff time?

Ms. Stump: I can't think in the five years that I've been here that
something has gone from the PTC to Policy and Services. I think it generally
comes to Council. I'm not immediately recalling any sections of your
Municipal Code that speak to that either.

Mayor Holman: Can I just interject just quickly. In 14 years, I can't think of
a time when something went from Planning and Transportation to Policy and
Services. In 14 years.

Ms. Stump: I would note if this proposal or set of ideas or possibilities goes
through Planning and Transportation and comes back out to Council or
Council Committees and there are substantial changes or differences, it
probably needs to go back to the Planning and Transportation Commission.
Just so that we satisfy that State law requirement that Planning and
Transportation Commission review zoning amendments.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to say I think that I agree that
there have been concerns about alignment in views between the Council and
the Planning and Transportation Commission. I understand the Planning and
Transportation Commission serves at the request and essentially
authorization of the Council. I, for one, appreciate when people provide
opinions that I wouldn't have come up with myself, even if I disagree with
them, especially if I disagree with them. That's why it's nice to have
advisory bodies, besides just to do grunt work, to think outside the box and
to brainstorm. If a Commission proposes ideas that we are not in favor of, I
think we should thank them and say, "Respectfully, we disagree, but thank
you for getting us outside of our cognitive levels." That's a service. As I've
said before and as Council Member Berman said, I do think that we are
overdue for a joint Study Session with the PTC. I think that the members of
the PTC have felt that they have not been appreciated by the Council and
that they're doing the best that they can. There's a feeling of distrust on
both sides that should be addressed. I don't think that tonight is the time to
get into that any deeper. I don't ...

Mayor Holman: In saying that ...

Council Member Wolbach: I will not support this motion because it's
essentially a vote of no confidence in the PTC.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.


                                                                      Page 106 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
