                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Scharff: Any way, send me your input or send it to the City
Clerk, send it to me, or something like that.

Mayor Holman: Thank you for that. Council Member Burt.

Council Member Burt: I just wanted to bring up an issue that we may want
to tackle promptly by Staff. I've heard from a number of members of the
community and now more recently from leaders of Canopy that they're
seeing a lot of our street median trees appearing to be in jeopardy. We
hopefully have significant winter rains happening as soon as November, but
if we are able to both get information out to the public that they need to
take care of those street trees even while we're conserving water, and
upping our program on City watering. We lose those trees and it's going to
be 50 years to get them back to that level of canopy. I think there is real
concern that we may be in that situation. We're not the only ones. This
might be something we want to try to do what we can to try and forestall
that. I'm sorry. My understanding was that there was going to be a memo
or a leaflet in the utilities billing, and that hasn't happened. That was a
concern to Canopy. Kind of the clock's running out on the usefulness of
that.

Mayor Holman: Just a quick adjunct to that. That communication has been,
I think, received by Staff from a few directions.       Also some clearer
information on replacing lawns with what kind of landscape is the most
appropriate. Council Member Kniss and I were at a presentation for the
Peninsula League of Cities in Redwood City recently. There was some very
good information provided there that we're not doing as well as we could in
getting out. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Also plays well into what you've both just been
discussing. I have become extraordinarily alarmed about artificial turf. I
had an experience this summer where we stayed in a home that had the
turf. To begin with, the person who owned the house said a very easy way
to dry your clothes when they come out of the dryer is just put them on the
lawn. They'll dry in about a half an hour. They did. The extraordinary
amount of heat produced by artificial turf is amazing. It's listed very well in
this handout that came to us tonight. I think that while we can't influence
what our neighbors are doing, I think we can influence what we're doing as a
City. I think that it is an extraordinarily poor substitute for grass regardless
of water. I would strongly encourage us to not be using it on any of our
public areas or City surfaces. I don't know how the rest of you feel about,
but if you haven't stood on artificial turf, which is frequently where kids are
playing some kind of ball, and felt how hot it is, then I would suggest you
take your laundry to one those places. It'll dry very quickly.

                                                                        Page 100 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
