                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Sure. Thank you. If I forget anything, please let me know. First
of all on the Board Members, there was only three Board Members there.
It's a five-member Board; there was an absence, there was a vacancy on
the Board.

Council Member Scharff: Was that no quorum if there was ...

Mr. Lait: No, it was a quorum; they had three of the five. There was a
vacancy that was unfilled and a recusal. We were already dealing with three
members, and that's all we were going to get. Recall that the Board, when
they reviewed the project, unanimously approved it, 4-0, when they
considered it earlier this year. What was different about this most recent
review is that the applicant submitted a project based on their interpretation
of how to address the Council's concerns. It was presented once to the
Architectural Review Board. They had that one opportunity to review it,
offer their comments and perspective, and then the matter was going to
return to the City Council. What was missing in the most recent review was
what you get sometimes in other ARB reviews, a back-and-forth. You've
made some changes, great. They noticed some things that they thought
were positive, but they also noticed some things that they thought made the
design look a little more bland or less articulated. I think had it been
another meeting some of those things might have been worked out.

Council Member Scharff: Why didn't we follow—I'm not going to say our
usual process, because I know. Why wasn't that back-and-forth—why didn't
we have that process of back-and-forth and having a design that I can feel
that the ARB thinks it’s a good design? I may not always agree with the
ARB, but at least professionals have looked at it.

Mr. Lait: Right. I guess the way I'd answer that is the applicant has an
appeal before this Council and felt that the decision ultimately would be with
this Council and the findings would be evaluated by the City Council and, I
guess, didn't want to spend as much time in a back-and-forth effort that
may or may not yield to a better result in the end.

Mayor Holman: With that response, if you can hold the responses, we'll
come back to them.

Mr. Lait: Sure.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff had some other questions. Thank
you for those. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just wanted to ask Staff—different speakers
made comments about the shade study and other kind of third-party
                                                                          Page 25 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
