                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Shikada: If I could add, Brad. I've now been with the City for 8
months. In the 8-month time period, the mission has been to execute a
design contract with Moffatt & Nichol to get this project moving into the next
stage, which included meeting with VTA to talk about project management
options, methods through which they could help facilitate because they've
been very supportive of trying to move this project forward quickly. The
proposal or the elements that you've received basically at places for tonight
was largely where Staff had been trying to get the negotiations to over the
course of that 8 months. To reinforce some of the earlier discussion, the
best way I could describe it is to suggest that the best next step forward
would be to do a reset. The RFP would allow that reset. It would allow
Moffatt & Nichol to propose what they've offered to the Council, did not offer
to Staff prior to coming to this meeting this evening, and to allow that reset
of the RFP to basically set a new bar. Last week when we talked about the
Infrastructure Plan, you heard from me about the reinforcement of the
project management mantra of scope, schedule and budget. Again, over the
last 8 months, that is the culture that this department has been trying to
implement. The difficulties in negotiating this contract are perhaps a poster
child for how it can go sideways if that culture is not embedded and is not
reinforced at every opportunity. In the worst case scenario, I think we lose
3 to potentially a little more in terms of months but would certainly reinforce
the importance and the discipline that the department is attempting to
convey in we have a budget, we have been working to implement an
agreement that adheres to that budget and move forward. It's the inability
to do that that has brought us here tonight.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate that, and I hear what you're saying.
Just to clarify. You're saying this did not come to you guys, but it was dated
November 25th. Did you not get it?

Mr. Shikada: By that time, this had already been agendized.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Scharff.

Council Member Scharff: Thank you. A couple of things. I guess I've got to
get something off my mind. Mr. Grover, when you were up there, you were
talking about $2 1/2 million was the other. When you bid it out, it was 8
million plus 1 1/2 million of other. Right? I guess what I'm confused about
is your fee is 2.6 million. That's what you're asking for. What's confusing
me a lot is it implies to me—I hope I'm wrong, because I want you to
explain it—bad faith. If you go in at $8 million and thinking 1.5 is the other,
but then you propose a fee of 2.6, I must be misunderstanding or else I
think you're acting in bad faith. I don't mean to be harsh. That's what you
just said up there. Maybe you could just explain that.

                                                                      Page 116 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
