                             MINUTES
urged the Council to support the project.    As a modern building, it would
have more efficient construction methods.

Sam Arsan, Arsan Realty, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. The
project complied with all requirements. The owner made every effort to
accommodate suggestions of the ARB. He urged the Council to approve the
project.

Elizabeth Wong, Applicant, spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. The
Appellant leased his property on Kipling Street as office space rather than
retail space. Those commercial tenants were major contributors to the
traffic and parking problems about which the Appellant complained. Several
architectural styles coexisted with modern buildings on University Avenue.

Cecilia Hiraoka spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15. The ARB and
Planning Director's approval indicated the project met all requirements of the
City. The Appellant was wasting valuable City resources by filing the appeal.

Elaine Meyer spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15.          The project
offended and inconvenienced neighbors, exacerbated the parking shortage,
and was incompatible with the street.

Andrew Wong spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15.            The project
balanced the needs of City residents and businesses, improved retail space,
addressed the City's need for housing, and offered more parking than
required by the Code. The architecture of the building was consistent with
the existing commercial space and the existing building.

John Hanna spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 15.            Palo Alto
architecture was eclectic. Removing the item from the Consent Calendar
provided a bad message.       The Council should consider the broader
implications of the project.

Herb Borock spoke regarding Agenda Item Number 5. The City Manager
previously stated that the water grant project would not proceed until
questions were resolved. The Director of Community Services stated the
item would not proceed until the City had talked with stakeholders. He and
Ms. Renzel had not been contacted to comment as stakeholders; yet, the
item was on the Agenda. The Staff Report indicated the schedule for
utilizing funds had not been developed and grant funding must be utilized by
July 2016. The agreement indicated the grantee should complete grant
tasks by July 31, 2015.

Mayor Holman asked if Staff wished to comment.


04/06/2015                                                             117- 169
