                          TRANSCRIPT
May 14, 2015, from 6:30 A.M. to 9:00 A.M. As we do every year, celebrate
cycling, get rewarded at energizing stations along popular bike routes in
bike-friendly Palo Alto. Again, starting early in the morning, the Alma Bike
Bridge near Alma Street and Palo Alto Avenue. Cyclists traveling through
there can stop and get their bikes tuned up and with other riders enjoy some
fresh fruit. City Hall on the Ellen Fletcher Bike Boulevard, which is actually
right there at Bryant Street and Hamilton Street. At the California Avenue
Caltrain Station, this will be a special location this year, because the week
before we will have been celebrating the reopening of the California Avenue
Project and new plaza and everything there at that location. It's going to be
a really big hit. As always the Wilkie Way Bike Bridge, between Wilkie Way
and Miller Avenue, is a special place. If you haven't been down there, that's
a nice and easy ride. More good news about Mitchell Park. We have
received our official LEED certification, receiving Platinum LEED certification,
the highest possible. In fact, the project earned 92 points out of 100. A
project only needs 80 points in order to reach the platinum level. This is no
small accomplishment by everybody who's been involved in this project.
Many thanks, of course, to our Council for your leadership on pushing that
design for the building and to our Public Works Staff team for their hard
work in supporting the designation. I'm almost done, Madam Mayor. Our
City will be partnering with the Palo Alto Medical Foundation on the linkAges
TimeBank Program. This is a neighborhood service exchange network in
which residents can help each other with various tasks and bank their time
to take advantage of services by others. The City will use the TimeBank to
recruit ambassadors to perform in-home surveys, help educate neighbors
about energy and water efficiency and Zero Waste. The goal is to help
green Palo Alto and build a strong social support network in our community
among seniors. Interested residents can visit TimeBank.linkAges.org to
attend an orientation. I think we have something on the Council Agenda in
the next few weeks. This month is Building Safety Month. Our Development
Services Department is pushing a safety awareness program to help
individuals, families and businesses understand what it takes to create safe,
reliant and affordable energy-efficient homes and buildings. That's all I have
to report. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. Congratulations to
Lalo. He's not here, but he will certainly hear about that. Adolescent
Counseling Services, not only have they been serving the community for 40
years, but it's important to note, especially since we just did [Human
Relations Commission] (HRC) interviews a little bit earlier this evening, that
it was the City in combination and concern with the Human Relations
Commission that launched Adolescent Counseling Services. This was a
number that came out at the event that really surprised me. They have
touched 62,000 lives over the period of their existence. Thank you also City
                                                                        Page 15 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/04/15
