                             TRANSCRIPT
them. I hear what you're saying, but it's one of the areas that I think we
should consider at least.

Mr. Ross: We can carry that sort of approach into the design phase and
treat it on an add alternate basis just to see what the exact cost is. There is
some tricky geology there. There are plumes and groundwater, so we'd
want to factor that in before we just make a blanket statement that it's 1.5
times more ...

Council Member Kniss: You're absolutely right about the plumes and so
forth. As far as going up to the 50, I think Mike just said this as well.
Staying within the three story does two things. It's less costly, correct?

Mr. Sartor: About $5 million, I believe, roughly.

Council Member Kniss: Every few million makes a difference. The question
there then also is—you said for a two-story which is probably what many of
us would prefer just because of the lower profile. With the two story, you're
saying we also will need a variance as far as land use? Tell us about it.

Mr. Sartor: Yes. Can you show the slide that shows the comparisons of the
two? As I recall, the two-story option does require a lot coverage variance,
where the three-story option fits within the zoning envelope. The additional
feature that the three-story building provides is a public plaza between the
two lots, which would be an amenity for the public. Just some comments on
that.

Council Member Kniss: A last question. How high is the County building?

Mr. Keene: Sixty-something feet.

Mr. Sartor: Is it 60 feet?

Council Member Kniss: I can't remember if it's four stories or five. It's ...

Mr. Sartor: We actually have a site view slide.

Mr. Keene: Why don't you show that? I think that really changes the look
of the three stories.

Mr. Sartor: On the left side is the three-story option. On the right side is
the two-story option with the Courthouse in front of both.

Mr. Keene: Option 1 is the three-story.



                                                                        Page 90 of 126
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/14/15
