                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I appreciate the update. I think this is a really
critical data stream, as others have said. One of many, but it's great to see
this one. I did check out the open data. It's really cool to see kind of the
public slice.     I did send you some issues.          You were saying you're
highlighting the need for data quality, so I totally get it. I appreciate you
coming with that. Also, thank you for this comparison sheet with other cities
in California. I think it's really useful to see how they handle nonprofits, how
they handle enforcement. Hopefully we'll use that tonight. I do want to
throw out an idea for colleagues. I'd actually like to see us consider
including in Phase 2 very small businesses that are engaged in home rentals,
kind of the Airbnb problem, over a certain level. If there was a way we
could say—I don't know what the number is—for example, $10,000 of
revenue a year or it's rented out so many days a year. I think it would be
good to start to get a handle on that data and collect the data. I do think
we should collect employee ID number.                  You talked about data
management, I mean security around that's important. I think maybe
explaining that security would be good if we're storing that field. That credit
card data, sometimes it's stored externally by other companies. Obviously
we've got to make sure those numbers stay confidential. I do think we
should register sole proprietorships without the Social Security number. For
home business, again, rather than cutting some of these out, I think I would
echo Council Member Wolbach in that I'd like to see us collect the data, but
perhaps not charge a fee.            Same thing for nonprofits and religious
organizations. In terms of enforcement, I did like—again, Huntington Beach,
for example, issues three levels of citation at different fine levels. I do think
we should talk about maybe a citation. I also like—almost all the cities use a
collection agency, so at some point—I mean we've sent out multiple notices.
You guys have called. At some point that should get off of Staff's hands. I
think some cities in here add the collection fee to the amount owed, so it's
not like we'd lose money to go to collection. It's a way to put some pressure
on without using up Staff time. Are you going to keep the commuting
questions that are in the survey?

Mr. Fehrenbach: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I would say we should keep the parking
questions. The one question, number of permits purchased by the company,
that one seems pretty clear, pretty easy to answer. I did have the idea that
the other question, number of dedicated spots, that might be the confusing
one. Maybe you guys can look at rewording it. Maybe you could add an
option to report if it's dedicated or shared spots. We would just understand
that when we collect the data. I think you're talking about bringing some of
these changes in on the renewal cycle in March. If you're not, I guess I
would suggest that's when we do these changes. When we do do renewal, I
                                                                         Page 21 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
