                          TRANSCRIPT
some really key east-west connections and, as I mentioned earlier, connect
the proposed Bay Trail to the Ridge Trail. Of that 10 million, about 1.5
million was allocated to implement the Matadero Creek Trail through Palo
Alto. First and foremost, this project was intended, as I mentioned, to
connect the two north-south trails; identify routes that are parallel to the
Matadero Creek Trail between US 101 and Alma Street; connect schools,
parks, employment and neighborhoods, and it was for the use of cyclists and
pedestrians. The intent of Santa Clara County at the time that this funding
was awarded was to create a new recreation connection that provided a
separate facility for bicycles and pedestrians. We're talking about a higher
quality trail-like facility, not something like bike lanes or more standard
treatments along roadways. This was intended to be more of a recreational-
type facility. Since 2012, we received the commitment of funding from the
County. We began the City process in 2013 with the engagement of
resident associations. We held a community kick-off in 2014, after we had
selected a consultant to do the feasibility study which was actually one of
the requirements of the County funding, that the City complete this
feasibility study to identify the alignment and some of the constraints and a
phasing plan for the corridor along the creek. In kind of late 2014, we had a
community kick-off meeting in the summer of 2014. The conversation
began to change in late 2014. As we started to meet with the community,
we really felt that it was important to take a little bit of a step back and
create a Citizen Advisory Committee, rebrand the project as the Midtown
Connector. That was done in order to prevent ourselves from locking
ourselves into one particular alignment over another. As we started to talk
to the community, we realized there were some other parallel corridors that
may make sense and were worthwhile taking a look at. We'll talk a little bit
more about those as we move on. The rebranding was really intended to
create more of a comprehensive study of that east-west connection through
the Midtown community and not lock ourselves into the creek corridor per
se. February 2015, we held a Citizen Advisory Committee meeting and then
again in the spring of 2015 we had our second community meeting. In
August of earlier this year, we met with the Santa Clara Valley Water
District. Following up with that, we did some additional constructability
analysis, and we had a second meeting with the Citizen Advisory Committee.
Sarah's going to go into a little bit more detail about the components of the
feasibility study and then talk about some of the challenges that we've
identified more recently.

Sarah Syed, Senior Planner: Thanks, Josh. As Josh mentioned, one of the
requirements of the County award was for the City to complete a feasibility
study. This creek trail is not identified as a project in the Bike Plan, but
identified as an item for which a feasibility study is required. The feasibility
study scope was quite broad, that we're currently undertaking. We sought
                                                                            Page 22 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
