                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “18.76.020 Architectural
Review (d)(1).”

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say that I think we were pretty
clear the last time the applicant was here. If you do resubmit, please listen
to what we're saying. I think we're trying to give you some feedback in
terms of scale and compatibility. I think what we're stuck in right now is
kind of very small revisions to find out exactly where the line is. In my
experience, projects go to the ARB. If they go too many times, they
grudgingly get approved. The ARB may have denied a project; I don't know
of one that they've denied. I think ultimately it'll come back to us, and
we're going to have to make a decision. I'd encourage you to listen and
engage with the ARB. I'll support this motion and the process to continue.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Burt, you had something additional?

Council Member Burt: Yes, just as a follow-on to that. We want to make
sure that the ARB also understands, which I think has been pretty clear
tonight, that we think that the ARB's authority goes beyond saying pretty
please. They are empowered and responsible for making findings that a
project is compliant per our Code. If a project isn't compliant, then they
should not recommend approval to us. It's not a question of "we tried, and
look we improved it here, here and here and, therefore, implicitly that
equates to compliance." It doesn't. We want to make sure the ARB
understands that.

Mayor Holman: I have just a couple of things. I think for us to be
consistent with other things that we've added to this motion—thank you for
all the additions—I think we have to add 18.76.020(d)(2). That is the
design is compatible with the immediate environment of the site. So much
of the other things that we're referencing actually point back to that one. If
the maker and seconder would approve that.

Council Member Scharff: That's fine.

Mayor Holman: And seconder?

Council Member Berman: Yep.

Mayor Holman: For the Clerk, that is (d)(2) under findings.



                                                                            Page 43 of 132
                                                              City Council Special Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/30/15
