                         TRANSCRIPT
water, and it will endanger the neighboring properties even more than
dewatering of a single house. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Thank you.         Our next speaker is Keith Bennett, to be
followed by Rita Vrhel.

Keith Bennett: I have a presentation that I wanted to show you. I'm trying
to figure out how to ... While we're—there we go. I'd like to thank people
for listening to my comments on this dewatering issue. What I'd like to
discuss tonight is some information that I found very recently, that is to say
in the last few days. There is a detailed study that has been made on the
San Francisquito sub-basin groundwater budget. My degree is in physics,
but what I'm going to talk about tonight is accounting. The storage change,
that is the amount of change of the water in the reservoir, is equal to the
inflow minus the outflow. I have the reference on this presentation which
has also been sent to all the Council Members along with the detailed, full
study that was done in East Palo Alto. What this shows is that the inflow for
the entire San Francisquito Creek sub-basin which covers Palo Alto, Menlo
Park, Atherton and Stanford and East Palo Alto—Palo Alto's part is about half
of that—is on the order of 7,000 acre feet a year. However, if the inflow is
not constant, it depends on whether or not we have a drought, so there's
three categories there, irrigation inflow, irrigation percolation and San
Francisquito Creek, that are highly sensitive to local rainfall and water
supplies. The other point I'd like to make is that almost 90 percent of the
inflow to the groundwater is local here; it doesn't come from somewhere
else. It's right here, local, the ground under our feet. For the outflows,
approximately 77 percent are through human use. Almost none of the water
flows to the Bay, despite statements from the City to the contrary. In this
report, an average year is 33 acre feet flow to the Bay. In contrast, Palo
Alto pumped roughly 400 acre feet of water for basement dewatering this
year and dumped all of that water to the Bay. This outflow does not include
future demands. It does not include other cities. It does not include
nonresidential construction, and it does not include the emergency water
supply. I should mention that most of the water in the sub-basin goes to
the deeper aquifer. Taking it out from the input means it's not available for
the deeper aquifer on which our emergency wells are based. That's it.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.
Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: The next slide is a comparison of what 112 to 140 million gallons
of water which was pumped by the 14 residential basement construction
projects last year. This is a football field including the goal posts which
would be 270 feet high. Hoover Tower, in comparison, is 280 feet high.

                                                                          Page 76 of 132
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                    Transcript 11/30/15
