                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure it's just the BMR units that mean you have to
add the parking garage. Is that what you're saying?

Council Member Filseth: That's a major piece of the argument which is once
you add the BMR units, there's enough parking needed that you outstrip the
ability to handle it on one level and you have to build the garage. You guys
were pretty clear about that.

Mr. Reich: I don't think that's the argument we're making at all. We're
saying that the project that the developer has proposed includes below-
grade parking. Because there are BMR units in the project, the below-grade
parking is included in the cost analysis.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. The project without the off-menu
concessions doesn't have a parking garage.

Mr. Reich: That's not necessarily true.

Ms. Campagna: May I address this? If you just look at the CS zoning for
commercial that's allowed on the site, which is 10,770 square feet. 4,000 of
it is required to be at-grade. You're required to have 4,000 commercial on
grade, so that's retail. The retail stays. Our retail, which is what we have
now, is 16.25 parking spaces. If you subtract that square footage of the
retail which is 3,250 from the 10,770, 7,000-something. You divide that by
250, your normal office number, you end up with 30 spaces. The retail
alone is 16 plus the office at 30, we're at 46 spaces already. You'll notice
our ground floor parking is only 34 spaces. That hasn't added any of the
residential in. The mixed-use zoning allows for 16,156 square feet of
residential. We're already at 46 spaces, which means we're underground.
That hasn't even added in the residential factor.

Council Member Filseth: That wasn't how I read this. Let me ask this. The
construction costs are dramatically different from the base project versus
the off-menu concessions project. In the text it says $6.2 million difference
or something like that. How much of that is the parking garage? If the
parking garage was already there, where does the $6.2 million come from?

Mr. Kawahara: The incremental cost you're referring to is the difference
between the proposed project versus the CS zoning alternative. Obviously
the proposed project is a larger project than the CS zoning alternative. The
total project costs would be higher. It's true as well that the proposed
project has no underground garage, which also is an added cost as
compared to our assessment of the CS zoning alternative. That is accurate.

Council Member Filseth: What's the construction cost of the garage?
                                                                     Page 130 of 145
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/15/15
