                             MINUTES
Council Member Kniss recalled that in the past the Council had a hard stop of
11:00 P.M. for Council meetings. Extending the meeting to 11:15 P.M. and
then to 11:30 P.M. required a Council vote. She requested referral of the
issue to the Policy and Services Committee. Because Council meetings
began at 6:00 P.M., Council Members were tired by 11:00 P.M.

Council Member Wolbach suggested utilizing the written record and
technology to avoid reading aloud at meetings. Anything that was read
aloud or prepared reports should be placed in the record unless there was a
real need to read it aloud. Digital clocks could be used to track time spent
on Agenda Items and to track Council Member comments. He proposed
scheduling Council meetings for the first and third Mondays only, and
reserving the second and fourth Mondays for items continued from meetings
held on the first and third Mondays.

Council Member DuBois proposed allocating times for presentations, utilizing
clocks, and limiting meetings to three hours. The Council needed to look at
the causes of exceptions and appeals, other ways that would shorten Council
meetings.

Vice Mayor Schmid submitted focusing on meetings and setting a hard stop
time of 11:00 P.M. for Council meetings. With the earlier release of packets,
Council Member questions were being answered and distributed earlier.
That should affect the number of questions Council Members asked during
Council meetings. Perhaps question and answer periods should also be
limited. The Chair should request time limits for each part of the Council
meeting.

Mr. Keene agreed with the need for a change in culture. The Council had to
rethink content delivery and participation or it would be impossible to make
any changes. Staff could provide their presentations technologically in
advance of Council meetings. One afternoon per month could be reserved
for Study Sessions. Council Members could attend those meetings remotely
or submit comments in writing for sharing during Study Sessions. He
encouraged the Council to consider new ways to deliver information so that
meetings could end earlier and allow better public participation.

Mayor Holman asked if the Council agreed to forward Council Member
Wolbach's suggestions to the Committee of the Whole.

Council Member Burt agreed with streamlining written presentations. The
Council discussed the use of timers a year ago and supported it. He stated
the workload would be cut in half was wishful thinking. Council meetings at
the beginning of the year did not reflect the workload over the course of the
year.
                                                                       Page 25 of 27
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                               Minutes: 01/31/2015
