                         TRANSCRIPT
hesitate to give them direction at tonight's forum. We are not right now
prepared to tell you what their legal requirements and contingencies are. I
recognize the desire to have our plans be consistent. Our Comp Plan will
have to be consistent with our adopted Urban Water Management Plan. I
don't think we can use tonight's discussion to give our Utilities colleagues
direction on that plan.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Let me just make a qualification. The Urban Water
Management Plan has to be approved by the Council. It has to be approved
before June, which means the work on it must be going on right now. It
seems silly not to have those two critical forecast pieces working together.
There must be some way of sharing the work ongoing on the Water
Management Plan with the CAC's work on the water outlook for Palo Alto.
The connecting link between the two is the City Council has to approve both
of them. Why isn't there a natural opportunity here for planning? Council
(crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: I'm not hearing the Planning Director saying anything different
than you. It's just the vehicle for doing that and the timing for doing that.
To be putting this into a Motion and a direction now as it's related to this
discussion on the Comp Plan, I'd rather see you guys at the end of the
meeting during Council Member Comments ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: My understanding is this is our only opportunity to
engage with the CAC before they sit down and start voting on issues,
discussing and voting on issues dealing with Natural Resources.

Mayor Holman: Can I interject just for a moment here please. We're going
to lose Council Member Scharff to another commitment. Can I suggest that
we split off vision from goals so that potentially at least the maker of the
Motion can participate in the Motion for the vision. Is that agreeable to
Council Member DuBois as seconder of the Motion? That we split off vision
from goals because we're going to lose Council Member Scharff and he made
the Motion.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Holman: Is that agreeable? Let's do that. We're going to divide
Vision Statement from goals. The current motion is only about Vision
Statement. Thank you for that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion, “and Goals” and “add
a Goal of Climate Change and Adaptation.”

                                                                       Page 45 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/9/15
