                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

Mayor Holman:       Additional reference to Item Number 12, the BID
Improvement District Resolution confirming report of the Advisory Board and
levying assessment for Fiscal Year 2016, has been continued to a date
certain of June 29. Making sure everybody's on the same page with that.

11.   Approval of a Construction Contract with Express Sign & Neon, Inc. for
      a Not to Exceed Amount of $327,558 for the Wayfinding Portion of the
      City Hall Remodel Project PE-12017 (Continued from April 13, 2015).

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mayor, Members of the
Council. Ed Shikada, Interim Assistant City Manager. I volunteered to make
the presentation this evening, because who better to speak to the impact of
wayfinding signs than a newcomer to the City. From that perspective, I'll
walk briefly through the slides we have for you this evening. First just in
terms of the areas that we'll cover. We'll briefly touch on the goals of the
project. Again wayfinding, perhaps not a common term for everyone, but
nonetheless somewhat intuitive, helping us especially for newcomers to any
environment navigate throughout a property. We'll review the existing gaps
around the Civic Center property, the designs and the locations, and also
drill down some on the sign types and the costs associated with different
categories of wayfinding signs. We have heard and we understand that
there may be some interest in reducing costs on the overall program, so
we'll speak to the individual components of the package. If it's desired, we
could discuss the possible deletion of some elements should the Council feel
prudent at this time. In terms of the goals of the project. First in terms of
the package as a whole, really recommending a contract package that
advances several goals. First designed again for the first time or infrequent
visitor to the City Hall property, recognizing that many of the visitors to City
Hall, in particular to the parking facility, are actually not destined for City
Hall itself, but for the University Avenue area. To provide a fresh a look for
a 45-year-old building. To touch upon the hodgepodge or the mix of signs
that have been developed over that period of time.            To provide and
emphasize an integrated color scheme that integrates with the City Hall
remodel project, which is nearing completion. Defining the building entry
points since we do have multiple entry points on the campus. Finally to
improve building ADA, Americans with Disability Act, compliance. I'm sure
for the Council in particular this is not a question you've asked yourself at
the City Hall property, "Where am I? How do I get back to my car?" I
suspect you as many of us have encountered people who have recently
come to the property and are trying to navigate their way, in particular to
the street, perhaps more so than those who are destined for City Hall itself.
Visitors as they may park, especially on the lower levels, are often seen
                                                                         Page 16 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
