                          TRANSCRIPT
that's going to be really hard to stop. Once again, I applaud the current City
Staff for looking at it closely, talking to the Water District. We met with the
Water District two years ago, and we knew that they had these concerns.
City Staff never met with the Water District, which just makes no sense to
me. Anyway, think about it carefully, think where it's going and sort of bring
things forward to the public that make a lot of sense. Anyway, thank you
and thanks again to the current City Staff. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. The last speaker is Julie Nolan.

Female: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Schmid: Thank you. This brings us to Council. Any comments
or questions? Do we want to do a round of five minutes? Council Member
Kniss, did you ...

Council Member Kniss: I'm not sure that we need a round of five minutes,
but it may happen. I certainly will end up at Option Number 3. Let me give
a little background on this from a different angle. The original part of this—I
know for our two new members, you wouldn't remember way back when.
This was actually voted on in 2000 just before current Supervisor Joe
Simitian left office.      The reason—it's complicated—that this money is
available is that when Stanford got the ability to do their current general use
permit, which was 2 million square feet of academic development and 3,000
housing units, part of the intent was to have two trails, one that would go to
the north, one that would go to the south. According to the GUP that I think
I can still quote chapter and verse, it says to cross Stanford land. It ended
up at the south trail which goes across on the far side of Page Mill was finally
agreed upon in 2011, which was almost 12 years later. There never was a
north trail. It's too complicated to go into because we discussed it at the
County for six years, that then went to San Mateo County for another five.
Finally they said "uncle" on that and awarded then what was $8 or $9
million. It's now 10, probably 10.5; it continued to grow. This all resulted
from the GUP of 2000. I'm not sure where they are at this point; I've been
gone for three years. I'm imagining that at some point in the next two or
three years, there will be another general use permit that comes forward.
When I look at this amount of money, which we voted on at the County and
what to do with it, this was very much for, even though this says
recreational trail, it also meant for commuters. They were very concerned
about commuters and how commuters would get across and be able to ride
south to Mountain View and Sunnyvale. Looking at this now, it seems to be
sort of a different animal than what we saw some time ago. I think Council
Member Scharff may have been—Greg, what year were you Mayor?


                                                                            Page 27 of 71
                                                             City Council Regular Meeting
                                                                      Transcript 11/9/15
