                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: It's incorporated. I believe the Amendment that's on the
floor now that has been proposed and seconded is "analyze if necessary
proposed changes to parking requirements for eating and drinking
establishment in line with other retail establishments." Isn't that what you
intended?

Council Member Wolbach:            It would actually be "to bring parking
requirements for eating and drinking establishments in the California Avenue
area in line with other retail establishments."

Council Member Scharff: I'm going to say that it was actually Mayor Holman
who said that you need to zone for what you want. The earlier thing about
let's look at the number of restaurants on California Avenue and have that
as a determination, to have an artificial ban, which this in effect does if we
say the parking requirements completely prohibit it. The way I calculate it,
it was close to 17 spaces per 1,000 square feet. That's basically a ban. We
definitely don't want to do that. That flies in the face of what we're trying to
accomplish and also makes no sense given that we've just expanded the
sidewalks to allow more tables on all of these places. We should definitely
make this change, to go ahead and look at this and understand what it does
and see where it goes.

Council Member DuBois: A couple of thoughts here. First of all, restaurants
are already 30 percent of the entire district. Encouraging more restaurants
before we provide more parking, I'm not sure is the right thing to do. The
parking assessment district is closed. When we build more lots, we'll be
opening a new assessment district. To me, that's the right time to make this
kind of change, not right now. I won't be supporting the Amendment.

Council Member Burt: I'd be comfortable with asking the Planning and
Transportation Commission and Staff to look at what would be appropriate
levels of parking for restaurants, but this Motion says "in line with other
retail establishments." I don't think we have any data that says that they
only need as much parking as other retail establishments. We may be
asking them to over-park currently, and this very possibly would be allowing
them to under-park. I couldn't support it, and I don't think it's appropriate.
That's bad planning. We do have parking problems there at noon, and that's
when the restaurants are full. Clearly, Cal. Ave. has a major parking
problem at noontime. If you aren't familiar with it, you need to go down
there at noon.

Council Member Wolbach:    I would be willing to accept that as an
Amendment. Rather than bringing it in line with other establishments, "to


                                                                         Page 71 of 123
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/18/2015
