                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I think evaluate is fine.

Council Member Scharff: I'd be comfortable with evaluate.           That would
make me much more comfortable.

Council Member Burt: I'm fine with that.

Mayor Holman: "To evaluate policies" on the second line.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part C, “develop” with
“evaluate.”

Council Member Scharff: That's what I had.

Mayor Holman: Vice Mayor Schmid.

Vice Mayor Schmid: I've been concerned about Goal L-6, conservation and
preservation of historical buildings. The goal is great, but I note whenever
you read either the text for the policies and programs in there, they get very
specific about the 400 buildings of historical merit in the City's Historical
Inventory site, which are the result of a study taken 30 years ago. I am just
astounded that places that are of historical importance to Palo Alto and
Silicon Valley, like the Fairchild Building, the Federal Telegraph Building,
don't get on that list, aren't mentioned in any of these texts. I'd like to just
add in "A" after "guidelines," this is for minor updates to give the CAC a hint
we're interested in historical structures that capture critical moments in the
evolution of Palo Alto and Silicon Valley.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Holman, if I can just ask a question? I'm just trying to
discern if the Vice Mayor's suggestion is that we just make a modest revision
to the existing goal on historic resources. Is that your suggestion or you
want another ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: I think this is to give a hint to the CAC that as they do
programs and policies, these are elements that should be included in. That's
what I've interpreted.

Ms. Gitelman: I had understood Paragraph A was really direction on vision
and goals.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Would it be better to put that as a separate letter?

Ms. Gitelman: It's up to you.

Mayor Holman: Would you care to do that Council Member, Vice Mayor?
                                                                         Page 91 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/2/15
