                         TRANSCRIPT

They're like, "Geez," freaking out. If you get those changes in first, then
they'll move in, they're already there, existing conditions. They'll be more
comfortable with what's there. On the bike share, the ubiquity of stations is
really key. Paris is a really great system. Obviously it's a much different
city; it's a huge city. I was there a year ago or so, and anywhere I wanted
to be within a 5-10 minute walk, there was a bike share station. I used to
take the metro every time I went to Paris. It's stinky, it's crowded, it's hot.
I'll take the bike share from now on. It was great, a really wonderful
experience. Having stations everywhere you need to go is important. The
cost was something like $10 for a week of rental, and you had the first half
hour free of your ride. Pretty much anywhere you needed to go was in
about a half hour. It was a really great system. Someone mentioned the
possibility of closing streets on some occasional basis. That can be really
controversial, but it can also be really successful. Curitiba, Brazil, did an
experiment with that in the '70s, and drivers and businesses freaked out.
You're going to destroy our city. The mayor managed to do it anyways.
Now, I was there a couple of years ago. It's full of people, full of shoppers.
It looks like Downtown Palo Alto, extremely successful. It goes for miles and
miles and miles. I also would support the Vision Zero. I think that's a great
project. Thanks to the City Staff and the Council for all your supportive
comments. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Thank you to Staff, Sara and Josh both. You've
got a good plan in front of you. I think you heard some very positive
comments tonight from Council Members as well as public ...

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Holman, could I ask one question that they
could get back to us with?

Mayor Holman: Sure, of course.

Council Member Kniss: Can we close down streets? I occasionally see
people riding under Oregon with the overpass, where it's unbelievably
unsafe. Is that something we can do, to say no bikes? You can answer that
at another time; you don't have to answer it tonight. Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Can I just add as a follow-on to that? San Francisco does
something called Sunday Streets. They move it all around town.

Council Member Kniss: Simply says no bikes?

Mayor Holman: They open the street up to pedestrians, skateboarders,
whatever, and have all kinds of activities. It's really ....
                                                                         Page 26 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript 10/26/15
