                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: Do you care to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I think this is solid.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, speak to your second?

Council Member DuBois: Yes. Council Member Wolbach focused in on
exactly ... I just want to make sure this language is clear. The Staff Report
in the text, it says basically the intention is that the Planning Director could
approve CEQA determinations for projects on which she has the authority to
approve the project. The way I read the text in 18.30.010, I don't think it
quite says that. If it said that the "decision maker as delegated in the Code
shall have the authority," I think that makes sense. The "or Director" seems
like a different meaning. If the intent was whoever has project authority can
approve CEQA and we're just codifying what actually happens, I think we're
good with that. Could legal maybe speak to that language? I mean, it
seems like it should be clear that it's the decision maker that has the CEQA
authority.

Mr. Lait: The only two entities in the City that can make a decision on CEQA
are the Director of PCE and the City Council.

Council Member DuBois: We're saying in the cases where the PCE has
decision authority, then they can do CEQA. That's not really what this
sentence says.

Mr. Lait: The PCE Director or the decision maker delegated in the Code.
The Director can make a decision, but that decision can get appealed. Now
you're the decision maker in those scenarios.

Council Member DuBois: Shouldn't we say the PC Director when they have
the authority to be decision maker?

Mr. Lait: Which is for every project that we process. ARB looks at them, but
they make recommendations.

Council Member DuBois: There's no class of project that automatically
would come to Council or to some other decision maker?

Mr. Lait: Site and design is a project that would come to you, but that's
where you're the decision maker. That's another ...

Council Member DuBois: Right, but there's still this "or." Again, if you just
read the language, in that case, the Director could approve it.


                                                                         Page 94 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 12/7/15
