                          TRANSCRIPT
Russ Reich, Planning Manager: Yes. Good evening. Thank you, Mayor
Holman and Council Members.              Russ Reich, Planning Manager for
Development Services. This evening you're being requested to consider the
applicant's proposal of a rezoning of the former VTA site from Public Facility
to Community Commercial (CC(2)). The rezoning of the site would facilitate
the future development of the property. They have proposed a schematic
design for you in your packets and plans as well as the applicant's narrative.
It includes a new four-story building with four residential units. The building
would be approximately 50 feet high and contain 32,456 square feet. A little
information about the site and the context. Here you can see adjacent
issues include the Sunrise Assisted Living Facility, the Silverwood
Condominium complex. Across the street, you have the AT&T store as well
as the recently approved 441 Page Mill project. You also have across El
Camino the soccer fields. Kitty-corner from that is the Palo Alto Square
office complex. This slide shows you the existing context, the vacant
parking lot, the adjacent uses, as seen from the intersection of Page Mill and
El Camino Real. Here you have the conceptual image of what could be built
under the applicant's proposed zoning of CC(2). In this slide you have all
the various zoning districts that do surround the site. Commonly along El
Camino you see Service Commercial as well as Neighborhood Commercial.
You have some Community Commercial up closer to the Cal. Ave. area. A
number of PC developments surrounding the site. This slide provides a
comparison of the CS and the CC(2) zoning, kind of highlighting the
differences in the allowable commercial square footage. With that, I will
turn it over to the applicant for their presentation. Thank you.

Mayor Holman: Who will be speaking for the applicant? I see Ken Hayes
and ...

Jeff Pollock, Vice President, Pollock Financial, Applicant: Jeff Pollock.

Mayor Holman: ... Jeff Pollock. You will have—remind me, Cara, how many
minutes. Is it ten?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Yes, ten.

Mayor Holman: Ten minutes.

Mr. Pollock: Starting now?

Mayor Holman: Starting whenever your screen is ready.

Mr. Pollock: Pretty formidable looking group up there. Good to see you,
distinguished Council Members and Staff. I am Jeff Pollock, and I am here
representing Pollock Financial Group and our investors for the project at
                                                                          Page 43 of 101
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/15/15
