                             MINUTES
Ms. Gitelman clarified that CS Zoning allowed a certain FAR of residential
space but did not require a specific FAR. The proposed amount was less
than the allowable residential FAR. The total cost of site development was
built into the analysis.

Mayor Holman believed the Council should require the total square footage
of housing allowed under CS Zoning before allowing concessions for
additional BMR units that converted the amount allowed under the Code.

Mr. Kawahara reiterated that in the straight CS Zoning alternative, Kaiser
Marston determined that the project that would yield the highest return for
the Applicant, i.e., the project the Applicant would most likely build without
concessions, would be something less than the maximum permitted under
CS Zoning. In the analysis, Kaiser Marston concluded that the developer
would build the most amount of office permitted, the 0.4 FAR, and would
reduce the amount of residential to the point that it would not trigger
underground parking. Kaiser Marston concluded that the base case project
was the one the Applicant would most likely build.

Mayor Holman wished to define the TDM Program as an enforceable
program.

Ms. Gitelman reported the TDM Program was presently included as a
Condition of Approval, so it would be enforced through regular Code
enforcement procedures. If it was not implemented, Staff would use Code
enforcement Staff to encourage voluntary compliance and take steps if that
was not successful. If the Council wanted to recast that Condition of
Approval as an agreement between the parties, Staff could investigate that
with the Applicant.

Mayor Holman wanted something that indicated an enforcement mechanism.
The City had several projects with TDM agreements that were not
enforceable.

Ms. Gitelman stated all programs were enforceable through the Code
enforcement mechanism, which included the potential to levy fines if
Conditions of Approval were not complied with. If the Council wanted
something more, then she needed clarification.

Mayor Holman expressed concern about the trees being on the inside of the
sidewalk and asked if the Applicant could incorporate some type of design
component to create a canopy or barrier between the street and the
sidewalk.


                                                                        Page 33 of 39
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Minutes: 1/26/2015
