                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'll begrudgingly accept it. I think they've
already proposed it, and it's in our Staff Report tonight. I don't (crosstalk).
It's something that should come back to us for further discussion maybe
midway through or towards the end of the next year. It's certainly not
urgent at this moment.

Vice Mayor Schmid: That's the intention.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to propose a
reduction mechanism to decrease employee permit sales based on progress
with other traffic reduction programs, and come back to Council with a
proposed annual reduction formula. (New Part H)

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion at the beginning of Part H,
“During Phase 2 implementation.”

Vice Mayor Schmid: If there are no further amendments ...

Council Member Kniss: You're hoping we might have a vote?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. I think we are ready to move on. Let me just in
general run down what we have about ...

Council Member Kniss: Did you suggest we vote? I must not have heard
you, Greg.

Vice Mayor Schmid: Yes. I'm saying I see no more amendments on the
table, so we're turning to the amended motion. It includes the Staff
recommendation with the changes of the 2,000 but with not the decreasing
reductions each year. We have changed "Cb" to read not concentric rings
but to micro zones. We have added "F," a series of directions for the Staff
to evaluate and come back with data and recommendations on number of
employees, variable pricing and distribution mechanism. We scheduled that
for some time in January or February. We also said that in the next year as
we get into the implementation of Phase 2 to look at a proposed reduction
mechanism. With that, all in favor. That passes unanimously 5-0. Thank
you again very much for all your efforts.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:              5-0 Berman, Filseth, Holman, Scharff
not participating

Council Member Kniss: Greg, you started to talk about our 10:30 issue.

Vice Mayor Schmid: We should get everybody back.
                                                                       Page 78 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
