                         TRANSCRIPT
the building next to it could theoretically, if it were developed as a mixed-
used building and there was some FAR relief and so forth, go to 50 feet. The
exceptional circumstance is because of that, this one could theoretically go
to 50 feet. My question is how about the next one in line. If this one can
theoretically go to 50 feet, then is there an extraordinary or unusual
circumstance to the next building over, because ...

Mr. Lew: No. The next building over, the two properties down to the right,
if you're looking straight at the building, would also get the 50-foot height
limit, because they're next to Palo Alto Central.

Council Member Filseth: How about the one on the other side of that? I'm
asking how far the chain extends.          If the theoretical extraordinary
circumstance is this building might go above the limit, then how about the
next one? Theoretically it might go above the limit, so the next one might
theoretically go above the limit, and so the third one might theoretically go
above the limit.    The extraordinary or exceptional circumstance would
extend all the way down the street.

Mr. Lew: My understanding is this is the only one. I could maybe ask Staff
to correct me. I did look at the zoning map.

Council Member Filseth: You understand what I’m asking, right?

Mr. Lew: Yeah, I understand where you're going. The issue is any parcel in
CC(2) that's next to Palo Alto Central, which is RM-40 zoning, could go up.
This is the only one in my mind that is not directly adjacent to Palo Alto
Central.

Council Member Filseth: As long as you run out of buildings on the street,
then it's not an issue.

Mr. Lew: Yes, I see what you're getting at. Another consideration too, all
the buildings across the street are PCs and PFs. That's also another factor
too, and they've all been built at four stories.

Council Member Scharff: Just following up on this exceptional/extraordinary
circumstances.   In general, do we treat exceptional and extraordinary
circumstances as different things in the past? Do you know?

Mr. Lew: I don't. I'm not prepared to answer that.

Council Member Scharff: We're not asking Staff right now, right? We're just
asking Board Member Lew. I was curious if the ARB had—you've been on
the Board a while, right?

                                                                      Page 38 of 103
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/1/15
