                             MINUTES
increased while tax revenues grew at a faster pace. In 2016, tax revenues
comprised 56 percent of all revenues.        By 2025, tax revenues would
comprise approximately 60 percent of all revenues. By the end of the
forecast period, Staff projected tax revenues would comprise a larger share
of all revenues. In 2005, Sales Tax receipts comprised the largest share of
all tax revenues at 38 percent. Property Tax receipts were the second
largest share at 28 percent. By 2016, Sales Tax and Property Tax would
shift positions for two reasons. Starting in FY 2015, the former revenue
stream from Motor Vehicle License Fees was shifted over three years to
Property Tax. Property Tax receipts had increased faster than Sales Tax
receipts during the prior 11 years. The following year, Property Tax receipts
were expected to comprise about one-third of all tax revenues. Due to the
recent voter-approved tax rate increase, the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT)
represented a larger share of all tax revenues. Over the next ten years,
Property Tax receipts were projected to comprise an even larger share of tax
revenues. This was primarily due to the forecast model which considered 20
years of actual revenue receipts and projected them forward. As part of the
historical analysis, Property Tax receipts were projected to increase faster
than the other two major tax revenues. Salary and benefits comprised
approximately two-thirds of annual expenditures. The forecast assumed an
annual 2 percent salary increase for planning purposes only. Staff expected
pension, medical, and retiree healthcare costs to rise substantially faster
than salaries.     Therefore, the City needed to continue working with
bargaining groups to reduce the cost escalation of benefits.

The City had reached successful agreements with bargaining groups to
establish a tiered pension system, to have most employees pay pension
costs, and to cap annual healthcare increases for most bargaining units. As
a result, the City contained today's costs; however, the City had to continue
to work to contain future costs. Over the next ten years, Staff projected a
positive fiscal outlook. Staff recommended the Council accept the LRFF and
refer the City's unfunded pension and retiree healthcare liabilities to the
Finance Committee for strategic discussion.

Council Member Berman advised that the Finance Committee assumed
colleagues would want to provide input for analysis of unfunded liabilities.

Council Member Burt noted the City had large unfunded liabilities. Reducing
those liabilities would be an important long-term decision. The Council
should begin the process of determining whether to build that into long-
range planning and provide guidance to the Finance Committee. He asked if
the projection for growth of Property Tax revenue was slightly less than 6
percent per year.


03/09/2015                                                             117- 80
