                         TRANSCRIPT
moved, seconded by Council Member, to contribute support of $5 million
from revenue sources which shall consist of the sale of Transfer of
Development Rights similar to the transaction for the Palo Alto History
Museum and Community Center Impact Fee funds as opposed to
"determined by Staff." That would go there. Towards the 18 million
Avenidas capital campaign to make necessary seismic and other
improvements to the existing building, etc., etc., for two fiscal years. I
actually think I want a period after "years," and I want to have another
sentence that says—I actually defer to the Mayor on this—"the sale of the
TDRs shall fund seismic improvements and" what did you say? Do you think
that's necessary to put in there?

Mayor Holman: It's by ordinance that both ...

Council Member Scharff: We don't need to put in it if it's by ordinance.

Mayor Holman: We don't need to, because by ordinance both the seismic
and rehabilitation TDRs have to be used for those purposes.

Council Member Scharff: That's what I thought, but I just wanted to make
sure. I would just leave it there. Moved, seconded by Council Member, to
which shall consist of Transfer, yeah, similar to the Palo Alto History
Museum.     It's basically the language under the funding options and
considerations there.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Kniss, will you accept the amendment?

Council Member Kniss: No, I'm probably going to surprise the Council
Member. I'm not going to, because I think that we're going to get into a
discussion about density. When we sell TDRs, we are selling density. It's
probably a good opportunity tonight to see where we are on Transferable
Development Rights.

Mayor Holman: I will second it.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Holman
to replace in the Motion, “to be determined by Staff” with “which shall
consist of Transferable Development Rights (TDRs) and Community Center
Impact Fee Funds.”

Mayor Holman: Do you need to speak further to the amendment, Council
Member Scharff?

Council Member Scharff: I do. I think I would hope that Council Member
Kniss would reconsider this. I think that we really need to fund this, and we

                                                                       Page 86 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
