                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: First, thanks for the presentation. I am impressed
with all that you're doing; it's a lot. Keep up this aggressive plan. I first
wanted to follow onto a couple of comments by Council Member Berman and
Vice Mayor Schmid. Their comments caused me to think about maybe
framing it slightly differently. We tend to put art in prominent locations,
locations with high foot traffic, at fronts of buildings, at entrances to great
public facilities. The comments that I heard from them made me think that
we should also be thinking as much about where it's needed and where it
would take something that's lacking and make it rich. I don't have the
answers as to what those locations would necessarily be, but it's a different
perspective on where we might locate art. I also was glad to hear that in
the Art Master Plan there's an involvement with youth. We just finished
meeting with our Youth Council. I don't know whether the Commission has
had a role in events like Youth Speaks Out. If you're not familiar with it, it's
a great annual event that is at the Art Center. Some of the pieces have
rotated at public businesses around town. Whether it's that engagement or
other engagements that you might be able to creatively think of, it would be
great to see how you could help both validate and recognize our youth who
are participating in art. That validation of their work would mean a lot. As
you have youth who are in a community, they're being driven by a value
structure that says what matters most is their SAT scores and which schools
they got into. Having leaders in the art community validate what they're
doing could matter to them. I'd encourage you to do that. Finally on the
piece that we're going to have in the front lobby, Conversation, I don't know
whether there's an intention to include community art and perhaps youth art
as part of what's rotated there in images. Already I'm seeing heads nod, so
I'm hoping that nodding is that it's already part of the plan.

Ms. Ross: I'm nodding that it's an excellent idea. If we have the means to
put a photo ...

Council Member Burt: I didn't know whether it was "a good idea" nod or
"we're already doing it" nod.

Ms. Ross: No.

Council Member Burt: Either way, same purpose. Great. Thanks a lot.

Ms. Ross: I wanted to say that we have the means to put photographs up.
The default screen is a series of photographs. It is wonderful, the notion of
interspersed with faces of people actual representation of art as a creative
expression of who they are, so it's like it is, in some ways, a portrait.

Council Member Burt: I also meant the art pieces too. As I think about it,
recognizing the artist and the art. Both sound good.
                                                                          Page 11 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 05/27/15
