                          TRANSCRIPT
heart. We're going to need adults in the room to help make that decision,
and then in a democracy support by the voters whose tax dollars this is.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you, Mr. Guardino, for being here today.

Mr. Guardino: It's my pleasure.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for accepting our invitation to come
and speak to us about this. A couple of things. We did submit a modest 23
projects, which I still think was a lot. The reason we submitted 23 projects
was because VTA told us, "Throw the kitchen sink at us. That's what we
want. We want every possible project you can conceive of to be on the list."
In order to make sure that our key priorities weren't lost in that list of 23, as
you may be aware, we did highlight four priorities which were not exactly
drawn from that list, but were more conceptual priorities, the four types of
projects we'd like to see focused on in any funding stream. The one clear
leader followed by three others that were maybe roughly tied, but the one
clear leader was funding for Caltrain; both ridership improvements as you've
highlighted some of the other needs besides grade separation, as well as
grade separation in Palo Alto, not to the exclusion of other cities in the
county. Certainly we want to make sure that there will be come money
dedicated that Palo Alto will be able to access. We also want to make sure
that it's very clear for everybody that when we talk about grade separations
and funding for that, we'd like to be able to have flexibility about how that's
used. If we decide to do some self-help and self-funding to pay for the
Cadillac version and put the train in a trench or a tunnel, the funding would
still be there as an option to us if we choose that, because that's the right
way to grade separate in Palo Alto. Of course, our other three priorities,
bike and pedestrian improvements, first and last mile improvements, and
support for something that VTA has taken a wonderful step in saying that
they're going to try and do which is more support for transit management
associations, like the one we just started here in Palo Alto and Mountain
View has up and running, and also for other TDM, transportation demand
management, efforts. You'll notice all of those are about mode shift.
They're all about getting people out of their cars. You'll notice what's not on
that list is widening the expressways. Now, that doesn't mean that some
money for widening expressways and it doesn't mean money for BART isn't
necessary in some places in Santa Clara County. Right here, the goal has to
be how are we going to get people who are commuting here out of their cars
and, in order to make sure that Palo Alto isn't split in half by more frequent

                                                                         Page 78 of 101
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/15/15
