                          TRANSCRIPT

transportation and other issues. That is a pretty broad restriction as you
note. We did not carve out something that says you can do it if it's
anonymous. That was not our intention.

Mayor Holman: I didn't mean specifically regarding blogging. I just meant
anybody who sent in comments too. Those are not anonymous?

Ms. Gitelman: If you're asking whether we encourage people or said that it
was okay for them to violate the Brown Act as long as they did it
anonymously, the answer is no.

Mayor Holman: No, no. I'm sorry.        People who are not members of the
Committee sending in comments.

Ms. Gitelman: People can comment on our digital commenter, the platform
we've created for receiving comments. They can comment anonymously.
They're not treated in the same way as comments that are attributed. They
won't be shared with other members of the public. They just come to Staff,
and we put them in the file. The digital commenter is a platform that we've
designed, that we want people to actually sign their comments.

Mayor Holman: When Council Member DuBois makes his motion—because
that's my last comment—I hope that we wouldn't allow anonymous
comments. I can't imagine why anybody wouldn't feel free to comment on
the Comp Plan and have to have the veil of anonymity. I appreciate your
trying to get people to participate, but I think that's not a positive aspect of
this.

Council Member DuBois: I emailed it to you, David. I kind of like the idea of
the buck stops with us, which is why I'm proposing that we do this ourselves
directly, so that we're responsible. I'd also like to note just quickly when we
had those two conversations about criteria, age wasn't a criteria we agreed
on. I don't even remember it coming up. Here's my motion. For Council to
directly appoint five CAC members using criteria specifically focused on
increased involvement of more neighborhoods south of Oregon Expressway,
with a focus on neighborhood association involvement. Anyone can apply
using the previous application form. I'm happy to wordsmith some of this.
The timeline proposed is accept applications through September 25th, have
it come back to Council in two weeks. We would vote ...

Council Member Burt: September 25th (inaudible)?


                                                                        Page 122 of 136
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/17/15
