                          TRANSCRIPT
criteria for approval under Chapter 16.48 or any specific requirement of the
Municipal Code.

Council Member Burt: That's the same Code that the City Attorney just read
from. The crux is interpretation of what it means that unless it's necessary
in order to meet the findings.

Mr. Popp: If I may?

Council Member Burt: Yeah.

Mr. Popp: My interpretation was that if we couldn't meet the findings, we
could ask the Applicant to go back and reduce the amount of square footage
that they were proposing. We got to a point where we were able to make
the findings, so we did not go there.

Council Member Burt: Thanks. Final questions, I believe they're my final
questions are for Mr. Hayes. You made a point of emphasizing that this
project is not required to mimic architectural designs surrounding it. I agree
fully with that, but I wasn't sure. You sounded like you were responding to
claims that it was required to mimic it.

Mr. Hayes: No, no, no. It was really coming from some of the discussions
during the ARB process from the appellant, indicating that we have a
Victorian and a Queen Anne neighborhood of Category 3 and 4 historic
buildings. I see no reflection of that in this building. I just was responding
that that was not a requirement.

Council Member Burt: I couldn't find in the Appellant's language anything
about mimicking. It comes down to what we mean by respecting those and
what compatibility is. It's a misrepresentation to say anybody was claiming
it should be a mimicking. I couldn't find anything in the record.

Mr. Hayes: In the ARB notes.

Council Member Burt: In the Appellant's appeal...

Mr. Hayes: It's probably not in the Appellant's...

Council Member Burt:... or the ARB notes. I couldn't find it anywhere about
saying it ought to mimic. You also said that the President Hotel is across the
street.

Mr. Hayes: It's in the block across the street.


                                                                       Page 61 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
