                          TRANSCRIPT
enough how important it is that we think not as an afterthought but from the
beginning about all of our infrastructure and how it is future-proofed.
Infrastructure investments are designed to be long term. If we're looking at
50 years out or more for infrastructure, we need to think about how all of
our infrastructure, from small projects to large ones, will be impacted by
changes like a significantly higher sea level. Not just a moderately, but a
significantly higher sea level. Palo Alto has been doing our part to mitigate
our greenhouse gases. We can be very proud of that. There's discussions in
Paris and all of that, but to a certain degree we're screwed. Sea level rise is
coming. Water insecurity is a very serious possibility. Fire risk is a very
serious possibility. I just want to make sure that we don't defer to other
generations and we don't defer to other departments, but that we're thinking
about climate change adaptation in our Public Works Department and in all
of our infrastructure planning. I know that we are to a degree. Again, just
want to make sure it's top level.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Council Member, Madam Mayor. Thank you for
those comments. The Staff recommendations, of course, include adding a
new Project Manager position to the Staff. I think that's also in the spirit
that our Staff here does try to, as much as possible, not only hold to the
high standards of the Council and the community about the work we do,
whether it's providing a service or building a new building, but also to be
cognizant of costs and to be fiscally prudent. That being said, we could
always get down the road and find that we haven't successfully identified
every bit of capacity that may be necessary. In one sense, I think the
Council plays a role in that too. I think this is an instance where one of the
most important things for the Council will be to be as decisive as you
possibly can on some of the choices as they're presented. We're very clear
here that time is money in a big way. I've been pleased with the level of
care and analysis the Staff, Mike and his team and the finance folks and with
Ed's leadership, has been putting on these projects. As one of the Council
Members said in a different context the other night, the old cliché about the
perfect being the enemy of the good is true. I think we should be careful
about how much—we should treat time as a really precious resource, I guess
is what I'm saying. It should be factored in when we're thinking about the
other things that we are trying to achieve and we shouldn't ignore it all.
We're already paying a price for the fact that things are really good and
prices are going up. I think we did neglect maybe to—not neglect. We
didn't mention, when we were talking about the fact that the economy may
not always stay in this position and revenues may fall, the same thing could
happen on the other side of things too, which is the price escalation could
fall if the economy falls also. It's not always—sometimes things do find a
sense of balance even when it's bad news. I think that's one of the most
critical things. These are your priorities. Everything looks like you're
                                                                         Page 16 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
