                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Holman: if you might certainly read over this. I think it looks like
you did a great job trying to capture this. If you could confirm that. Council
Member Burt, I heard your second. We'll get to you in just a moment.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to direct Staff to prepare two Ordinances substantially in the form of
the draft Ordinances regulating hazardous materials users and establishing a
schedule for amortizing a nonconforming use, to be reviewed by the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and consideration by the City
Council at a noticed Public Hearing before the end of February 2016 with the
exception that Staff be directed to prohibit Tier 3 uses. Direct Staff to work
with neighborhood stakeholders and Communications & Power Industries,
LLC (CPI) to explore whether there is a resolution that could add substantial
neighborhood protections such as better communication tools and/or a
shorter period to eliminate the plating shop from the site while considering
CPI’s concerns about the 2026 date.

Mayor Holman: Is this ...

Council Member Scharff: It's not exactly. I'll go down and work with them
to get it exactly right, unless you want me to just tell them right now.

Mayor Holman: If there's much that you have to change, then it'd be good if
you step down there.

Council Member Scharff: I'll just go down and do that.

Mayor Holman: Judging from ...

Council Member Burt: Do you want to speak further to it?

Council Member Scharff: Yeah, that's what I thought I'd do first but, yeah,
just following (inaudible). I think this is a good resolution. What I want to
say is that I'm not sure that there's not more of a win-win situation here. I
don't want that to delay the process. I feel it's been delayed enough for the
neighborhood. I want everyone to know it's moving forward, we're getting
that. In my mind, it may be a better resolution if the plating shop left
earlier and there was maybe a longer or slightly longer period of
amortization frankly or some sort of a deal.           That depends on the
neighborhood. It depends on how it's worked out. Otherwise, you could
have a situation where the plating shop is there until 2052, and there is no
resolution that's satisfactory, that it's just moved 300 feet.       If that's
completely satisfactory to the neighborhood, that's one thing. If that's not
satisfactory, there may be some sort of a solution that works better. There

                                                                           Page 73 of 95
                                                            City Council Special Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/16/15
