                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Burt: There are a number of things that I don't think we
have enough information on to decide tonight. I would want to include
these to be directed back to Staff and the stakeholder group for
consideration. One we might do. Let me take a pause before I put up these
ones for further review. This kind of aligns to what Council Member DuBois
was talking about, which is the difference between a Downtown RPP and a
neighborhood program. To me the basic difference is whether you sell
worker permits in it.       We heard this from the outset from some
neighborhood leaders in the neighborhoods that were outside of the
impacted area when we put this in. I said, "We're going to have serious
disruptions when we put this in, and we're going to have to figure out how to
contend with them." I think it's reasonable for folks who live in the
Downtown areas, who have generally, historically had some amount of
overflow to get back a reasonable amount of parking on their streets, but
there still may be some worker parking. I don't think it's reasonable to
create a new problem for these adjacent neighborhoods. I would support
not selling worker permits in the additional annexed areas. I'd like to make
that as one motion.

Council Member Kniss: I think that's a possibility. I'd like to hear from Staff
though about not selling worker permits in that area and what ...

Vice Mayor Schmid: Could I ask a clarifying question? Does that include the
yellow dotted areas where petitions have already moved?

Council Member Burt: It would be all the areas outside of the original
boundaries, meaning all the areas that didn't have a problem before we put
this Program in place.

Mr. Mello: The RPP Code section actually allows other neighborhoods to
create Programs. It creates a similar process to this where a stakeholder
committee is convened, and it allows neighborhoods the option to not allow
employee parking. Basically the sky's the limit as far as how we could craft
a Program to meet the needs of the individual neighborhoods. That being
said, it sounds almost as if you're recommending a new Program that would
have separate rules and regulations. That is permitted under the current
Ordinance. It would be an entirely separate Program, it sounds like, with
different rules and regulations from the Downtown RPP.

Council Member Burt: The only difference I can think of is that you don't sell
worker permits in those areas.

Council Member DuBois: Can I make a comment on that?

Vice Mayor Schmid: Council Member DuBois.
                                                                       Page 63 of 126
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/14/15
