                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman:   If health and well-being is included, I don't think there's a
difference.

Council Member Scharff: Now, I guess I want to talk about Policy C-28 then.
What I understood Staff to be saying in this is that we are doing the Parks
and Recreation Trails, Open Space Master Plan. It's a technical issue. As we
go through this and we develop that, there will be technical, substantive
answers to the questions about how many park space per individual and
other questions as well. If we just use the quantitative standards that were
developed in the 1990s, we won't have the benefit of that. I guess what I
was going to ask is were those 1990 era quantitative standards based on
anything or where they basically Council and Staff just pulling out? Do we
not remember what they were based on?

Ms. Gitelman: I think it was based on national standards promulgated by
the group that's cited in the Staff Report. They're just frankly dated. Our
suggestion was if we're going to look at revising them, that we do that in the
Parks Master Planning process. For now, we leave them as is. The park
experts and the community, as part of the Park Master Planning effort, could
look at updating them as needed at that time.

Mr. Dennis: If I may add to that. There's been a substantial change in
thinking in the parks community about whether or not the standards as
they're currently reflected in the Comp Plan are the ones to use or ones not
to us. Our recommendation in the Staff Report is pointing towards the Parks
Master Planning process, because it will look into that in much more depth.
That will give, I think, much more clarity to the kind of thinking that may be
now available related to whether or not this makes sense or not. That's why
we were pointing in that direction. We thought let's let them do their work,
let's see what it says.      That might make more sense than having a
deliberative process without all of that information available to you today.

Council Member Scharff: This would come back to us then? If we went the
route that Staff suggested, this would come back to us? When is the—I
guess the question is when is the Park Master Plan going to be done?

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director:             Good evening, Council
Members. Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services. We hope to have
a draft Master Plan to the Council for review in the spring of 2016.

Council Member Scharff: Why should we make this decision now? Why are
you asking us to make it tonight? What's the point? I mean, shouldn't we
be waiting until we get the Parks Master Plan in the spring and we'd look at
this and say ...

                                                                       Page 63 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/5/15
