                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: What we can do with—I can answer that question. Also, let me
just—so we have an idea of what we're talking about, like the scale of what
we're talking about. A good example of where we would put forward a
written interpretation is this issue that we're trying to resolve with the
basements and the exterior walls.         That's an example of a written
interpretation that we would see. It's not the kind of thing that—it needs
clarity because a lot of houses are being built with basements, so we need to
have a predictable way of addressing that. That's an example of the way we
would approach it. If we were dealing with a project that relied on an
interpretation that we were making, I suppose we could include some
language in our determination letter that said there was this determination
that was made and have access to that so that people who receive that
notice or who receive the notice of a final decision at least could be made
aware that there was an interpretation.

Council Member DuBois: I guess I'm suggesting that a project comes up, it
raises an issue. You guys make an interpretation; you follow this process for
the interpretation, but then you're still following the existing Code for the
project which would require notification to people (crosstalk).

Mr. Lait: The existing Code certainly would require project. I would also say
that we're probably not going to be doing a lot of written determinations.
Again, most of the determinations that we're going to do are probably going
to be minor determinations that we make at the counter. It's part of our
everyday function. The written determinations are not going to be—there's
not going to be a lot of them. When we do do it, we want to have a place to
post it, advertise it, make it available and give people a chance who want to
be informed about that a chance to appeal it. It may not be great, but it is
better than what we have now.

Mayor Holman: Not to beat this dog anymore, but just one last stab at this.
Council Member DuBois and for Council Member Wolbach too, would you
accept a friendly amendment to indicate that basically what Jonathan has
said is when the Staff Report is written on a project that requires an
interpretation—where a formal written decision is warranted, that the Staff
Report will include description of that interpretation?

Council Member DuBois: Is Staff comfortable with that?

Mr. Lait: Yeah.   We want to make a distinction that it's a formal written
interpretation.

Mayor Holman: That requires a formal written interpretation, that that will
be identified in the Staff Report.

                                                                      Page 68 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript 12/7/15
