                         TRANSCRIPT
done through demographic calculations, in about 20 years the population of
older adults in Palo Alto is going to go up further and is going to be 24
percent, so almost a quarter of the City's population is going to be folks that
are going to be 65-plus. Twenty years is coming literally around the corner.
In 20 years, I'm going to be right bang in the middle of that age group
myself. What's the issue that's happening? Most people want to continue to
live at home, in their homes and their communities, and they want to find
support to keep them vital and actively engaged in their communities. We
ran an ethnographic study here in Palo Alto and the surrounding areas. One
of the key things that has emerged is that what seniors are missing as
they're getting older and they're retiring is opportunities to engage
meaningfully with the community. There's a whole issue that arises with a
sense of social isolation and loneliness. We're very concerned about that,
because there are a lot of health implications. A lot of studies that are now
out. The trajectory is high incidence of perceived loneliness and high
incidence of social isolation leading at some level to increased levels of
dementia to a very much earlier increase in the loss of daily living skills and
then depression. All of that puts you on a route for then needing more
assisted living care, and then you're out of your home before you know it
and in institutionalized care. As a health system, we want to reverse that
trend. The other people that are impacted by this whole dynamic is the
family caregiver, typically your sandwich generation person or a partner or
spouse taking care of each other. Always the issue of stress, multiple
demands, and how do you leverage all of that with your own responsibilities
of work and family. That becomes really important because there are some
stats here from a study done by MetLife nationally. There's a huge, huge
impact on the health of family caregivers. We're putting them out there,
because we want cities to take note of that. We want employers to take
note of that. We want our own colleagues to be taking note of those kinds
of things. How do we create a support system for this very invisible
population? Clearly when we went through the study, we realized that
health and well-being for the community is being impacted even for seniors
as you're living your daily lives. It's not happening during your episodes of
sick care on a sustainable level. That's the piece we're trying to address.
We wanted to create a solution based in the community. We called it
linkAges for linking across the ages, because we want it to be
intergenerational.     We're looking to create a grassroots community
movement where people of all ages come together to support each other
and become resources for their neighborhoods. We're also looking for policy
changes and priorities established on a policy level to support that piece.
Our solution does four things. It's called linkAges. We want to find out
about people, what their needs, interests, hobbies are, something beyond
what the doc's visit will typically tell you. We want to be able to connect
them to resources in the community, in their counties, on a regional level in
                                                                          Page 3 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/11/15
