                          TRANSCRIPT
historic properties including those located within historic districts. As we can
see on the map, most of the City's designated historic structures and the
two locally designated historic districts are located in north Palo Alto where
the oldest development patterns have occurred. We may ask the question
does the City's Inventory include all known historic properties. The answer
is actually no. Historic properties that are listed on the National Register
and/or the California Register are not automatically included in the City's
Inventory. They are, however, subject to CEQA review. Similarly, historical
resources that are identified in a survey or an environmental review process
are not automatically listed on the City's Inventory; also they are subject to
CEQA review. Here are some examples of buildings that are listed in Palo
Alto's Historic Inventory. As we can tell, they represent a variety of building
types, construction methods, architectural styles and periods of
development. What they have in common is that each provides a unique
and significant linkage to the past through historic design values and by
associations to important historical events and persons as recorded on
documentation that meets State and Federal standards. In addition to
individually listed properties, the local Inventory includes two historic
districts. Here we see a map of the nearby Ramona Street Architectural
District. It's a small district containing only eight structures in total located
along a one-block stretch of Ramona Street. When we look at some of the
images of the buildings in the Ramona Street District, we do get a sense of
the unified architectural character and the high quality of design values that
are possessed in the district. The district is a tight collection of commercial
buildings designed by master architects Birge Clark and Pedro de Lemos in
one of California's distinctive styles, Spanish Colonial Revival. By contrast,
the Professorville Historic District is much larger and different in character
than the Ramona Street District. Covering all or parts of several City blocks,
the district contains nearly 200 contributing buildings within its boundaries.
Professorville was home to the first generation of Stanford University faculty
and is one of Palo Alto's oldest residential neighborhoods. Architecturally,
Professorville is characterized by residential styles that were popular during
the early 20th century including textbook examples of Craftsman, Colonial
Revival, Mission Revival and Prairie Style homes. The City of Palo Alto
encourages owners to preserve and rehabilitate their historic properties by
providing valuable development incentives.           Here we see listed the
preservation incentives that are in the City's toolkit and available to the
historic property owners in Palo Alto. Many owners have taken advantage of
these incentives over the years, which has helped to abate demolitions and
resulted in the retention and rehabilitation of numerous historic buildings.
In closing, I'll introduce three recommendations of the Board to enhance the
City's preservation program. The first Board recommendation is to include
National Register and California Register properties in the City's Historic
Inventory. Currently, as mentioned earlier, Federally listed and State listed
                                                                           Page 6 of 63
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/6/15
