                         TRANSCRIPT
expertise as quickly as we can.    Whether we go with Google or not with
Google, I think it'll help.

Mr. Keene: I don't mean to interrupt. I didn't mean to make it secondary.
I meant it's secondary as to what the Council talks about today, hoping
you'd give us the authority.

Council Member DuBois: Who would the consultant report to? What ability
to make decisions would they have?

Mr. Reichental: I think upon approval tonight, tomorrow we'll start talking
about that. There are a number of different models for bringing on a
person. It can be a consultant. It can be a contractor. There's varying
levels of how we might do it. We'll determine those very quickly after today.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to see us really hire an expert and unleash
them, benefit from their expertise, however that works. The idea behind the
dig-once ordinance was that it would apply to AT&T and Google. If it's not in
place before these agreements are signed, can we include it in the
agreements or do we need to have an urgency ordinance to make it apply?
It wouldn't make sense to pass a dig-once ordinance and have them
grandfathered in before those agreements were in place.

Ms. Stump: There are a couple of different options to accomplish various
pieces of what the Council has as a goal here. Things can be done through
agreement or they can be done through some combination of agreement
and ordinance, which is a law passed using the City's police power that
applies generally and is generally imposed unilaterally, not by consent, not
by a mutual exchange of value. I think it makes sense for at least initial
conversations to occur around potential agreement. Then we can look at
whether there are pieces that are more appropriately put into place through
ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: I did hear you just say that they have the right to
the public right-of-way. It seems like if we had that ordinance in place, it
would give us some rights as well. That's certainly the intent here, that it
would apply to these providers.

Ms. Stump: Yes. I think at least in terms of a notice and right-of-way
coordination type, if that's what you mean by dig-once, Council Member
DuBois, that's fairly straightforward. There are other types of features that
some municipalities are putting into ordinance form that have greater
requirements. They may require actually installation of conduit, typically by
developers developing green fields, but we're looking for examples of other
types of provisions. The very simple baseline requirement of notice and
                                                                        Page 101 of 132
                                                           City Council Special Meeting
                                                                   Transcript 11/30/15
