                          TRANSCRIPT
of taxation. Those are two-thirds votes and very difficult to get in a
legislature without a high level of cooperation, and we haven't achieved that
at this point. We also have a Special Session on health that primarily is
dealing with how to fund indigent health. We are in jeopardy of losing $1
billion of Federal funding for our Medi-Cal program in California, which is
already well underfunded. We'll lose that $1 billion if we can't find a funding
source for a match that is legal. That's also in a Special Session, continuing
discussions and work on those two issues. Finally, we also did not adopt a
spending plan for cap and trade dollars. 60 percent of the cap and trade
dollars are permanently allocated on an ongoing basis to a variety of
activities including High Speed Rail, and I'll comment on that in a minute.
40 percent is discretionary annually to the Legislature. We've not agreed
yet on what that 40 percent would be spent on in any way different from
what we did last year. That's something that we'll have to deal with when
we get back to Sacramento in January. You did ask me to talk briefly about
Housing Element reform. Let me just comment that there was very little
legislation this year in the area of Housing Element and housing law,
candidly. Last year, as I worked on AB 1690 which the Governor signed—it's
a bill that would allow a multiunit residential to be counted as part of
affordable housing, even if it has mixed use. Previously, you couldn't have a
mixed-use facility and have any of the housing units count. We did get that
passed. That got me in front of the folks at Housing and Community
Development, also gave me a chance to talk with them about the work that
had gone on locally through a task force that I established with the cities in
my district around housing law. With my encouragement and request, the
Department of Housing and Community Development has convened a new
working group on the Housing Element and Housing Element law. It is
called the Housing Policy and Practices Advisory Group. The ABAG, League
of Cities Staff are on this, and there are other representatives of local
jurisdictions. They have met three times; they've got a couple of additional
meetings scheduled this fall. Information on their work is available online or
my office can help provide that to Staff so they can monitor what that group
is doing in looking at Housing Element reform. The topics that they are
discussing include the RHNA scheduling and determination, public
participation, site criteria and default densities. These are, I think, topics
that have been of interest in this region. Also asked if I would comment on
Airbnb or short-term rental issues and what the State is doing. The State is
actually doing nothing in that regard. There was one piece of legislation
introduced that would have prohibited local jurisdictions from taxing any
short-term rental. That bill was never even heard in committee. There was
another bill that would authorize local enforcement ordinances and compel
hosting platforms to provide quarterly reports to local jurisdictions. It would
have essentially set up a State framework. That bill was moved to the
inactive file. It could be considered next year. In general, the Legislature
                                                                         Page 7 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/19/15
