                         TRANSCRIPT
Manager Keene and Staff for getting the open data up. You're exactly right;
I much appreciate that. Also appreciation to Community Services Director
Rob de Geus, Ali Williams and the team for doing a stupendous job having to
do with the Parade. Thank you to all of those. City Clerk, do you have
tallies from the votes?

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Yes, we do.

Mayor Holman:     Congratulations to all the Applicants who have been
selected. Thank you in advance for your service.

Oral Communications

Winter Dellenbach: I want to offer you reasons why I think you should
change your mind on how you're going about determining rent subsidies for
some families at Buena Vista Mobilehome Park as part of the relocation
package. This is why. Rental owners can't limit occupancy to fewer people
than, there are two common standards. I know this. For ten years I
practiced a form of housing law, mostly discrimination. This is how families
with children get discriminated against, by imposing unreasonable, illegal
occupancy standards. The Jissers' attorney, during the Appeal Hearing,
referred to the housing standard as the County Housing Authority standard
which, as you're about to see, allows a few more people than the City of Palo
Alto's own Ordinance. In fact, the occupancy standard that's more widely
used in my experience, ten years of dealing with this issue in the Bay area.
For the Housing Authority, it'd be three people in a one-bedroom. You
couldn't require fewer than that.       Seven people in a three-bedroom.
Whereas, in Palo Alto, and really the majority use this standard, two people
in a one-bedroom, six people in a three-bedroom. The above is meant as a
minimum, but it's used as a maximum very widely. It's both minimum and
maximum. The consequence of this for Buena Vista families according to
the 2013 study that came from two Stanford professors, 100 percent
participation, 67 families, 129 children, nearly all families have two parents
living in the household or one parent and one grandparent. Your formulation
is based on one or two bedrooms, looking at the comparison between
surrounding rents on one and two bedrooms. However, 22 percent of the
households at Buena Vista won't benefit as much from that sort of
formulation, because they're going to need three bedrooms or even four
bedrooms. There are 15 households that either have three children, four
children or five children in them. That's a total of 55 children. That 22
percent of households, unfortunately, are going to have a hard time finding
a place. The rent subsidy isn't going to be adequate. It's not going to be
equitable. It's not going to be fair. Some people at Buena Vista are going
to be treated more equal than other people at Buena Vista. I strongly

                                                                       Page 16 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 05/04/15
