                          TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and Goals” after “Vision
Statement” and add at the end of the Motion, “and add a Goal of Climate
Change and Adaptation.”

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to speak to this a little bit more. We're
talking goals. On the Vision Statement, I guess we'd given feedback before.
That was one of my comments. In all of these elements, when we talked
about vision, this one says Staff will develop minor revisions to the vision.
It'd be good—they're coming back here months later. That was in April. It
would have been nice to see the proposed new Vision Statement to react to
it. I'm a little bit concerned that we're going to get all these changes all at
once and the new Comp Plan. If there's a way in general to spread out
some of the feedback loops that come back to us, that would be really great.
Does that make sense? Am I being clear?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member DuBois. If I recall, the Council's
discussion in April was kind of a Study Session, so there wasn't actual
direction to Staff on these things. We've tried to interpret all of the
comments we got from individual Council Members at that time and give
you, at the bottom of that first page there, like Page 3, Packet Page 11.
We've tried to say based on the input we got from the various Council
Members, we are reading that you basically like the existing vision with
some minor revisions. We will ...

Council Member DuBois: I'm just saying that was in April. If this version
had come with those minor revisions, that would have been great.

Ms. Gitelman: I understand. We could have taken it a little farther.

Council Member DuBois: Just to clarify. I didn't really want to change what
we had said on the Vision Statement. I was still hoping to see those minor
revisions come back. Really I thought this Motion was just about the goals,
which is what we're being asked tonight. This is kind of changing what we
said before about the vision.

Council Member Scharff: You're losing me. I like the old Vision Statement.
Did you want to make minor revisions?

Council Member DuBois: I was happy with the feedback we already gave,
which is on Page 3. The old Vision Statement was the following suggestions,
and there was a bunch of stuff there. I was still expecting to see that.

Mayor Holman: Do you see those, Council Member Scharff?

                                                                         Page 38 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
