                            MINUTES
highest rate of homeless veterans across the country. Forty homeless
veterans were located in Palo Alto, 50 percent of whom had mental
disabilities and 23 percent struggled with substance abuse. A summit of
veteran homelessness issues could be the best method to educate the
public.

Mehdi Alhassani, Human Relations Commissioner, was engaging the
Veterans Administration, Veteran Service Organizations (VSO) and non-
profit agencies for a summit of services for homeless veterans.

Diane Morin, Human Relations Commissioner, conducted seven or eight site
visits to HSRAP agencies. Site visits allowed Commissioners to understand
changes in services and agency needs.

Ms. O’Nan began a learning series on affordable housing a few years ago.

Theresa Chen, Human Relations Commissioner, along with Vice Chair
Bacchetti researched affordable housing and low-income residents of Palo
Alto. Thirty percent of Palo Alto residents were in the low-income category.
Sixty-one to Seventy-two percent of low-income residents were renters and
60-80 percent paid more than 30 percent of their monthly income for rent.
Less than 10 percent of Palo Alto workers were Palo Alto residents. Director
Gitelman recommended the HRC focus on senior co-housing and tenant's
rights and collaborate with non-profit agencies.

Vice Mayor Schmid noted the HRC provided an outline of priorities for 2015
and requested Council feedback.

Council Member DuBois inquired about the status of the Betty Wright Aquatic
Center.

Ms. Morin understood that the pool had to be rebuilt before services could
resume. Abilities United was focusing on expanding programs.

Ms. O’Nan indicated the pool served Santa Clara County and offered unique
services.

Council Member DuBois asked if Abilities United owned the building.

Ms. Morin believed Abilities United owned the building and was expanding
the facilities.

Council Member DuBois liked the idea of continuing the Senior Summit
through an online forum or presence. The City/School Liaison Committee
was focused on Project Safety Net and would welcome information from the


03/09/2015                                                            117- 58
