                             MINUTES
compatible with the neighborhood. The proposed home was jarringly out of
place in the neighborhood.

Arthur Keller referenced Policy L-12 of the Comprehensive Plan regarding
compatibility. The Applicant and Staff had not rebutted the Appellant's claim
that the proposed structure was not compatible with the neighborhood. The
proposed home should be redesigned to be more compatible with the
neighborhood in structure, style, and form.

Dagmar Becker supported the Appellant. City trees would not screen the
proposed home. The structure was massive and did not resemble the style
of adjacent homes. The review of Guidelines should ensure homes were
compatible with neighborhoods.

Shani Kleinhaus advised that the vacant lot was utilized by children as a
playground. She had seen various wildlife on the lot. The house was too
large and did not blend with the neighborhood.

Mike Murnane supported the Appellant and redesign of the proposed home.

David Hammond supported the Appellant. The house was awfully large.

Rita Vrhel supported the Appellant.        The building of large houses
incompatible with neighborhoods was endemic to Palo Alto. The Planning
Department assisted the Applicant rather than residents.

Ms. Koo stated she had posted the second notice at the site; although, it
was removed twice and she reposted it. At the beginning of the process,
she personally visited 11 adjacent neighbors to share plans for the site.
Nine of those 11 neighbors supported plans for the site. The previous
weekend, six of seven neighbors supported plans for the site. Because of
the flood plain, the house had to be built 2 1/2 feet above ground. She
voluntarily increased the interior setback to 24 feet.

Council Member Burt requested the list of neighbors supporting her plans for
the site.

Ms. Koo had emailed the list to the Council.

Council Member Wolbach inquired about reasons for placement of windows
on the second floor of the home facing the Appellant.

Ms. Koo reported the height of the windows addressed privacy concerns.
Three windows facing the Appellant's property would be obscured and would
be placed above eye-level.


02/17/2015                                                             117- 10
