                          TRANSCRIPT
up there as a barrier to the emergence of municipal competition is that
incumbent carriers frequently challenge these kinds of projects. I can't
speak to the legal validity of anything that they do, but there have been
significant efforts at the state level to get states to prohibit municipalities
from engaging in this space. In some places, even in dark fiber deals. In
some places, even in providing services for themselves. In many, just
throwing up significant barriers to effective operations or rational pricing and
so on. That's what my work with the Coalition for Local Internet Choice has
been about, is to try to reduce those incumbent-opposed barriers at the
state level.     We've also seen incumbents undertake public relations
campaigns to try to disseminate frankly frequently false information, either
directly or through proxies, about the track record of municipal efforts and
so on. The FCC to its credit has assembled a strong record in the past years
preceding by the cities of Wilson, North Carolina, and Chattanooga,
Tennessee, asking for preemption from state law.               There's a very
considerable record at the Commission now that's part of that docket
demonstrating some of these challenges and how they really worked. The
FCC went through those laws in considerable detail, talking about how those
challenged municipal competition. Unfortunately, this has been an effective
strategy by those who would prefer not to see competition emerge. It's very
unfortunate. If the City chooses to go forward with any kind of strategy,
then I think doing a risk assessment around legal and other kinds of risk
would be very important. We obviously are not qualified to give you legal
guidance in that regard. I'm sure the City would evaluate that. That would
mean in the case of a public-private partnership as well, because we'd want
you to go through evaluating the full range of your risks.

Council Member Kniss: I think one of the areas that we are concerned the
most about too is that—you've certainly spoken about Google very frankly.
In addition, it is difficult for cities to be nimble. We don't meet on a regular
basis, daily, talking to each other. That nimbleness is really important once
you're in this arena where everything is happening so fast. As you have
said, nobody really has access into Google in such a way that we would
know. I think that's somewhat unnerving. Can you speak just briefly to
either Kansas City or to Austin as far as where they have been with Google?
I think certainly Austin is a comparable city. Are those pieces of information
you have or that you don't have?

Ms. Hovis: I'm sorry. Pieces of information in what regard to Kansas City
and Austin?

Council Member Kniss: In regard to the cities where Google has gone in. I
know Kansas City was in the middle of it when we were actually there at the
                                                                         Page 34 of 130
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/28/15
