                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: We have a goal ...

Mayor Holman:        ... addressing State regulations, requirements for
transportation noise generated from roadway. I'm talking about air quality
impacts as a result of transportation. Right now, I do not believe it's
addressed. Director Gitelman.

Council Member DuBois: We have a separate goal of ...

Ms. Gitelman: We're checking the Comprehensive Plan. I believe that there
are policies currently in Goal 5 that address all kinds of air emissions,
stationary and mobile sources.

Mr. Dennis: Just in a very quick glance, I see two programs that currently
exist in the Comp Plan that address the issues that I think you're speaking
to, Mayor Holman.

Mayor Holman: Could you iterate those please?

Mr. Dennis: Yeah. N-39 and N-40 in the current Comp Plan under Goal N-5.
One is related to working with the Bay Area Quality Management District in
its efforts to achieve compliance with existing air quality regulations. N-40
is related to the use of alternative fuels for City vehicles, private vehicles,
among others.

Mayor Holman: It does not talk about, at least what you're reading, directly
as a result of traffic or the accumulation of traffic.

Mr. Dennis: Here's an additional one, N-45. Recommend revisions to
proposed projects as needed to reduce air quality impacts including
improvements that reduce single occupancy vehicle use. It's not quite
there.

Mayor Holman:      Again, I'm not quite hearing—I'm talking about the
cumulative effect as we're talking about cumulative effect on air quality. It
seems like we ought to be—excuse me. On noise, we ought to be talking
about cumulative effect on air quality as a result of traffic. Not individual
projects but the cumulative effect.

Mr. Dennis: We'll include that in the conversation with the CAC as directed
in the previous items.

Mayor Holman: Council Member DuBois, are you good with that?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

                                                                         Page 59 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/9/15
