                             MINUTES
Council Member Scharff indicated the item was a lender requirement for a
loan. Typically, lenders wanted a particular statement. The Motion did not
match the Staff recommendation. He inquired whether the Motion should
state that the Council found the Stephenson House property would be in
compliance with its existing zoning under the proposed financing and
ownership structure.

Ms. Gitelman believed the concluding statement on packet page 334 was
consistent with the Motion and Staff would need to insert the word
"affordable."

Vice Mayor Schmid wished to ensure the Motion met the lender's
requirements so that the loan could be completed.

Ms. Gitelman understood the lender had accepted the letter provided in the
packet.

Mr. O'Reagan stated the language was acceptable.

Vice Mayor Schmid inquired whether the Board wished to make a statement.

Mr. O'Reagan explained that the management company was a limited
partner and had no control of operations other than meeting financial
obligations to pay the loan. The Board would continue managing the
property.

Vice Mayor Schmid asked if the letter as amended to include "affordable"
was acceptable.

Ms. Tan reported the tax credit investor had read and approved the letter as
provided in the Council packet. The word "affordable" was not inserted in
that letter. She requested the Council consider the letter as presented in the
packet.

Ms. Gitelman suggested the regulatory agreements as part of the $1 million
and existing agreements provided by Ms. Silver could assure the Council that
Stephenson House was an affordable project.

Council Member DuBois asked if the letter had already been approved.

Ms. Tan advised that the letter was reviewed by the investor's counsel as
presented. Any change would have to be submitted for approval. The letter
and the change to zoning was inoperable without the use of low-income
housing tax credits. Tax credits included a 55-year regulatory agreement.
Therefore, both were necessary.


03/09/2015                                                              117- 78
