                             MINUTES
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Burt to refer Number 1: consideration of different telephone participation
guidelines for Closed Session and Open Session items and Number 2: review
of rules regarding Council procedures on Consent Calendar items to the
Policy and Services Committee and to review calling into meetings.

Council Member Scharff would support the first topic but not the second;
therefore, he would not support the Motion.

Mayor Holman bifurcated the Motion.

Council Member Burt indicated his submission contained two aspects. The
first aspect related to Council Member DuBois' request for review of rules for
Council Members calling into Council meetings. The second aspect, whether
contracts should be placed on the Consent Calendar and whether two votes
were needed to remove an item from the Consent Calendar, would involve a
review of Consent procedures. The two Motions were to refer review of rules
for telephone participation to the Policy and Services Committee, and to
refer review of rules regarding the Consent Calendar to the Policy and
Services Committee.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER: for the Policy and Services Committee to review
and clarify the respective roles of the City Manager, Staff, Mayor, and Vice
Mayor in setting the Agendas.

Mayor Holman indicated the Council would participate in a straw poll.

MOTION PASSED FOR: Policy and Services Committee consideration of
different telephone participation guidelines for Closed Session and Open
Session items: 9-0

MOTION PASSED FOR: Policy and Services Committee review of rules
regarding Council procedures on Consent Calendar items: 7-2 Kniss, Scharff
no

Council Member Kniss asked if Council Member Burt suggested review of the
roles of the City Manager, Staff, Mayor, and Vice Mayor.

Council Member Burt answered yes. This policy was not clearly stated.

Council Member Kniss did not realize Council policy provided any guidance
on the roles of the City Manager, Staff, Mayor, and Vice Mayor.



                                                                        Page 22 of 27
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                Minutes: 01/31/2015
