                         TRANSCRIPT
this is not a heavy school time of year. We have a real problem. The
original proposal, the one that was defeated, had an internal road that went
from Clemo to Maybell and would have diverted traffic from Arastradero
down Clemo to Maybell through the neighborhood on a street which is only—
at Clemo, Maybell is only 28 feet wide. We have a very narrow, very heavily
congested street. We want to do everything we can to keep traffic low. The
16-unit development with only five units on Maybell is a significant
improvement and is a major reduction in traffic problems, which would have
been created by the original proposals, both the 72-unit development and
the 23-unit development. I think what we have before us usable and, I
think, it's far better than we we've had before. I suggest you approve it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Suzanne Keehn, to be followed
by Kathleen Eisenhardt.

Suzanne Keehn: Good evening. This letter—I'm reading these comments
on behalf of Cheryl Lilienstein and Joe Hirsch and myself. They could not be
here tonight; they're out of town. During the past 18 months, many of us
have shared with Golden Gate Homes our vision of what our neighborhood
should be like. Our discussion with Golden Gate Homes focused on three
objectives that we had. One, neighborhood compatibility, that is, no high
density. Two, adequate onsite parking so that overflow parking is minimized
and does not adversely impact the nearby residents.           Three, traffic
circulation that minimizes adverse impacts on Maybell Avenue, a designated
Safe Route to School and bicycle boulevard, which is distinctly a different
road than Arastradero. The 16-lot plan submitted by Golden Gate Homes in
December 2015, with five lots on Maybell, 11 lots off Clemo, with no direct
automobile access from those 11 lots to Maybell, meets these three
objectives. Golden Gate Homes' December 2015 plan was recently reviewed
by the Planning and Transportation Commission on May 25 and was
unanimously approved. What has been done here is reminiscent of the
Terman working group from the early 1908s, where members of this
neighborhood worked collaboratively with the City, the JCC and the Palo Alto
Housing Corporation to develop a mixed-use plan for the then-closed
Terman Middle School site. Now, 35 years later, we're deeply appreciative
of the willingness of Golden Gate Homes to work with our neighborhood.
This collaboration sets a good example for other developers. The 16-lot
plan—I think that's enough.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Kathleen Eisenhardt to be followed by Sorror
Ebnesajjad. Excuse me.



                                                                     Page 88 of 116
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/20/16
