                            TRANSCRIPT
compromised as the Shoreline area of Mountain View is?           I noticed that
wasn't necessarily a ...

Ms. Struve: SAFER is basically doing the same thing for us.

Council Member Berman: Got it. One of the goals of SAFER is to, at the end
of it, be able to develop a Capital Improvement Project (CIP) program to
address the ... Great.

Ms. Struve: That's right.

Council Member Berman: That answers another question I was going to ask
about the status of our levees and how—I feel bad; you guys are right in the
sun. What is the status of our current levees? Are we currently going
through an assessment of that to see how strong are they, are they at risk
of breach? I don't know how often we do that kind of an assessment.

Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer: I'm Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer in Public Works
Department. Our levees are maintained by the Santa Clara Valley Water
District. They are being maintained; however, they're of a state where
they're not certified by FEMA because they weren't constructed to modern
engineering standards, and they don't have the safety factor necessary to be
certified. That's why we have such a large area of the City in the tidal flood
plain, because the level of protection does not meet that FEMA standards.
That's the purpose of the SAFER project. The feasibility study has already
been funded by the City for the (inaudible) of levee in Palo Alto. In the fiscal
2017 CIP, there's a new CIP that would fund the design and environmental
assessment of those levee improvements.

Council Member Berman: Just want to ask a couple of quick questions about
the Municipal Services Center. When I served on the Infrastructure Blue
Ribbon Commission, this is one of the things that we analyzed. I was
actually on that subcommittee. We talked about a lot of the benefits of
relocating at least some of those services and City functions west of the
highway for resiliency purposes in a natural disaster, more so an earthquake
that we talked about than sea level rise at that time. We kind of set that
aside in terms of the City Council's efforts and focused on some of the other
components of the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Committee (IBRC) report, but
not really the relocation of the Municipal Services Center, which is an area
ripe for improvement on multiple fronts.          Has there been any other
discussion about either relocating a lot of the functions or some of the more
highly sensitive that we would really be up a creek without a paddle if that
area flooded? We've got some seriously sensitive equipment that's on the
ground floor that can't be moved up to upper floors, if I recall correctly.

                                                                         Page 10 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
