                          TRANSCRIPT
the water. They've stopped people from being able to make a living in their
places they live that need to fish. I don't want these. I can't get rid of
them. The post people said, "I can't stop junk mail." I love you, but oh,
God, can't we do better? We're so intelligent. That's one. I have a little
committee of 33 people; I never tell them I'm coming. Every day safety and
walkability Midtown, Middlefield, Palo Alto and all residential arterials. I
have begged like an idiot for safety and actually enforcement to stop the red
light running and outrageous speeding. Mainly it seems to be on the
residential arterials, which would be Middlefield and Embarcadero and—hi. I
haven't seen him for a while. I don't know if I have any supporters that I
don't know. The people I do know came to my house, and they just come.
They're welcome; everybody's welcome at my house on Middlefield. You
should have seen how lovely it was before we stopped enforcing red light
running and speeding. Beautiful. The last thing is we did vote against the
building of the new police building. The only person I've seen write about it
at all is Jen Nowell, who I spoke with just to check before I came. I do try
to check my facts. We did vote against it. I was at the Council meeting
where a Council Member said they didn't understand. We did understand,
but what is happening with it? Do we want big, giant—I know you like to
build ugly buildings that just waste space. They aren't adding to the City.
Big, giant entryways. Our police station is empty. They're only there
basically four days a week, a few of them.            They did know about
earthquakes. I know I've got to go. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. McGilroy: Don't send me anymore. I might have put your sign on my
lawn.

Mayor Burt: Marie Jo Fremont to be followed by Herb Borock.

Marie-Jo Fremont: My name is Marie Jo Fremont, and I'm a member of Sky
Posse Palo Alto. We're back into aircraft noise. Today I want to highlight
that we sent a big information packet. You may know about it, because we
sent it to you as well. We sent it to all the members of the Select
Committee and the alternates. Let me explain the rationale behind this.
The first thing is one should really understand a problem, especially a
complex one like aircraft traffic, before you try to solve it. It's a difficult
one. What we did—it was not easy—is we tried to stay away from any
technical jargon. Anybody who is mildly operating should be able to read
that document and understand it. The other thing is Palo Alto is a really
good case study. I live in Palo Alto; we all are here. We are also an
important place, because we are the perfect storm. These are not our
words; they are the words of the San Francisco Noise Abatement Office. If

                                                                        Page 10 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
