                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Can I ask a question about the Consent Calendar,
an item? Am I allowed to do that?

Mayor Burt: You have to remind me on that.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Your procedures provide for an opportunity to
explain a no vote, but not to discuss items on Consent unless they're
removed from the Consent Calendar. The alternative there is the procedure
to ask factual questions before to the Staff through email.

Council Member Filseth: I think I'm going to vote no on Item 5. The reason
is, if I read it right ...

Mayor Burt: Let's see. You get a chance after the no vote. I see no
speaker cards. We'll now return to the Council for a vote on the Consent
Calendar, with Council Member Filseth registering a no vote on Item Number
5. We will ...

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: We need a Motion.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We need a Motion to approve the Consent.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-7.

4.   Approval of the Termination of a Funding Agreement With the City of
     East Palo Alto for the East Palo Alto Shuttle Route at the Request of
     the City of East Palo Alto; Approval of an Exemption Under Section
     15301 of the California Environmental Quality Act Guidelines; and
     Approval of a Budget Amendment to the General Fund.

5.   Approval and Authorization for the City Manager or his Designee to
     Execute two Energy Efficiency Program Contract Amendments:
     (1) Amendment Number 3 to a Contract With BASE Energy, Inc. for
     the Administration of the Third-Party Non-residential new Construction
     Program Contract Number C11141002 Extending the Term for two
     Additional Years; and (2) Amendment Number 1 to Eagle Systems
     International, Inc. DBA Synergy Companies Contract Number
     C15159125 for the Multifamily Residence Plus Program Increasing

                                                                     Page 8 of 100
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 9/26/16
