                         TRANSCRIPT
only city in the region that exceeded it. That doesn't solve any of our
problems today. One of the notions that was tossed about was—evidently a
couple of my colleagues received an assertion that somehow two percent
more per year of residential growth is the magic number that means you
wouldn't have a price escalation in residential rental rates. I don't get how
you can talk about that outside of whatever job growth exists. If you're
Detroit, for example, you don't need to add two percent per year to keep
rental rates from going up. If you basically don't have job growth, you don't
need that. If you have five percent per year job growth, two percent won't
keep up. I don't get where that number comes from. There probably is a
correct number for Palo Alto; it's just there's no simple formulaic number
that applies out of some general theory. One of the things that we've talked
about is the interest in piloting some of the performance-based
development. I actually think that's really important, because some of my
colleagues have said, "I don't want to incorporate it in the Comp Plan
without piloting it," but we have a Comp Plan that's moving forward. I'm not
quite sure how you'd be able to inform the Comp Plan on whether this is the
right thing to do or not without moving forward on doing some of this before
we've completed the Comp Plan, or at least at a minimum we have to see
whether it would get built. What are the parameters for this performance-
based development, which I think is actually a really positive model? First,
we said we want affordable housing. That's, once again, another thing that
we can say, "I want whatever I want." It just doesn't make it happen.
Unless we have a real huge, unspent pot of money to subsidize affordable
housing, our tool for doing that is with zoning. We can do it that way. For
instance, in our two Downtowns, we have a certain limited amount of floor
area ratio that's permitted for residential. Rather than simply raise that
across the board, if we raise it with certain conditions that X percent of—say
we have a 1.0 FAR right now for residential in our Downtowns. If we raise it
to 2.0 or something like that, we can put conservative on it. Now, we have
to bear in mind that we actually have a State Housing Density Bonus Law
that already does some of this and says you can build even more if you have
affordable to it. We have to think through to make sure that what we set as
the new zoning is actually what would get built, not that plus X amount more
when that might not be what we want. I think we want to set in place some
pilot models of this and allow a certain number of developments in the
Downtown area with the new models in short order. That would accomplish
two things. It would begin to have a dent and actually get some of the
housing built, rather than just theorized. It would inform us about whether
this is a model that works and the community will accept on a more scaled
basis. We're not going to get ten of these projects built right away either
way, so setting it up as a pilot seems like the right thing to do. In order to
get them built, a key is parking. Parking drives the cost of commercial
development and residential development. This is why I've been talking
                                                                      Page 101 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
