                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Goldstein: The Charleston-Arastradero Corridor is one of the locations.
It's kind of hard to see it on the map, because it draws it as a line on the
map under the areas that we were hearing would be good locations for art.

Council Member DuBois: Under Goal 2, when you talk about business areas,
I'd really like to see you consider the major neighborhood centers, like the
Midtown Shopping Center and Edgewood Shopping Center. Is that also
considered?

Ms. DeMarzo: Yes, it is.

Ms. Goldstein: We heard a lot from the Midtown neighborhood.

Council Member DuBois: When you look at the Plan, it just talks about
Downtown and Cal. Ave. I didn't see any mention of Midtown. Thank you
very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Just to remind everybody, we're trying to get
through this item by 10:15 P.M.. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:      I have been the liaison this year.        I get to
occasionally go and greatly admire what they do. Let me just call out a
couple of things. There is what I think is a great write-up of the community
on Package Page 671 at the top that talks about the community, and it talks
about the community that is served. I don't know which of you wrote it, but
I found it very compelling. It was really a good one. Let me just call out
one or two things that are so interesting. One clearly is—I've just blanked
on the artist—right outside the Art Center with the twigs that I think is
probably one of the most popular of all of the installations. We look at two
things. We look at those that are brief installations, two or three years, and
we also look at the long-term ones at the same time. I just have one quick
question too. The benches that are going to be used, tell me a little about
that.

Ms. DeMarzo: That's one of the recommendations that we've actually
already put into place. Those were created by artist Colin Selig. They are
on loan for a period of one year, made of up-cycled propane tanks. There
are five of them on University Avenue.

Council Member Kniss: My purpose is to call those out, because I thought
they were so creative. I first saw them when you were proposing them. It's
a great use of something that might be discarded otherwise, but also it's
kind of quirky and fun in a community sometimes that's very serious. I
think you've done a terrific job on it. Thanks for flying out. I presume
you're going to fly back in the morning. It's good job, and I think it's lines
                                                                        Page 71 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
