                          TRANSCRIPT
Sandra Slater: I'd like to address you separately on some of the specific
questions. I know I only have 2 minutes right now. Three, good. I'd like to
thank you all for your time and attention to this project. It's really an
important one, I think, not only for Palo Alto but for California cities and
beyond. I'd like to outline for you a little bit about what the Cool Block
program pilot is really about. I think we all understand that there's a sense
of urgency on climate change and some of the issues that we're facing not
only in the planet but in California and in Palo Alto and in our community.
The pilot program and the whole program is really a systems approach. It's
going to take your leadership and policy, the policies that you enact. It's
going to take the technological sector to come up with some great ideas in R
and D. It's going to take the business sector to provide good green
businesses for us. Most importantly almost, it's going to involve citizens.
It's the choices that you and I make every day and the way we live our lives.
The Cool Block pilot really is a connector. It connects all these systems;
neighbors to each other on the block; residents to the priorities that the City
has and the programs that you guys have created. It connects neighbors to
technological advances and promotes local green businesses that will
provide goods and services to make our lives healthier, more connected and
greener. Think of us as a recruitment arm for all the policies and programs
that you have already available; energy audits, green gas program, water
stewardships programs, energy efficiency programs, resiliency and safety
programs. We'll engage and activate neighbors to help each other with the
goals that they decide themselves. One of the questions that came up is
we've developed this generic Cool Block program workbook. That will go out
to all our pilot cities. That is not a specific local—what we'll have underneath
that is a technological platform, a web platform that will enable the City to
put all its programs in there. When somebody says, "I'm interested in water
stewardship," up will come all the City programs that will help that citizen
make those decisions and give them the resources that they need to go
ahead and check that off as something that they want to do. I look forward
to your support on this program. There are lots of questions, and I would
like to address each of them separately. I think I'll take my time now. I'm
surprised it's so early. I thought it was on the agenda for 9:00. It's like it's
8:00, running over here. I applaud you guys for your discipline in keeping
to schedule. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. If any colleagues had a follow-up question, you
can go ahead and ask that. Otherwise, we'll continue.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you want to ask that now of Sandra?

Mayor Burt: Yes.


                                                                          Page 44 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
