                         TRANSCRIPT
south, that's an important agreement that we have with them. It has been
discussed at length. I happened to discuss it with them last week. I think
they'll be surprised that we don't find it acceptable.

Mayor Burt: I think I want to just briefly comment to that. This is being
reviewed carefully because the landscape is actually changing. The basis for
the agreement back in '05 was based upon recycled water with really no
envisioning of purified water on the horizon and the ramifications of all the
things that we're going to be studying. We need to make sure that the
agreements do not restrict us. Hopefully we'll come back and the Staff will
say, "We've reviewed it very carefully. Here are the reasons why we are
adequately protected," or they'll say, "Here are minor modifications to the
language to help strengthen and assure that." They've already stated one
revision that they would tentatively be making. We had another revision
that was in here tonight. It could be argued whether we would have been
protected without these changes. I suspect as we're moving into a new
landscape, it will be important to reduce the ambiguities that may exist
because these agreements were written around previous conditions. That's
my point. Let's vote on the board. That passes 8-1 with Council Member
Kniss voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Kniss no

Mayor Burt: Thank you all very much. This is very informative.

12.   Fiscal Years 2017 to 2026 General Fund Long Range Financial Forecast
      (Continued From March 14, 2016).

Mayor Burt: Our final item is Council review and comment and acceptance
of Staff Recommendation of the Fiscal Year 2017-2026 General Fund Long
Range Financial Forecast. Welcome, Mr. Perez.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director and Chief Financial Officer:
Thank you, Mayor Burt. Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer. Tonight we bring
to you the updated 10-year General Fund Financial Forecast. Before we
start, I wanted to acknowledge that we have some corrections. They're in
the At-places Memo that you should have. We are correcting a couple of
tables in the report. We're point them out there, a percentage number.
They're Items 1, 2 and 3. There's attachments. We can go through them
later, given the length of time. This forecast helps us identify financial
trends, shortfalls and issues that we need to address. We make various
assumptions that are our best guess, frankly. We use trending data along
with some assistance from consultants such as Bartel and Associates. The
forecast is not intended as a budget or as a Proposal Plan. To this point, we
use salary increases in the outer years that are not meant to be promises to
                                                                       Page 81 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
