                         TRANSCRIPT
there does need to be a limit as to how many people can work in any
building within Palo Alto. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 9:18 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for questions and
comments. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was wondering if I might set a framework for
tonight's discussion. To do that I might actually make a Motion with the
Mayor's forbearance. It seems to me appropriate that tonight we would
make any comments as the Staff has requested on Scenarios 5 and 6, or
Alternatives 5 and 6 as I refer to them, that we comment as anyone wants
to on the DEIR that is before us, but we also extend the comment period for
the current DEIR and keep it open so that at the same time we will be
commenting on Scenarios 1 through 6. I haven't made a motion yet, so I'm
going to continue to speak to why that is. As commented previously and as
some members of the public have comments, this has always seemed like
an unusual process to me, that we're doing the DEIR prior to the
Comprehensive Plan being complete. It's not really clear to me that we have
a good grasp on why we are doing it this way. I think segmenting off
Alternatives 5 and 6 makes it even more complicated, more complex,
especially as we've talked about maybe—I don't understand (inaudible)
we're picking and choosing one thing from one scenario and applying it to
another. Judy Kleinberg is still here as well. Judy even mentioned—pardon
me for calling you Judy. Ms. Kleinberg said earlier that it was too bad that
"5" and "6" are not analyzed prior to the DEIR comments closing. I think
that's absolutely right. I agree 100 percent with that. It's also relevant, I
believe, that we take this into consideration in light of previously Item 18
that became Item 14a earlier, having to do with Governor's legislation. We
need to get the EIR correct. We need to be very careful about that. I don't
think taking more time when there's more work to be done anyway with
Alternatives 5 and 6. We may be relying on our EIR for things which
otherwise we will have no control, provided that the Governor's legislation
goes through or some version of that goes through. Again, with the Mayor's
forbearance, I would move that we make comments on Alternatives 5 and 6
and recommendations and suggestions on Alternatives 5 and 6, that we go
ahead and comment on topics in the current DEIR as so desired this
evening, but that we also continue the Comp Plan DEIR comment period
until such time as Alternatives 5 and 6 can be considered in the same
timeframe and in context with the current DEIR.




                                                                          Page 65 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
