                          TRANSCRIPT
in our records and we would have in our electronic records a notation that
says there's a historic property on this site. Excuse me, a historic structure
on this site. We still have the documents that talk about 411. We have this
as part of the administrative record if this item were to go forward, showing
the work that's been done and the review to the Secretary of Interior
Standards. We would have in our computer system where we issue building
permits a note that would get flagged that says there's a historic resource on
this property and that may require review by the HRB.             If there's a
discretionary review process, how that would be evaluated. Does that get
closer to answering your question?

Council Member Holman: Closer. I'm still not clear that there wouldn't be a
new address assigned to it, so we'd lose all of that. As you just said, there
might be a new address.

Mr. Lait: Is the question administratively how would we handle that or is it
...

Council Member Holman: In the record, how is it going to be assured if
there's a new address for instance? I'll drop that for now. The other
question I have about this. In the DPR, the form that lays out what's
historic about a property—in the DPR form that Dames and Moore did in
2000, I think it was, 1999, 2000, something like that. It's on the City's
records, and it was a part of the HRB Staff Report. It clearly says that under
Criterion C, which is one of the reasons that the house is eligible for the
National Register, that the house is an example of a typical early Palo Alto
building type, a square cottage designed by an important early builder, JW
Wells. If we put an addition on the back, it's no longer a square cottage that
is one of the criteria as a building style, that makes it eligible with the
National Register. How can we put an addition on the back that makes it a
non-square cottage, given this is a National Register criteria?

Mr. Ah Sing: Any additions that are done to historic buildings have to follow
the Secretary of Interior Standards. Part of that is looking at what are the
character-defining features of the building. Importantly, the front of the
building that's ...

Council Member Holman: With due respect, that's different than what the
criteria are that make something historic. It's different than character-
defining features, and it's different from satisfying the Secretary of Interior
Standards from my perspective. I'm sounding argumentative here, but I'm
trying to get an answer.

Mr. Ah Sing: Understand. Looking at the addition, the addition's at the rear
of the property. It is continuing on the themes of this building. The project
                                                                         Page 26 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
