                          TRANSCRIPT
solar-ready ordinance that just exceeded the Code minimum a little bit. We
require every new house to have 500 square feet available for solar, that it
be piped, ready for solar, that essentially we've removed all barriers for
single-family homes to install solar. We had to include that in our cost-
effectiveness study, so that's why this is here. We're going to continue to
require that, not that they have to install the solar, but that they have a
minimum square footage to be available for solar if they choose to. Two
quick points. There have been some concerns about electrification and heat
pumps. I just wanted to put on record that these were the two unintended
consequences of the Reach Code. We've addressed both of them. If you
are designing an all-electric home, we want to promote that especially in a
carbon free grid like Palo Alto. You only have to comply with the Code
minimum, the base State Code if you propose an all-electric home in Palo
Alto.     We're trying to promote and incentivize the all-electric option.
Secondly if you're installing a heat pump, we will ensure that it is not
penalized in your effort to comply with Title 24. We've made those nuances
in our Code, in our Ordinance, as well as we're going on record today to
state that we will work with those. In addition, Farhad had been working
directly with the California Energy Commission to ensure that their modeling
software doesn't penalize heat pumps. In the past, it used to. That's been
corrected, literally weeks ago. We're confident that both on a regulatory
side and on an enforcement side we won't see heat pumps turned away
artificially like they were in the past. Essentially what does this get us? It
gets us about a six percent savings if we did nothing. Again the pie is
shrinking, if you could imagine. All the low-lying fruit has been picked. We
are now in the top of the branches trying to make sure that we can eke out
more efficiency out of buildings. The big work really relies on the next
steps. The next steps are going to include our electrification study. How
might we retrofit existing buildings, which is the biggest part of the pie?
Finally, how do we deal with all of those buildings that aren't going to be
retrofitted over the next 10, 20 years, which we need to figure out what are
the right triggers to ensure that existing buildings upgrade and do these
deep retrofits that really require a little bit more than just a nudge. We'll
hopefully come back with you at a later date with some direction there.
Finally, the next steps as I mentioned will be the electrification fuel switching
efforts that are going to literally begin this month, as soon as we get
through this process. We hope to come back to you in December of this
year with a proposal about all the barriers to entry for electrification. With
that, that's as fast as I can talk. There is your Motion. Happy to answer any
questions.

Mayor Burt: We don't have any cards; we are about to have cards. Thank
you. We can take questions from the Council, and then go to the public, and
then have discussion by the Council. One of the cards is actually from our
                                                                         Page 90 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
