                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:      If you mean in proximity to, that isn't how it
reads.

Ms. French: This was not a Staff-proposed change, and I'm trying to recall
the meaning behind that.

Council Member Holman: I want to lose the word local for myself, which is
how we had originally proposed it. Also there's some things missing that we
had put in our Motion. The Motion again being on Page 312 and the
Ordinance proposed on 7A. We had added establish design linkages with
surrounding, existing buildings so that the visual unity of the street is
maintained at a minimum by. Those four points there seem to be by and
large absent.

Ms. French: Correct.

Council Member Holman: Why?

Ms. French: It was believed that that was pretty specific to certain settings
such as SOFA II, which is where the wording comes from. It's not applicable
Citywide. That would only be more urban settings with some specific
rhythms in the street. It wouldn't apply, for instance, to the Stanford
Research Park or other areas of town that have not those characteristics.

Council Member Holman: If we made these apply to urban settings—this
could apply to University, Hamilton, Lytton, California Avenue, El Camino. It
would apply to any urban setting. It wouldn't apply to the Research Park, I
would agree necessarily.

Ms. French: That's where the Context Based Design Criteria contain a lot of
those same words that were put in, that got kind of wordy in one Finding.

Council Member Holman: Then why do we not get there with our current
guidelines. You're talking about our Context Based Design. Why do we not
get there then? Why do we have buildings that are 100 feet wide when the
pattern on the street is 25 feet wide? If they're there, why are they not
followed?

Ms. French: The current Architectural Review Findings do not refer to the
Context Based Design Criteria, nor do they refer to the compatibility
requirements of coordinated area plans. That's the addition that we're doing
in Finding 1.




                                                                      Page 86 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
