                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Based on the success or lack of success we've
had, I was fairly skeptical coming in. Seeing the distributed nature of the
stations and the fact that you could get residents to use it for inner-city
trips, which make up a lot of our congestion and parking usage at certain
times, that appeals to me. I definitely see Council Member DuBois' concerns
about how people might manipulate the system, though. These are good
questions that we have to think through. I like the fact that it's spread out,
and that people can use it in the neighborhoods. I think that could be a
great way to get people using their cars less. In terms of the inter-city
connectivity and possibly partnering with Mountain View and Redwood City,
what's Menlo Park doing? They're kind of a big hole in between us and
Redwood City.

Mr. Mello: They have not shown an interest in participating in the study to
date.

Council Member Berman: Jim.

Mr. Keene: Can I just jump in as an aside? Interestingly enough, I think I
mentioned this to the Council before. The Cities and the City Managers of
Redwood City, Menlo Park, Palo Alto, Mountain View and senior leadership at
Stanford have been working together and actually working towards at least a
sort of City Manager agreement to maximize inter-jurisdictional planning on
different transportation issues as much as possible. Even this past week, we
had a briefing to the City Managers on this topic that included Menlo Park.
To date, they haven't been part of this. As you know, they're in the process
of adding bike lanes, for example, along El Camino Real where we don't
have them.      That's been a topic we've said, "Wait a minute.          The
interconnect between your town and ours are things we've got to be talking
about more explicitly." I would imagine that this would extend to Menlo
Park also.

Mr. Mello: I think they would be interested to see what we do and maybe
want to participate once we get something in the works.

Council Member Berman: I guess just lastly I'd agree with my colleagues
that I think the SoBi go big option, if we're going to do this, is the right
option. I think there are still questions that need to be answered. The small
options aren't generating any sort of benefit, so that doesn't make a lot of
sense.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It was good to see the February update. It's
important to see that this works in the community over time and builds up a
                                                                        Page 15 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
