                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: You would need a Conditional Use Permit on a side
street to put in a yoga studio in the Downtown.

Ms. Eisberg: Once the Urgency Ordinance expires. Right now, those
conditionally permitted uses have been suspended under the Urgency
Ordinance in the GF.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's only in the Downtown then, in the GF.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm thinking of the fitness place that went in on
California Avenue (Cal. Ave.). That replaced a stationery store, so it must
be a different rule for California Avenue.

Mr. Lait: There is a distinction that we've made for yoga studios. If it's like
15 customers at a time, we call that personal service. If it's larger than
that, it's considered commercial recreation. The idea is creating a space for
small, incidental activities. I don't know what the space on California
Avenue is, but we have made that distinction between the size of a yoga
studio being personal service ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's a gym on California Avenue.

Mr. Lait: That would be commercial recreation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We allow that on the ground floor?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. Let me take a look at the Zoning. That's CC(2), I believe.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I know we're talking about Downtown. I'm just trying
to understand. If it's a different rule completely, then we don't have to talk
about it.

Mr. Lait: It's a Conditional Use Permit (CUP). A yoga studio should
require—a commercial gym should have required a CUP in the CC(2).

Vice Mayor Scharff: It should have required a CUP.

Mr. Lait: Yep.

Elena Lee, Planning Manager: The other issue with California Avenue is that
there is the retail combining district on it, which has similar restrictions as
the ground-floor district.



                                                                       Page 62 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
