                          TRANSCRIPT
whoever we're supposed to convey to that we do really appreciate it. With
that, I'd just move the Staff recommendation, and I'd move that you don't
go to the public until you come back to us.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to approve and authorize the City Manager or his designee to execute
Contract No. C12162262, a professional services agreement with Biggs
Cardosa Associates, Inc. (Design Agreement), in a not-to-exceed amount of
$1,474,297 for Phase 1 services, to provide environmental assessments,
engineering, landscape, and architectural design services for the Highway
101 Bicycle/Pedestrian Overcrossing Capital Improvement Program (CIP)
Project (PE-11011), including $1,340,270 for basic services and $134,027
for additional services under Phase 1 and return to Council prior to public
outreach.

Mayor Burt: Do you want to speak further to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: No.

Mayor Burt: I'll just briefly say that I'm interested in some low-cost,
aesthetic enhancements that might occur. One of the things that I thought
was possible from the outset was use of low wattage LED lighting. We had it
in the prior design as essentially a safety feature of lighting that would track
pedestrians as they cross. You look at what the San Jose Airport has done
with their parking garages and things. I don't want to prescribe it; I think
it's a new way to have some attractive features at real low cost. Second, I
am interested in Staff pursuing what Shani Kleinhaus had suggested, which
is other funding sources for creek rehabilitation that wouldn't come from the
same pots as the transportation, Santa Clara Valley Water District and
others. This may trigger some opportunities for habitat enhancement.
Finally, when we look at other—if we do have additional funds for bridges,
I'm not necessarily going to want to spend them on this bridge versus
beginning to stockpile funds for what we have on our tentative plan for a
bike undercrossing under Caltrain at Loma Verde which, I think, may very
well be a higher priority than some of the features here. In an ideal world,
I'd love to have both, but I think we have a long stretch of Palo Alto from
Cal. Ave. south that has no separated grade crossing for pedestrians across
Caltrain. On that note, Council Member Wolbach, you had something else?

                                                                         Page 93 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
