                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: Good question. No, we did not since it hasn't been decided. We
probably should have outlined that in the budget.

Council Member DuBois: I may be remembering this wrong. I think a year
ago when we talked about Airbnb, we said we would go ahead and try to
collect that TOT Tax. Are we doing that?

Mr. Perez: Yes. We cannot give you specifics, but we'll give you a range. It
can be anywhere between 400,000 to 800,000 a year. It's climbing. We
don't get a lot of specifics. Mostly the agencies that have entered into
agreements with Airbnb are in the same situation. At various times when
we've looked, we've had over 100 listings for Palo Alto.

Mr. Keene: We are collecting revenue now.

Mr. Perez: Airbnb collects it upfront.

Council Member DuBois: My last question on the Property Tax forecast. You
straight lined it Do we have any concern that that's unsustainable?

Mr. Perez: Let me start and maybe Joe might want to add to it. The
statistic that gives me comfort in our projection—again, it's a projection—is
that we have 43 percent of our residential properties or about 8,000 of them
with an assessed valuation under 600,000. At some point, those are going
to turn over and be reassessed. I think that's one of the drivers that we've
seen.      Properties are not necessarily always selling like we have
experienced, because people are recognizing that the rent value is also a
good income stream versus the stock market, for example, in some
situations. In discussing it with some of the realtors, we hear that some of
the rents being obtained are rather high, and so people might use it as an
investment and hold it instead of selling it. Let me see if Joe has any other
data points that he wants to share with you.

Mr. Saccio: When we listened to the Comp. Plan Fiscal Study, the outside
consultants used seven percent increase out into the future and felt they
analyzed the turnover of the properties and the latent values of the ones
that Lalo just talked about in terms of Proposition (Prop.) 13. Short of a
recession happening, we think that it's a reasonable assumption to grow by
six percent out in the future. As I mentioned before, that's roughly the
compound annual growth rate (crosstalk) ...

Council Member DuBois: The key assumption for revenue.

Mr. Saccio: ... One we've been experiencing lately.


                                                                      Page 86 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
