                         TRANSCRIPT
housing fee, I think we just felt it was odd to have a housing rate lower than
an office rate. That was consistent with the other ones. On the other hand,
there are so few single-family houses built in Palo Alto these days that the
numbers in any case, whether it's $50 or $95, would be very small. Second,
on the other communities issue, yes, the fees that we looked at, that we
thought were appropriate for Palo Alto, were higher in a lot of other
communities. It could be that we're missing something or it could be we're
just farther in front of the problem as far as Palo Alto goes. In these kinds
of things, communities have a tendency to look at each other and see what
everybody else is doing. It could be that we're just further out in front.
Finally, it's tempting to look for some symbolism in the different fee rates
relative to different kinds of development. Maybe some are more desirable
than others. Really we thought the focus ought to be on, again, what's the
maximum support we can get for affordable housing and just focus on that
as opposed to trying to influence developers one way or another through the
fee manipulation. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:       I'd just make a comment on the Finance
Committee. I voted that all the residential fees should be $30 rather than
$50. Two questions, technical questions. The Finance Committee has
recommended a substantially lower rate for rental housing as opposed to
owned housing. A finance question on that. Anyone who looks at the City
finances knows that property tax is an extremely important basis for the City
and for all local governments. Rental property is not owned by individuals
but by companies or enterprises, which would mean over the long run there
would be a severe tax consequence if we provided incentives to rental
housing rather than owned housing.         We notice that the commercial
enterprises each year pay less property tax. They used to be around 40
percent; they're down to 25 percent and fall each year. Did either the PTC
have a discussion of the tax consequences of lowering the incentive on
rental property versus ownership or did the consultant or Staff have a point
of view on that?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Schmid. I think I recall this
conversation from the Finance Committee meeting. We don't view these
impact fees really as an incentive. We did not look in-depth at revenue
consequences other than looking at the money that would be gained for the
City to put towards affordable housing.

Council Member Schmid: Was there any discussion at the PTC? Just a note,
I guess, that that is an issue. Secondly, Appendix G has been noted many
times as an important document.        It's Packet Page 1004.   We have

                                                                        Page 44 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
