                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Sea Reddy. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Good evening. I want to take this opportunity to side with
Doria about the concerns of the construction going on in our neighborhoods.
I noticed today there is like seven to eight trucks all around us, surrounded
by a huge amount of whatever. I plead with the people that are working in
that industry to be careful. We have a lot of people that are riding their
bikes and walking. Be very careful. That's the only way that we could
minimize, and we want zero accidents. Not low accidents, zero accidents.
Thank you. I also want to take this opportunity to congratulate the two
winners that'll be tomorrow's election. I can read the tea leaves. Is that
how they call it in America, they say in America? I congratulate them. It's a
very open process. We've spent $2.3 million, I heard. We're going to spend
another million-plus. It doesn't have to be. Ideas don't need to be that
expensive. I was talking to Dr. Robert Reich the other day. I said, "What do
you even need 1,500? You could do it with your ideas." I think we are
getting there. Our ideas are heard. I appreciate your kindness, your
thoughtful suggestions, the friends I made. It's nothing to complain about.
I'll continue the journey, possibly at the 18th District level to Congressional
District in 2018. Thank you all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

2.    Approval of Action Minutes for the May 9 and May 16, 2016 Council
      Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of Minutes. We have Minutes from
the meetings of May 9th and May 16th.

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Berman.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded Council Member Berman to
approve the Action Minutes for the May 9 and May 16, 2016 Council
Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                                                            Page 7 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
