                          TRANSCRIPT
want to do that. I also think that the notion of updating our City Ordinance
if Labor Code Section 351 is changed—I don't think we should be committing
to updating. You may have meant that. I think what we should do is we
should have ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry.       Vice Mayor Scharff, we need to focus on the
Substitute Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I can focus on that then. I think on the Substitute
Motion I would like to make an Amendment to the Substitute Motion. I
would like to move that we put back the lines with the Cities Association
recommendation—put the Cities Association recommendation numbers back
into it and take out the Policy and Services evaluate the concept of a tipped
worker exemption.

Council Member Wolbach: I won't accept that Amendment.

Mayor Burt: Doesn't that just turn it largely into the initial Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, but you didn't want me to discuss what I think is
wrong with the initial Motion.

Mayor Burt: We're going to have an opportunity after we ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: No ...

Mayor Burt: Just a second. The Chair is speaking here. We have a
Substitute Motion. We address the Substitute Motion, and we'll vote on it,
and then we'll return to the main Motion. That's how we work. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I will be brief. I don't support the Substitute
Motion, and here's why. It's like as much as—anybody at this dais and
anybody who knows me well should know that I’m sensitive to and
concerned about people's ability to put a roof over their heads and survive in
a community. I'm also very supportive of local independent businesses
especially, but businesses in this community. I think this is a situation
where we have good versus good in a way. In talking to local businesses
and not just restaurateurs, many of them talk about how small hits to their
businesses really jeopardize their ability to succeed and continue. I think
the original Motion —I'm not going to speak to the original Motion —is
addressing that in ways that the Substitute Motion is not. It's not sensitive
to the phasing in as needed. I think it's important to understand that. I
look at the restaurant businesses as theaters in a way. The wait staff are
like the actors, but then the back-of-house are the people who run the lights
                                                                         Page 90 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
