                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Schmitt: Yes, that's an area that the Staff was really interested in
hearing about. Through many of the different outreach opportunities, there
were actually questions that asked specifically about restrooms and then
also generally about things that would enhance the use of the site. There's
a pretty overwhelming pattern when you look across the City and the topic
of restrooms in general. There's overall support for them on the site-by-site
basis. That's what Daren is getting at with the policies that there needs to
be more work. We now know that overall you can pull data points from the
survey that was done through your Vovici system, through actually the
recent concept plan feedback. Very few negative comments at specific sites.
A lot of very positive comments and even on some of the sites that didn't
meet the criteria of being two acres. There were requests like, "Can you
please add a restroom here?" There are a lot of data points from the
Citywide audience that, I think, would support the policy that Daren has. I
don't know if you want to add anything else to that, Daren.

Mr. Anderson: The only additional item I'd bring up is in several public
meetings, whether it was dog parks or park restrooms, residents would say,
"There's 35 people here, and we really are telling you how bad we want,"
let's say, a park restroom. What happens when just a few people come out
and say, "We don't want it. Are you guys going to kill it to stop this?" We
say that's a very good question. We realize that's a nuance that happens
during the public process. It's important to hear all voices. At the same
time, we want to represent the enormity of some of this outreach, where we
maybe have 700 people responding to a survey, and a very large majority
say, "We want restrooms," that that voice gets heard in the context relative
to maybe a very small vocal minority. That's we intend to do when it comes
time to do one of these. Let's say it's a park restroom at Eleanor Pardee.
There once had been a park restroom CIP, and it was shot down by the local
residents just before it was supposed to start. What I talked to the group
about at those public meetings was we're coming to the table with a greater
degree of outreach than we'd ever done before. Prior to that, it was one
public meeting where 15 people showed up. Now we have 700 people who
have weighed in on this concept to say, "We support the idea of having a
restroom in this park." It's necessary for people of all ages and abilities to
fully enjoy and utilize this space.     Maybe a vocal minority shouldn't
necessarily outweigh that.     That's a decision for the Commission and
Council, of course. We're going to come to you fully weighted with that
information.

Council Member Kniss: I think some of the people who are of the small
majority happened to find me. I did hear a different story from time to
time. I will share some of what they said, because that's our job, to let you
know what we've heard. I think, especially at some of the smaller parks
                                                                       Page 10 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
