                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I have one question. I support this going to Policy
and Services, but I have one question. There are things that might be
deployed as safety or even fire prevention here, there and in the Foothills,
that sort of thing, but might be construed to some as surveillance as well.
I'm hoping that that will be a part of the conversation when this goes to
Policy and Services. When it's appropriate, appropriate use, not appropriate
use, and what can be used and what can't be used, I'm hoping that will be a
part of the discussion there.

James Keene, City Manager: I would just say that I think the report even
acknowledges a little bit the existing directive at the Staff level to identify
any camera technology or anything that we have in the City and to report on
that. It's something that I asked for last year, for us to make sure that we
know the base that we have. I think the nice thing about this policy is this
idea of having a more detailed framework in advance. As you know, any
time we've had an issue, we've actually been publicly discussing it with the
Council. If we've got a bike count at a particular location, we've gone in to
talk about the actual technology, the fact that it doesn't show photos, all of
those kinds of things. I would say this. Our culture right now is on the
upfront part of any decision point to discuss this publicly with where we are.
I would say for the most part what we have done has forestalled any
deployments from anybody coming in and basically saying, "This is Palo Alto.
We wouldn't deploy something like this." You may recall some of the Council
Members a number of years ago with license plate readers, we were talking
about how we might do enforcement. We pretty much had a big discussion
about some of the problems with that. We haven't deployed some of those
things.    Particularly now in a lot of the emergent smart city sensor
information, I think pretty much everyone knows. While there could be a lot
of interest in how we could collect useful information, not so much
surveillance but capturing just data, we really need to have policies in place
before we can jump into that. I do want to let you know that on the way to
this policy, the Staff mindset is, I think, very attuned to the intentions of the
Council and the community in this discussion.

Council Member Holman:        If there needs to be clarification, my one
reference, just as an example, was for instance about drones. We basically
don't allow drones to be flown anywhere in Palo Alto. They could be useful
perhaps in fire prevention and detection.

Mr. Keene: Clearly, I would hope we wouldn't say that there would be no
good deployments of technologies that we may not even know exists right
now. Again, this process for assessing and vetting and sharing. That is
what we hear this is about.


                                                                          Page 59 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
