                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

4.    Approval of a Request for Proposal (RFP) for the Sale of 2,500 Square
      Feet of Transferrable Development Rights for the Sea Scout Building
      (Without Parking Exemption) and Direction to Amend the Lease
      Between the City and the Environmental Volunteers to Reflect Updated
      Obligations Regarding Restroom Construction.

Mayor Burt: We now get to move to our first Action Item of the evening
which is approval of a Request for Proposal (RFP) for the sale of 2,500
square feet of Transferrable Development Rights for the Sea Scout Building,
without a parking exemption, and direction to amend the lease between the
City and the Environmental Volunteers to reflect updated obligations
regarding restroom construction.     Mr. Perez, are you doing the Staff
presentation?

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer: I am. Thank you, Mayor Burt, members
of the Council. Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer. I don't have a formal
presentation. I will do a quick summary. We have a lot of information in
the Report for you. I may exclude something, but it's not intentional. Back
in July 2007, the City and the Environmental Volunteers entered into a 40-
year term for the occupancy and the rehab of the Sea Scout Building. As
part of the approval, the City Council then directed Staff to sell Transferrable
Development Rights (TDR), to provide the funding for the rehabilitation of
the historic building in an amount up to $300,000. This would go towards
the capital costs. The Motion also included language that additional amounts
be considered by City Council at a future date. We sent you in a separate
email the Minutes of that Council meeting, so you hopefully have those as
well. In April 2009, Staff issued an Request for Proposal (RFP) for the sale
of 5,000 square feet of TDRs. This included for the Sea Scout and the
College Terrace Library. We set a minimum price of about $90 is my
recollection, and we received no offers at that time. There was no market
for them. A few years later, last year, we were instructed to sell TDRs for
the Roth Building, as you may recall. We sold roughly 9,600 square feet for
that without having parking exemptions. Those sold at $300.25, the highest
bid. The EcoCenter, as it was renamed, opened to the public in July 2012.
They have welcomed over 5,000 visitors and last year received the Building
Preservation Award from the California Preservation Foundation.            They
obviously have done a great job with the building and rehabbing it. Tonight,
what we're asking you is the continuance of the direction as previously
provided by the Council, which is to authorize the City Manager to issue
2,500 square feet of TDRs without inclusion of parking exemptions, for the
City Manager to have the authority to execute and complete the sale, and to
reimburse the Environmental Volunteers the $300,000. That's the Staff
                                                                              Page 7 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
