                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'll be interested what my colleagues think. I think
on our major—first of all, safety is first. No question about that. On some
of these major arterials—Alma is 30,000 trips a day. I think we do need to
think about flow and have basically—I think you're doing this. Look at our
different types of streets and handle them differently. When you look at the
major streets that handle the bulk of the traffic, if we slow some of those
streets too much, we end up diverting traffic onto local streets. I think when
you go out to the community, I'd be interested to get some feedback about
speed on our arterials versus traffic going through neighborhoods. I use
GPS systems a lot, just coming here tonight. It always routes me down
Bryant Street. I was thinking about this item and thinking about the
meeting. The reason it takes me down Embarcadero all the way to Bryant
because there's a roundabout with no stop sign. There's only two stop signs
between there and Downtown. Our bike boulevard is actually the fastest car
route. Something's messed up there if that's true. If I turned onto
Middlefield, I'd hit multiple stop lights.     Again, I'm just following the
computer navigation. It's figured that the ultimate route is our bike route.
We want to be safe, and we want to have safe speeds, but we should also
think about optimizing our car flow on the streets that we want our cars on
and keeping them away from the bikes. I kind of had a similar question to
Alma for East Bayshore, which is also one of our faster commuting streets. I
do think enforcement's important. If we're going to make our streets
enforceable, it's a tough message to the community that we need to raise
our speed to be able to lower the speed and to enforce. Making clear that
we would do that on the highest accident rate segments makes a lot of
sense, not that we're out to generate revenue or write lots of tickets. My
last question is how are you thinking about holding these community
outreach. You said you were thinking about two meetings. How would you
do public outreach and where would you hold them?

Mr. Mello: We're still thinking about that. This needs to be a Citywide
discussion, so we've thought about whether to hold two Citywide meetings,
do a north and south meeting. We'd definitely be open to any suggestions
that you may have this evening.

Council Member DuBois: It's an interesting one. If you can separate the
arterial and collector discussion, I think I would consider even asking some
of the major employers who are on some of those streets. I think as much
as you can keep it data-focused, that's a good way to go. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Hi. Thanks very much. There's a ton of stuff. A
couple of comments and a couple of questions. I think I concur with Council

                                                                         Page 36 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
