                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'm not prepared to make a Motion at this time.
I would like to hear from my colleagues but ...

Mayor Burt: We'll all hear from colleagues.      We need to get going.         Vice
Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's actually really interesting information about the
tennis court site. I had that question about the parkland as well. I actually
didn't think we could, because this came up on some other issue once.
There was an issue about using dedicated parkland for storage and stuff. My
recollection at the time was that it was a problem. If we were to move
forward with the tennis court site, for instance, what process do we have as
a City—if we as a Council say, "You've had some neighborhood outreach.
People are really upset about it. Let's go do it anyway," what is the process?
Does it have to go to other bodies? Does the Council just make the decision
and it's done? What happens?

Mr. Nickel: Again, included in the Staff Report is a page of pros and cons of
each one of the sites. It does talk about the dedicated parkland needs
Council approval/a Park Improvement Ordinance. Obviously, we'd need to
dig into that further. I don't know if that answers your question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My recollection on dedicated parkland is you have to go
to a vote of the people to change anything with dedicated parkland. That's
just my recollection of it. I see Rob nod his head yes. I guess my concerns
about this, Chief, is what you raised. If we don't go forward with the Geng
site, we are going to have to come back to Council, where there's going to
be a bunch of neighborhood opposition. I know that area really well.
There's single-family homes right there. If I actually had a single-family
home right there and you were taking away my tennis courts and dedicated
parkland and building a temporary fire station, I think I'd be fairly upset, the
more I think about this. I think a large group of people would come out
from that neighborhood and be very upset. We'd have the chambers filled
with these people.         Rightfully so.     I think they would be really
inconvenienced and upset about it. I think we'd spend a lot of time going in
that direction, and then change our mind because we'd have 50 people out
here yelling and screaming at us, and we wouldn't go forward with that.
What I've heard the Chief say—I don't want to put words in your mouth, so
if I say (inaudible)—is that it's operationally feasible and that you're
comfortable with it, that it's within our parameters of the eight minutes and
that speed in this is very important to you. While increasing response times
is an issue, this is a very unsafe fire house, and we need to move forward as
quickly as possible. That's how I'm sort of framing it in my mind. On that
basis, I think we should support the Geng Road site. I think far too often

                                                                        Page 42 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
