                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Metz: We did not; although, was that a survey of all residents as
opposed to voters?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Mr. Metz: We'd be happy to do that analysis and take a look at those
differences.   It's obviously a slightly different population that's being
interviewed. That may explain some variance. We'd be happy to look at
how they line up.

Council Member Schmid: It'd be interesting to see the concerns, whether
they are similar to expressed in the larger survey.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm trying to recall the process by which we got
to this point. I remember us giving the direction for the creation of the ad
hoc committee to explore funding options for transportation in particular.
Did the Ad Hoc Committee consider other funding options prior to this point,
such as sales taxes or parcel taxes, parallel to an employee head count tax?
I'm trying to understand what the—I should have looked at the committee's
minutes, but I haven't had a chance to do that—didn't think to do that yet.
How did the conversation get narrowed down to this specific option?

Mr. Keene: First of all, I would say that we were working to a deadline and
the understanding that this would be at most be an initial poll. That being
said, we had discussion. In our first draft or so, I remember that we had an
option of looking at a sales tax. I'm just trying to recall the discussion that
the committee had.

Mayor Burt: I think that we received advice. We framed it around a concern
that we did not want to have a measure that would harm the chances of the
VTA tax. The advice we had received, I think both from Dave and Carl
Guardino was that a sales tax on the same ballot as a VTA sales tax would
have a much higher likelihood of harming the VTA tax than a different
business license tax.

Council Member Wolbach: What about something like a parcel tax?

Mr. Keene: We did not talk about a parcel tax. A lot of it was just informed
by and obviously wanting to look at a measure that would not as directly
impact residents or old folks. Not to say that they're exempt from sales tax.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I was hearing this touched on just a
couple of minutes ago. I'm trying to get real clarity about whether this set

                                                                       Page 119 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
