                          TRANSCRIPT
revenue potential. I don't know how big it could be. I was talking to Jim the
other day of some cities are offering lit fiber services instead of dark fiber;
those have been highly profitable. We have this question about business
revenue and potential business tax. I think it'd be good to see some of the
trends of business revenue versus residential revenue over time to see if
we're keeping up. Just to echo the comments about the unfunded liability. I
would support trying to find a way to pay into a fund for that. The other
part of that that would be really useful is if we just start to report it and
track it in a more transparent way. If we had the ability when we're making
decisions to know what the long-term cost impacts would be, I think it would
keep it more present in the minds of Council.            We would be really
considering the full cost of decisions we're making. Again, that's not really
saying we would necessarily pay it differently. I think just making it more
visible would be useful. Just let me check my notes real quick. Just a real
quick clarification.    The Capital Improvement Budget and the Capital
Infrastructure Plan, is one a subset of the other? They're not additive, right?

Mr. Perez: That's correct. I think that's a good point to just remind the
Council and the community that we segregated the projects and the funding
for the infrastructure master plan, which started at $126 million when it was
adopted by the Council. As part of a way to report the progress, we call it
out.

Council Member DuBois: The last point is really back to getting comfortable
with the budget. If there are places for cost savings or efficiency projects,
using technology to get more efficient, projects that pay for themselves in
terms of cost savings, we're a complicated City trying to do a lot. I really
think we need to kind of focus on—we're looking at a new ERP system, for
instance. Are there ways that we can create efficiencies that actually save
us money? Thanks.

Mr. Perez: Thank you for the support. We agree.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I'll be brief since I'm on Finance. I just wanted to
give you a heads up. When you come to Finance—I've mentioned this
before, but it seems to not happen. I think it'd be really helpful when we get
the budget—it's a static document basically. When you come to Finance and
following up with the Council, come with information and be able to
demonstrate with open data or open gov—I've forgotten what it's called—
how we're comparing to prior years. It's just a quick, easy shift from one
screen to another. I think that can really help us. The other thing—help us
know where we are and help us benchmark ourselves. The other thing is

                                                                         Page 47 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
