                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Given what I've heard from DTSC thus far, they
think you've already gone above and beyond what's necessary for the site. I
think it's highly unlikely that in their professional judgment they'll ask you
add such sub-slab depressurization or ventilation. I guess I look back to the
maker and my colleagues to see if anyone else is interested in pursuing this
question further.

Mayor Burt: If you want to offer an amendment, offer an amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll hold off on—I'm trying to figure out the best
way to phrase this. I'll just offer it as an amendment, and hopefully it'll be
friendly. An additional vapor intrusion protection be added in the form of
sub-slab ventilation or depressurization.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to accept. I don't feel that strongly one
way or the other actually. I was interested in their comments that it actually
would be difficult to maintain.

Mayor Burt: I'll support the amendment.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to add to the Motion, “an additional vapor intrusion measure be added
including sub-slab ventilation or depressurization.” (New Part v)

Mayor Burt: Do you want to speak further to it or can we ...

Council Member Wolbach: Just to speak very briefly again. Cost isn't the
issue. I think it's worth including. It'll again increase the level of comfort in
the community and on the Council for approving this project.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say briefly that I think this site does have ongoing
concerns about the residual contaminants and toxics. Additional measures
would be prudent. To put them in at the outset is the lowest cost way to
address it. That's my reason for supporting it. Does anyone else wish to
speak on the amendment specifically? Let's vote on the Amendment. That
passes on a 6-2 with Council Member Schmid and Filseth voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Filseth, Schmid no, DuBois absent

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Filseth, did you want to speak on the main
Motion?

Council Member Filseth: I had one more question I want to ask DTSC if
possible. You indicated a couple of times that you have this model. The
model predicts that there's not going to be a lot TCE on the other side of the
streets. The residents have come back and said they've found TCE on the
                                                                          Page 65 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
