                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: We've talked a lot about some of the things that we could do on
Loma Verde. If we wanted to install one-way, separated bikeways similar to
what we're looking at on East Meadow, you would either need to remove all
of the parking on Loma Verde or you would need to convert it to a one-way
street for motor vehicles. By converting it to a one-way street, you could
use one of the travel lanes to get the width that you need to have one-way,
separated bikeways, the necessary buffer between the bikeways, and the
remaining travel lane. Without doing that, if we were to keep the existing
standard bike lanes that are there today, we could look at some conflict
markings, some enhanced green pavement markings. Perhaps there is an
opportunity to switch the parking and create a chicane-type of effect. Move
the parking back and forth on each block so that you reduce motor vehicle
speeds. I think we would need to look at some type of intersection
treatments, whether it be roundabouts or center choker islands, something
to create that kind of horizontal deflection. I think there's opportunities to
get the motor vehicle speeds down. You're still not going to have that
separated condition that a trail would have. Folks are going to need to share
the lane in some locations and ride adjacent to motor vehicle traffic. In a lot
of places, they'll be between a travel lane and on-street parking, which is
not a comfortable place for a lot of inexperienced cyclists and folks that want
that off-street condition. We can get almost there, but I don't think we're
going to create that condition that people are looking for when they go trail
riding and want to be completely separated from traffic.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to sort of wrap up. I just don't think that
this creek provides that trail vibe that people are looking for when they're
looking for trail riding. That's what our bike bridge at Adobe is designed to
provide, so people can go to the Baylands and bike or walk over there. For
commuting, a straight shot is much easier than this back and forth thing
that we've got with this proposal. I don't think it really provides a great—I
don't think that the creek will provide a great recreational opportunity,
something of a recreational opportunity but not top notch. It doesn't
provide a top notch commute option because of the back and forth and
because of the location. Again, whether it's through improvements such as
were just mentioned or if we do decide to look more at a Class IV bike lane
on Loma Verde, I'm not ready to rule that out. I think that's where our
focus should be after tonight.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. You said it, but I didn't really follow it. If we
just do the segments, the D, E and F, where does that hook into a bike

                                                                        Page 43 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
