                          TRANSCRIPT
D.    Provide a landscape reserve South of Building Number 3 sufficient to
      provide for a future bikeway spine, should a spine project be adopted
      in the future by Stanford University and the City. Agreement to this
      condition would be required from the Lessee and Stanford University.

Mayor Burt: Do you have additional comments on your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm just going to briefly say that I think this is
predominantly the kind of project we should want as a City. We've taken
care of the impacts.       It's replacing the existing square footage.   It's
environmentally sensitive and sustainable. It's LEED Platinum. It's got no
natural gas being used. It meets all of those requirements that we as a City
talk about when we talk about sustainability. That's really important. I
think it's a good project.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'll be brief. I think the project highlights that the
Vice Mayor has just called out, which were these. They're in blue. I think
they indicate strongly. The persuasive part of this for me has been the 700
acres. I did hear there was a letter from Stanford indicating that would
continue to be balanced out. Is that correct, Cara? Would you just nod your
head? Yes. We can be certain, we can be comfortable knowing that overall
when that extra million is added at some point, 30,000 of that will come
right off the top. As you said earlier, you're either dealing with this as an
entire parcel or you're dealing with it as an individual project. I am choosing
to deal with it as a 700-acre discussion rather than breaking it down into the
individual parts we talked about earlier. I would call out the Platinum
design. As Mayor Holman mentioned earlier, this is a handsome project.
Was that the word? Something like that. It is. The building that is there, in
my opinion, is not going to win architecture awards. It was done a long time
ago. It was done piecemeal. This will be done as an entire campus, which
has great importance. The TDM which was done absolutely voluntarily, as I
understand, because it's not a requirement. I did actually see a copy of the
TDM, was impressive. We've talked about the soil. We've talked about the
green space. I appreciate the Mayor adding that these should be indigenous
plantings, which will make a difference. It looks to me as though in the end,
this will be a very attractive campus. I hope something can be worked out
with the so-called spine such that there could be biking in that area. Again,
I realize that we probably wouldn't be asking Google or LinkedIn if we could
bike through their campus. I think this is the same kind of issue. With that,
my second stands.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

                                                                         Page 79 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
