                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: "I" for sites on Homer/Emerson corridor located at
da, da, da. You're talking about all these things that aren't allowed. Really
that pretty much leaves retail and personal service. Maybe that could be
clarified.

Mr. Lait: There's a whole table of permitted uses for the RT-35 zone. What
Section C is saying is that for office uses in particular, there are a number of
restrictions. They can't be on the ground floor unless A through F are
satisfied.

Council Member Holman: Basically preexisting.

Mr. Lait: Right, but I wouldn't go so far as to say that only retail could be on
Homer and Emerson.

Council Member Holman: I think the other allowed use is—it's too late to
get into this, but it's just ...

Mayor Burt: Let's just seek a clarification on that. Vice Mayor Scharff, you
had a ...

Council Member Holman: Clarification on that, and then one other thing.
For whatever reason, if we're going to do the—just quickly. If we're going to
do the clarification that retail or personal service is going to be required,
then I don't know why the office building at the corner of Emerson and
Forest, the southwest corner, isn't included.

Mr. Lait: Just so I'm clear on the Motion, if I may, Mayor. As I'm
understanding it, we're going to take the GF boundary, and we're going to
extend it to every place that's got ground-floor retail today in the Downtown
and SOFA II boundaries. There will be on our districting map here the GF
designation where there's existing ground-floor retail today.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Mr. Lait: That's what I’m understanding to be the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Subject to the outreach. We may hear arguments ...

Mr. Lait: That will be our starting place.

Council Member Holman: Just one quick clarification on that. There is some
talk about having some places amortized out. I know that's future, but do
we want to—for instance, if there's—I'll just make this up—four retailers and
                                                                       Page 105 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
