                          TRANSCRIPT
dubious numbers or doubtful numbers. Of course, the one on Heather was
the largest pumper we thought, because it had two hoses going. As Leo
from Public Works said, it was a real gusher. On December 13th, Public
Works will come to the Policy and Services Committee and discuss their
recommendations for 2017. We had hoped that this City Council, who had
given the directions in February, would be able to hear that discussion, but
you're not going to because Public Works is late in coming to the City
Council. I'm speaking for myself now in saying that I think there's a
completely lack of transparency in this process. The fill stations did not
work. The tanker truck fill stations did not work. I don’t want to say they
didn't work 100 percent of the time, but they didn't work enough so that less
than 1 percent of the groundwater extracted was actually recycled or used.
I would like to recommend that there be a Citizens Oversight Committee. I
would like to volunteer to be on that committee. I know Public Works is
short of Staff; we keep hearing that. I think citizens could help read the
meters, keep track of the meters, keep the tally so that there is
transparency. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Mark Mollineaux.

Mark Mollineaux: Hi there. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I live in Redwood
City. Here's a summary of an attitude I've identified here at the Palo Alto
City Council. We'd love to have more people able to live here in Palo Alto,
but it will hurt the traffic. There will be too much noise. It'll be a burden in
our schools. It'll ruin the neighborhood character. It'll ruin my housing
value. Why do they have to move here? Why us? Here's an attitude I've
seen from other parts of the U.S. We'd love to have more immigrants and
refugees, but they're dangerous, and they don't understand our culture. The
government systems don't have the ability to support them. Why do they
have to move here? Why us? The first is NIMBY-ism and the later is
nativism. I think they're very much the same thing. People here aren't
trying to do bad, but they're part of a system that makes it structurally
inevitable to keep people out of Palo Alto. Our Council people speak to their
constituents, and their constituents answer to their own interests. I get
that. We need to look at the reasons for the structural cause of this and fix
them.     This may sound a bit hyperbolic, but I think it's very true.
Proposition (Prop) 13 caused Donald Trump. California's inability to let more
people in at affordable rates of living has exacerbated the red state,
economic misery and has led to a greater and greater cultural disconnect. I
really think that if you're complicit with Prop 13 and don't support the full
repeal of Prop 13, you're complicit with the system that inevitably leads to
Donald Trump. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We now have concluded oral comments.
                                                                          Page 5 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
