                          TRANSCRIPT
kindness and consideration.        Carla lives in Santa Cruz, and public
transportation is currently not a realistic method for her to get to work every
day. I would ask the Council to strive for compromise, to consider people
like Carla, and to not eliminate completely parking permits for hardworking
Downtown employees as it continues to seek ways to ease parking
congestion in the Downtown area. Goals achieved through teamwork are
often the most rewarding. Thank you very much.

Council Member Schmid: If I could make a last call, if anyone wants to put
a speaker card in, do it now. Next speaker is Canyon Crosby, to be followed
by Brad Ehikian. Canyon is ...

Male: Canyon had to leave.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Brad Ehikian to be followed by Nisha
Gabbi.

Brad Ehikian: Good afternoon. My name is Brad Ehikian, and I am a
partner at Premier Properties. Our firm transacts roughly around 60 leases
a year in Downtown Palo Alto, and that's mixed between retail and office.
One of the most common questions that we have to field is where do I park.
From now, those are pretty much broken into two tranches. The first being
the office worker who can afford a permit but are on a waiting list to obtain
a garage.     The second is a service worker who's just looking for an
affordable, long-term solution. Most employees do not live in Downtown and
must commute to work. Up to now, the parking options have been the
following. One is you obtain a garage permit. Most service workers cannot
afford this option. For the employees that can afford the annual permit, the
lots are oversold, so the parking stall is not guaranteed. Most employees
know if you leave the garage during the day, you don't come back. As of
today, I was leaving the office; one of my employees have now told me that
they are not able to even access the valet parking. Now he's parking on the
street. The second is public transportation. Most people don't live near
public transportation which is a logistical nightmare. For daily commuters
without employer participation, this is a very expensive option and could add
hours to individual commutes. For many workers, this is not a viable
solution. Parking in Caltrain's lots for five dollars a day, unfortunately not
only is the space limited, the lot fills up by 9:00, but they're taking a spot
from Caltrain's commuters who are now forced to go park in the
neighborhood. Four, you can park in the garages, like Cowper and Webster,
and pay $17 a day. If you're a service worker making $8 and $10 an hour,
two hours of your day goes to parking expenses. Again, not a good solution.
Five, move your car every two hours, creating congestion and more traffic.
Six, obtain a permit through the RPP zone which, now we're hearing, is

                                                                         Page 18 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
