                          TRANSCRIPT
Avenue parcels demarcate the extent of soil vapor impacted by TCE based
on the sampling and subsequent evaluation conducted by the State. Soil
vapor with TCE at concentrations exceeding screening levels occurs more
than 200 feet east of California Avenue and does not extend to California
Avenue. Those are pretty clear, definitive statements. That's the material
we have to base our decision on. Let me ask again, do you think it would be
appropriate for Council Members, depending upon experts from the State, to
endorse a zoning map based upon those kind of statements or should we
wait for your objective expertise on the information that has come from the
California residents west of California Avenue?

Mr. Piros: I think as far as the decision on this site, the data that you have
from—as far as making a decision on the zoning map, it's based on data
from the site. That's the data that we have at this point.

Council Member Schmid: You clearly extrapolated it and said we do not
need to do further sampling. The further sampling has opened up ...

Mr. Piros: At the time with the data we had, that was—we felt that that was
the correct conclusion. I think Ms. Gallardo mentioned during her talk that
sometimes investigation can be an iterative thing.             When you do
investigation, you're never going to have 100 percent certainty. In fact, I
think there's a USEPA guide that specifically status that, that there's a lot of
professional judgment involved. At the time, we believed—we thought it
was fairly well delineated. Of course, with the ...

Female: (inaudible)

Mr. Piros: I'm sorry if I didn't state that as I should. I lost my train of
thought. As far as the results we just got from the sampling by College
Terrace residents is new information which, of course, we have to consider.
I'm not sure if the proposed residential development has a lot of bearing
which with any investigation or follow-up evaluation that needs to occur to
address the results that have been found at College Terrace.

Council Member Schmid: That was one of the fundamental questions that
was asked at the beginning.

Mr. Piros: One of the other things I'd mention is there is the area of
significant chemical impact, which still remains to be addressed. We need to
make a final determination on what's going to occur there. At the least,
we're anticipating land use restrictions, but we do need to—in the response
to Mr. Siegel's group, I think we did state that there was going to be a
summary document that discussed the basis for the action.            We are
anticipating that there is going to be—we (inaudible) the least land use
                                                                          Page 44 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
