                         TRANSCRIPT

to us whether we would participate. If the pilot went forward, Palo Alto
could opt in or opt out. Local control was still preserved in what that policy
advisory board recommended.        That was for a pilot that would not
completely take a lane away from others, but would be open to high
occupancy vehicles. Being a pilot would be not permanent. I don't think we
should predicate our support for this on anything related to Bus Rapid
Transit. Those are my critical comments for now.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach: Like I said, if there's anything that needs to get
put in the motion, I'm open to others' thoughts.

Mayor Burt: Just want to make everybody cognizant of our hour. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A couple of questions. If this is like a midpoint,
isn't this a time that we should suggest any changes or continued
collaboration amendments to this? I mean, if not now when?

Mayor Burt: The intention actually is to have a common set of positions at
this point in time. I would say no, just the opposite.

Council Member Holman: It's a different set of people now than when I was
there, because of so many of our cities having one-year Mayor terms. When
I was there—I don't want to misrepresent it. John was there. Nice to see
you, by the way. It seemed like because this was going to come back to our
various Councils, that the group was interested in what the full Council input
was going to be. It wasn't just like here's what the Mayors and City
Managers are recommending, take it to your Council and we expect a
rubberstamp. That wasn't what the anticipation was, as I understood it at
the time.

Mayor Burt: Maybe I can clarify. There'd be a distinction between what we
are supporting as our current advocacy position and input on any other
elements to this that Council Members think should have greater emphasis.
The wanting to have one common advocacy position at this time and then
input from the Council on any other priority emphasis as we moved forward.

Council Member Holman:          The collaboration is important in having a
common message, agree. It seems to me—I know there was a lot of
discussion. Again, it's a different set of people mostly. We were focusing on
congestion relief. It was pretty widely considered that the BART to San Jose
                                                                        Page 85 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
