                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Morin: One thousand two hundred and fifty citizens who have signed a
petition urging you to fix Palo Alto's housing crisis. Again, this is go big on
housing.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Morin: Thank you for listening. Go big on housing. These I will leave
with (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mary Jane Marcus, to be
followed by Leofa Tan—I should look up here. Tanjuatco, excuse me.

Mary Jane Marcus: Thanks. My name's Mary Jane. I live in College Terrace.
I grew up here, went to Nixon and Gunn. Anyway, I just want to urge you
to support really expanding housing options. I wouldn't say housing in
general; I mean small housing. I think that's one way to make at least
expensive housing possible for people rather than just exorbitant. I just
want to urge you to consider that it doesn't have to be new developments.
Those of us who want more housing don't necessarily want big
developments. If you look at College Terrace as an example, we have all
these—right now our whole Code is incentivizing massive single-family
homes, huge lot coverage. We need to incentivize smaller housing, maybe
two housing units where there's one massive home right now. Young
families are willing to—they can live in 1,500 square feet, 1,200 square feet.
They don't need 5,000 square feet. That also contributes to wealth and
equality, because you've got only very wealthy people who can live here at
this point, when you have a housing stock that so favors massive housing. I
just want to urge you, when you look at this fifth option, hopefully you'll
support it, to look at zoning and how to add more density. This is a lot of
small units throughout the City rather than just consider new developments.
Thanks. The last thing just to mention, there are eight men on the Council
and two women, none of whom—there are not anyone who's got young
children. I've got a two year old. Just to really take our voices seriously
because it's hard for us to get here. We're not able to be on the City
Council. To really emphasize our voices because we're not in the room when
you guys are meeting. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Leora Tanjuatco to be followed by Daniel Camp.
Welcome.

Leora Tanjuatco: Hi. I lived and worked in Palo Alto from 2010 to 2012. I
had to leave because I felt like I was taking my entire paycheck and just
giving it to my landlord. The cost of housing has impacted the lives of
people my age in a lot of different ways. Mary Jane talked about it a little
bit. You guys showed a picture of a baby. I'm about 30, and half of my
                                                                        Page 73 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
