                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to:

A.   Authorize Staff to amend the 1991 Cubberley Master Plan to provide
     for additional uses in Buildings A, B, C, D, I, J, K, and P currently
     occupied by Foothill Community College (educational use) and apply
     for necessary planning entitlements to allow additional community
     oriented uses; and

B.   Adopt a finding that these actions are exempt from the California
     Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) under Section 15301 of the CEQA
     Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: We have to speak up here. That's a Motion by Council Member
Holman, seconded by Council Member Schmid. Council Member Holman,
would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Holman:         Only just briefly.     I don't mean to be
unsympathetic to the plight of fundraising. Yes, it's always difficult to do a
fundraising project. From my perspective, it seems like this should be part
of a budget that's established to plan for a project. The main thing is the
policy situation. Where do we draw the line? We have all these valuable
and valued community organizations. I just don't know where we draw the
line. The one that really drew my attention to it was the one with FOPAL
which actually makes donations of significant measure to our libraries every
year. From a policy statement and a policy standpoint, it gets too twisty,
windy. What is our policy? That's why I made the Motion the way I did.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Clarification of the Motion.      It's the one on the
board, is that right? The one in front of us?

Council Member Holman:       Yes.   It is "A" and "B," but in the Staff
recommendations it's actually "1" and "3" on the Staff Report. It's correct
the way it is on the screen.

Council Member Schmid: You talked about qualifications about Avenidas.
It's not a part of your Motion.

Council Member Holman: Because Number 2 just says to accept a lease rate
of $1 per square foot. I guess I'm looking to Lalo or Rob ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I believe that Council Member Holman
deliberately omitted Number 2 as the means to (crosstalk) ...

                                                                       Page 26 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
