                         TRANSCRIPT
lot of water keeping a lawn green. Trees have their roots in the lawn area,
not in the parkway. Having a green parkway does not provide as much for
the tree as having a soaker hose in the lawn. I'm hoping that you can go to
either a 5 or 7-year cycle for trimming trees, particularly in this time of
stress to the trees and look at alternative ways to keep our City of trees so
special. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Fred Balin, to be followed by
Bill Ross.

Fred Balin: Thank you. Fred Balin, College Terrace adjacent to Mayfield
Faculty Housing project. June 2014, 17-acre integrated 3-parcel application
here, required Phase 2 environmental site assessment for 8.5 acres, 1601
Cal. Ave. parcel missing, sampling of TCE in groundwater on adjacent parcel
not mentioned in environmental memo, project approved, permits issued,
construction begins. Nine months later, Spring 2015, hazardous materials
uncovered on the 1601 parcel. Six more months until the public is first
notified.   Resident scramble for information begins.        Applicant's risk
assessment and preliminary Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC)
approval suddenly appears.       Application submitted for minor technical
corrections under both limited public review and environmental assessment,
includes a no-build zone, 29 houses moved, interior road adjustments due to
an unremediated contamination.         January 2016, residents and their
consultant file response reports to DTSC. Our data analysis shows actual
spread of TCE is 300 feet, not 50. Why? Because the risk assessment is
based on a model filled with assumptions and black box factors. March
2016, applicant stands by its risk assessment, reaffirms that there is no risk
to College Terrace or need for additional testing. Residents engage an
expert to measure vapor samples on College Terrace properties near the
development site. May 2016, protocol established, measurements taken.
Results in double-blind study submitted to DTSC on June 3rd. Follow-up
based on the studies suspended to deal with this premature rush to
judgment on the calendar. There are other required steps DTSC must still
undertake, review of preliminary endangerment assessment, public notice
and response to land use controls. The application is incomplete and should
be continued until such time as DTSC has completely and properly concluded
its work, and the application is filed under the proper section of the
Municipal Code. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bill Ross, to be followed by
one additional speaker, a late card, Stephanie Munoz. Stephanie Munoz.



                                                                        Page 7 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
