                         TRANSCRIPT
actually can carry that water to the Bay and out of the way in a reasonable
timeframe. When you build 50 percent or 60 percent and you block it with
basements, they're essentially dams in the underground aquifer. It's not
negligible. If someone does a calculation, you'll find out that it actually is
not negligible where the groundwater table is high.          Those are my
comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes Item Number 1 for tonight.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We now move on to Oral Communication for any items not on
the Agenda. We have four speakers, and each speaker will have up to three
minutes to speak. Our first speaker is William Brenegar. Welcome.

William Brenegar: First, I want to tell you I've enjoyed the meetings
tonight, even though we've got some far-fetched things and everything. We
do have a problem that we need to address. We can address it pretty
rapidly. We have a situation within our Police Department that for some
reason they pick out certain groups of people to harass and other groups
they don't bother. I'll give you an example. If you go to Alma, you go to El
Camino, over here to University, Hamilton, it's a drag strip if you're a
Maserati or you're a Ferrari. You run your engine and you go just as fast as
you can. If you see a guy in a Toyota, he's going to get pulled over. I'm not
worried about them speeding as much as what they can do. When they run
over a kid, when they run over a tourist, all the good work that has been
done in the past will be thrown away. We have some good policemen; I'm
not saying they're all bad. We've got a few that need a personality change.
They are not Gestapo; we are American citizens. We need to be treated like
American citizens. I want to complement our Fire Department. They've
saved my life plenty of times. I had a bad heart. That organization, every
time I've seen them operate, they do a good job. With the police, it's kind
of luck of the draw what are you going to get, who's going to respond to
your call if they respond to a call. I'm going to give you one example. Two
years ago there was a gentleman, he was a veteran, he fell over here in this
park between Bryant and Ramona. He fell at 9:00 at night; everybody's
supposed to be out of the park, I think, at 10:00 or 10:30. He waved, trying
to get the police to stop; they wouldn't stop. Rode up on him the next
morning, what's the matter? I think I broke my hip. We called 911. There
happened to be a little policeman in between the firehouse and where we
were at. He rolled up and said, "Joe, what are you doing over there?" The
guy's name wasn't Joe; it was Gary. Gary had broke his hip. We tried to
explain to him that this was not Joe. Here comes the Fire Department.
They roll up, and they're coming across the park. This policeman is running

                                                                       Page 25 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
