                         TRANSCRIPT
response to a number of emails received from members of the public.             It
wasn't Sand Hill who did that.

Minutes Approval

3.   Approval of Action Minutes for the December 7, 9, and 14, 2015
     Council Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes. These are the Minutes
from December 7th, 9th and 14th of 2015. Can we approve them as a set,
City Attorney? We can. I'll entertain a Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the Action Minutes for the December 7, 9, and 14, 2015 Council
Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve those sets of Minutes by Vice Mayor Scharff,
seconded by Council Member Berman. Any discussion? Please vote on the
board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Consent Calendar, which is actually Items
4-19. We have five speakers on Consent. If anyone else wishes to speak,
they need to come forward now. Each speaker will have two minutes to
speak. City Attorney, did you or Staff have something clarifying on one of
the items in response to issues raised by a member of the public in writing?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I did speak with
the City Attorney's Staff, and we looked at the comments that came in from
Herb Borock on Item 15. In fact, I take a moment to respond as usual.
Many thanks to Herb for the close reading. We always benefit from his close
attention to these things. He really raises three points. The first one, I
think, he is absolutely correct. There's language in the ordinance that
seems to suggest that site and design approvals require approval by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB). It's actually in the existing Code. Here's
an opportunity to correct it. I think we're agreeing with Mr. Borock that we
could strike the words "and approval" before "by the ARB" on Council Packet
Page 383. That's a change we'd like to incorporate into the ordinance this
                                                                      Page 15 of 94
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/11/16
