                         TRANSCRIPT
      iii.   An Ordinance making minor amendments to Chapter 16.36
             (House Numbering) and Chapter 16.40 (Unsafe Buildings) to
             conform with state law; and

B.   Adopt categorical exemptions under sections 15305 and 15308 of the
     California Environmental Quality Act Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: That's the Motion as on our screens by Vice Mayor Scharff,
seconded by Council Member Wolbach. Would you like to speak to your
Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. I wanted to thank Staff for all the effort
this took and the hard work. I know this is sort of a short item, and I
appreciate the highlights to everything you did. It gives me a sense without
having to read all the Code. Thanks again for all your hard work.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: As a member of the Finance Committee, I ought
to ask the question. Everything that you've laid out makes sense, looks
good, improvements. What kind of costs are we talking about adding on to
new construction? I raise this issue because affordable housing is a critical
piece of our looking forward at our Comp Plan.

Mr. Pirnejad: When we discussed these amongst Staff and with the DCAG,
we brought up specifically the issue of cost. Staff determined along with
input from our stakeholders that the cost was de minimis. These were
improvements that would add value to the construction projects. We talked
to Palo Alto Housing Corp. as well. We have a member from their group on
our DCAG. They also confirmed that the issues that we're talking about are
in the best interests of the construction and the life of the construction and
improving their investment. The most costly would be the fire sprinklers,
but again it's one of those issues that adds value to the construction,
reduces insurance costs.

Council Member Schmid: There was no notion of adding one percent, two
percent to the cost of the new home?

Mr. Pirnejad: We didn't go through an in-depth cost evaluation or Return on
Investment (ROI) study. We did go through an overview of the measures
and determined that they were de minimis enough not to have to go through
that rigorous review.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.


                                                                       Page 42 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
