                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Yang: Good evening, Council Members, Mayor Burt. Before you is our
annual update to the Administrative Penalty Schedule. We brought this item
before you a few weeks ago and took it back to respond to a number of
Council comments. Those are addressed in the Staff Report. I do just want
to make one clarifying note. The amounts in the draft Penalty Schedule all
reflect the initial penalties that are available through a citation. For the
subsequent violations of the same section, penalties will increase. For the
second violation, the penalty is 1 1/2 times the amount stated. For the third
and subsequent violations, the penalty is twice the amount that's stated in
the Penalty Schedule. I am available and Director Gitelman available for any
questions you may have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Any questions from Council of Staff? If not, we'll
move on to members of the public who—we have ten speaker cards and
more. If anyone else wishes to speak, please bring forward a card at this
time. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of questions. The language having
to do with—I have the same question around some things. The language
around—I'm trying to find it here. It's Packet Page 63. It's 16.49.050. This
is one of three, where I have the same question. It says exterior alteration
of Downtown structures or significant structure outside the Downtown
without or in violation of a permit. What's the definition of a significant
structure?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Council Member Holman. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I
think we note in our Staff Report that several of these items we've added
with regard to historic structures are going to need supporting amendments
in the section of the Zoning Ordinance about historic preservation. We could
address that, if it's not already addressed, in Section 16 of the Municipal
Code when we go back to add the definition of demolition as we've discussed
and substantial alteration.

Council Member Holman: I understand coming back with a definition of
demolition. In the meantime—I'd like to know if there's a timeline on
coming back with a definition of demolition—why could this not just be
identified as exterior alteration of Downtown historic structures or identified
historic structure? That language is used quite a bit; identified historic
structure is used a fair amount, I think, in our Code. Then it has a meaning.

Mr. Yang: A significant building is the term that's used in those sections of
the Municipal Code. It's also defined in Chapter 16.49. A significant building
means any building, group of buildings or site categorized on the Historic

                                                                         Page 11 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
