                          TRANSCRIPT
people will accept? Will they accept it grudgingly? Will they accept it
enthusiastically? We've seen in other cities it's happened expeditiously and
well. We need to see what that would look like here. I'll skip dewatering;
we have other items coming before you about that. I'd like to defer a
response to that. On Zero Waste, we've done extremely well so far. We're
probably second or third City in the country on waste reduction. You're
absolutely right construction and demolition is an open item that we haven't
been successful on or as successful as we would like to be. I think your
point about embodied energy is extremely well taken. We don't just want to
scrap the old and build the new and lose the value of those materials. I
think it's an area where we need more work and where there is multiple
benefits from pursuing that economic, quality of life, carbon impacts and the
rest. On economic accessibility, I think this is always the challenge with
innovation. The innovations tend to be adopted by wealthier people first.
As they hit market scale and the prices come down, they become more
accessible to more people. That's sort of the baseline we start with. We
might think about as an intentional policy commitment by the City to expand
that accessibility early on. One of the things that the TMA is looking at is
first and last-mile solutions specifically tailored to service workers in
Downtown who are not wealthy, who in many cases work multiple jobs, can't
avail themselves of the transit alternatives that are available. We're looking
at how do we impact not just the early adopters of fancy, new stuff, but
folks who have real needs and limited means and to tie them into what
you're referring to as a holistic solution.

Mayor Burt: I think I need to interject that we're not going to make our
timeline if we go into this depth on each topic. It exhibits that we have a lot
of important, related topics here. I think both we as a Council may be
putting out certain things that we won't necessarily get any kind of detailed
answer on. I think you're only going to have opportunity to give a pretty
high-level answer on most of these unless they're crucial policy decisions
that we need to have guidance. I didn't mean to say—if there are a couple
more of Council Member Holman's questions or comments that you can have
a very brief response on, that'd be fine.

Mr. Friend: Thank you. Just one more. The question of adaptive use of
buildings, a very specific challenge there. Should we build more parking
garages when there is demand for them now, but there may be drastically
reduced demand in the kind of future that Stefan Heck was talking about?
One way of addressing that uncertainty might be to design for adaptive
reuse. Build structures that have a particular function now, could be
converted to a different function later. Alternatively, you might plan to build
them and tear them down and replace them. These are questions that we'll

                                                                        Page 72 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
