                          TRANSCRIPT
equal, is a very advantageous environment for tax measures. Because it's a
presidential election, you're going to have a very high turnout over all.
That's going to generally mean more democrats, more younger voters, more
renters, more communities of color, all constituencies that tend to be
supportive of increasing the revenue available to finance public services.
That said, the level of support for the measure was high enough, coming in
at 65 percent initially, and the variations in turnout from election to election
here in Palo Alto, where you have a highly engaged electorate, are small
enough that we wanted to see how likely 2018 voters might view the same
measures. As you can see here, support is only four points lower, 61 to 32,
still basically 2:1, again well short of a two-thirds supermajority but solidly
over the majority that would be required for approval as a general tax. It
certainly appears that the 2018 election is equally viable compared to the
2016 election as a potential date for the measure to move forward. Finally,
we also took a look, as I mentioned before, at the potential impact on the
VTA tax. We tested the same language that we used in the initial survey,
which was provided to us by some of the folks involved with that campaign,
to summarize what it would fund. As you can see, the support is very, very
high, 75 percent indicating they would vote yes, 21 percent indicating they
would vote no. Again, the reactions I just showed you to a Palo Alto-specific
measure came in the context of voters already having been informed that
this countywide tax would be on the ballot. After we went through all the
back and forth and pro and con on the City measure, we then came back
and re-asked that same question about the VTA tax at the end of the poll.
As you'll see, we still had a two-thirds majority that indicated they would
vote yes, but it did reduce the overall support for the VTA measure by six
points, from 75 percent down to 69. I would also note that all of that
decline essentially came from the proportion who told us they would
definitely vote yes, which dropped from 43 down to 37 while the definite no
increased by almost the same proportion, four points. Obviously nothing
that changes the broad support that voters in the community have for that
tax, but it does suggest that the debate about a local measure would shave
some votes away from the VTA tax. That takes us to the conclusions that
we present here, which shows that there certainly is strong and broad
support for the concept as presented in the poll. We've got almost two-
thirds of voters in favor, about half of those are definite. The other
remaining half are somewhat tentative, saying they would probably vote yes
or lean in that direction. Again, clearly over the simple majority threshold
that would be required for approval. The numbers do go down over the
course of the poll as voters get more information both for the VTA tax and
for the Palo Alto tax. Again, both remain well over a simple majority. The
strongest and most popular uses of the money were tested in our previous
poll, and we didn't repeat those in detail here. We did see when given two
choices between funding alternatives to driving or trying to accommodate
                                                                          Page 49 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
