                          TRANSCRIPT
that number as needed for City projects; ensure that engineering solutions
are adaptable to changing predictions—for example, when we build a new
levee, making that base large enough to accommodate increasing in height if
we need that to happen—considering all three tools, when appropriate and
cost effective; looking at protecting, adapting and retreating to see which
one would work best—also using these tools together, because we have seen
that levees can fail in other parts of the country. It might be prudent to use
adaptation, like elevating our structures, in addition to levees—collaborating
with regional planning efforts. If we protect Palo Alto by itself, we will still
flood. We have examples of how we might apply these guiding principles
and tools. For example, the treatment plant, the Regional Wastewater
Quality Control Plant, is an essential facility to protect public health and the
environment. It is likely not cost effective to relocate and must, therefore,
be protected by levees in the long term, but we will still need adaptation
because we will need to start pumping our effluent against the tides. Right
now it's flowing gravity. We may need to construct new facilities differently
with rising groundwater in mind. In terms of facilities in the Baylands, right
now the SAFER project, which we will talk about later, will protect them for
the next five decades. We need to analyze the cost effectiveness of
increased protections if sea levels rise more quickly or higher than
anticipated. The Municipal Service Centers is already in an inundation zone,
and emergency response capabilities were affected in the 1998 flood. Using
all of the guiding principles to protect Municipal Service Center (MSC),
including access to allow emergency response, is something we need to look
at. Now we'll go through what is being done to protect the Bay Area and
Palo Alto in particular. Protection tools include, as we talked about, sea
walls, especially where there's not enough room like in San Francisco, and
levees. The thing that is emerging as one of the more exciting ideas is this
ecotone levee or horizontal levee. It's a vision for the future to help us
adapt. Basically what it is, is a levee at its core, and then it has a very long,
gentle slope that's planted with wetland vegetation. It is being piloted
across the Bay in the Oro Loma Sanitary District, where they also use
wastewater to seep through the levee to water and nourish the plants. They
have different plant palettes to figure out which ones work the best. The
benefits of using this kind of approach instead of a traditional levee is that—
Phil described the whole wave surge and having an extra factor for the
waves. The plants catch the waves, so these levees don't have to be as tall.
There's reduced maintenance because levees do erode if wind and waves get
into them all the time, but the wetlands will help protect them more. They
provide habitat because just like our land structures, wetlands will be under
water with sea level rise, and there will be no habitat unless we try to help
with ecotone levees. They could adapt to rising seas if enough sediment is
trapped and plants keep growing.           They have the potential to treat
wastewater. We've put together a list of some issues for consideration that
                                                                          Page 4 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
