                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “adopt the Midtown
Connector Feasibility Study.” (New Part C)

Mayor Burt: I want to wade in because I didn't get a chance to speak before
we had a Motion. A few things that I just want to clarify. First, on the issue
of whether we should continue to evaluate a grade separation at Loma
Verde, whether it be the full Alma and tracks, which we don't have on any
pure—I shouldn't say we don't have any. We have at Cal. Ave. one that we
can't ride through, but basically we have one. We have actually, if you look
at—first the need. We have a distance between East Meadow and Cal. Ave.
of about—pardon me?

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Between East Meadow and Cal. Ave.?

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: One point what?

Male: 1.3 (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: 1.3 miles with no track crossing. There is a need. Those who
aren't kids who ride or adults who ride don't necessarily have that
understanding of, if you want to have a bike system, you can't have that
kind of distances where people have to ride a half mile up one way and
three-quarters a mile back another way to just get across the tracks. That
doesn't work. People who don't understand biking can say real easily it's not
needed, but it's not accurate. The other issue is long term the need for a
grade separation. The initial studies we're looking at for the entire Caltrain
crossings at East Meadow and Charleston, which are going to be amongst
the biggest construction and Public Works projects we've ever had in our
community if and when they occur, I think eventually they're going to need
to occur. The notion that we'll have a whole other generation of kids who
won't have a safe grade separation crossing across Caltrain because this
motion would say it's really not needed to have one at Loma Verde since
eventually we're hoping to have something at East Meadow, I think that's
misguided. Those are a couple of points. I actually think that the Loma
Verde alternative is interesting especially for Ross westward to Alma. I'm
not sure if everybody appreciated that in order to get the desired two-way,

                                                                       Page 54 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
