                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. The second issue. This is something
that we discussed in Finance Committee. You probably read it in the
minutes. As Cara Silver of the Attorney's Office pointed out, our Housing
Element warns us to be thoughtful, to avoid undue fees that could have the
potential of either discouraging maintenance of housing stock—that's
something that Council Member Schmid brought up in the Finance
Committee—or also the creation of housing stock.             Undue fees can
discourage the creation of housing which is something, as we talked about it
at length last week, we're worried about. The sense we got from Staff was
that this probably won't be a problem. I was just going over the minutes
and reviewing that meeting. I want to make sure I'm clear on how this
process works. It sounds like the Housing Element that we have now—
basically it said it's not a problem right now based on our existing fees. We
haven't really studied yet whether the new fees might result in that problem.
I want to be clear about what the process is moving forward. We pass this,
we're increasing some fees, we might discover later, as we finish our new
Comp Plan, that that does create a problem, creating a disincentive to
maintain older housing or creating housing. It would come back, and we'd
say we made a mistake and we'll try and fix it later. Is there a smoother
and proactive process that I'm missing?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. I don't think any of us think
that the kinds of fee increases we're proposing here are going to be an
impediment to preserving or constructing housing in Palo Alto.          Fees
constitute—I think we talked about this at the Finance Committee—such a
minute percentage of the total cost of developing housing in our region. The
other thing I would note. You don't see here that there is an exemption in
the Fee Schedule that can be applied to affordable housing projects that are
developed by nonprofit developers.        A lot of the affordable housing
development we've seen in Palo Alto over the years has been by nonprofits
who are in the business of developing housing. We have the ability to give
them a fee waiver under the terms of the Housing Element and a section of
the Fee Schedule that you don't see tonight. In that sense, we can offer an
incentive when a developer is proposing new, below market rate housing.

Council Member Wolbach: As we discussed at Finance Committee, that does
not apply to a for-profit developer that decides to add a significant amount
of Below Market Rate (BMR) housing to their property. Is there any way
that we can—under the current process—that the City Manager or the
Planning Director can provide those waivers for a portion of the fees in
response to a developer offering a very substantial amount of BMR units
within what is ostensibly a for-profit development?



                                                                       Page 35 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
