                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: To summarize, the opinion I think we're hearing is
that the remediation proposed by Stanford with the 29 units from a
perspective of dealing with toxicity issues, which is different from sort of
architecture and design issues which a couple of people have brought up
too, is at least good enough. Irrespective of what they discovered across
the street, you don't think that would render that invalid?

Mr. Piros: No, I don't.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I really appreciate Council Member Filseth's and Council
Member Wolbach's summary of that. That was sort of where I was trying to
get to in my head, what you just stated. To summarize in my own way,
what I just heard was if we approve this, it does not put the neighbors in
any worse situation across the street. Approving this increases safety and
makes for a safer and better environment. Therefore, I haven't heard any
argument as to why we shouldn't approve this based on the toxicity issues.
Would that be a fair summary too?

Mr. Piros: I think so, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: With that, I'll move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second it.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt a Record of Land Use Action (ROLUA) regarding the Amendment to
the Final Map for Tract Number 10281.

Mayor Burt: You want to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. Obviously what I'm most concerned about here is
making sure that, one, the College Terrace neighbors are not put in any
worse situation. I haven't heard anyone articulate why they would suffer
from us doing this. The second thing is obviously I wouldn't want the new
Stanford residents to be in any danger. Frankly, I think it's unlikely that
Stanford would want to put their own residents in danger. I've got to say I
think that's unlikely. It is our job to look at that. We have DTSC telling us
that what Stanford is doing is appropriate. In fact, they're going above and
beyond. Given the fact they're going above and beyond—the only person
who has articulated anything that they should do more of is Mr. Siegel. I
wasn't completely happy with Stanford's answer; I thought it was not the

                                                                       Page 54 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
