                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I heard Staff being fairly negative on that as not being
clearly calculable. It'd be more of an estimate. I'm going to not accept it.

Council Member Berman: I'll offer that as an amendment.

Mayor Burt: I maybe be open to seconding it, but can you explain that
calculation before I do so?

Council Member Berman: I would happily ask Staff to.

Mr. Abendschein: There were two ways of calculating non-coincident peak.
The first was the investor-owned utility method, which was the sum of all
the individual customers' peaks. That was something we couldn't do without
smart meters. The other was the customer class, which is what I heard you
speak to. Customer class non-coincident peak is something that we can
estimate using cost of service methodologies.         It's not a directly
measureable number, but it is something that we can estimate using
routinely used cost of service methodologies.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask a follow-up?

Council Member Berman: Please.

Mayor Burt: What I think I just heard is that because you can estimate it,
it's not a big—it's imprecise but not a big Staff chore to do so. Is that
correct?

Mr. Abendschein: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I ask a follow-up question?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are there any legal or other reason why we wouldn't do
this? You just indicated now that it's not a hard chore to do, that it seems
okay. I'm sympathetic to the idea of raising it. If there aren't legal
impediments to doing it, it just seemed to me funny that we're changing it
at the last minute. If this is not a problem, I'm on board.

Mr. Shikada: We believe that it's effectively a refining or a variation on the
method that does not in and of itself create a new concern. In fact, I believe
the recent bill that was working its way through the Legislature proposed
that this would apply to public power as well. Given that, we believe that
this is in the range of doable.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then I would accept it, if Karen would.
                                                                       Page 40 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
