                          TRANSCRIPT
degrades. We can harm the groundwater-dependent ecosystems and rivers
and lakes. In addition to all of that, pumping is energy-intensive and can
lead to increase in greenhouse gases.       These are many reports from
Stanford; it has a good website, and it has a lot of studies that they have
done. Just to sum it all up, The New York Times says California is so far
ahead of the country on other environmental issues. It became the last
state in the arid west to move towards serious limits on the use of its
groundwater. I hope we can be leaders and not followers on this issue.
Please help us save Palo Alto's groundwater. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our last speaker is Rita Vrhel.

Rita Vrhel: I feel like Ester and I are kind of doing this water drip on you all,
but we both went to a conference in Mountain View on the 26th, last week,
which was part of the Lane series on environmental issues hosted by POST.
Jay Famiglietti, who was a hydrologist at UC Irvine, spoke. He has been
doing some very interesting things for the last five years, working with NASA
to map monthly increases or decreases in the surface and the amount—I
have to be careful the way I say this—the increase or decrease in water on
the earth. This has been not only done in California but all around the
world. His words to us in California were, "You're screwed." What he
indicated was that we've had the hottest and the driest multiyear winter in
California since 1895. He estimated that California needs 12 trillion gallons
of water to recover from the current five year drought, that there is a
significant loss of groundwater due to most cities and many individuals
pumping either the deep or the shallow aquifer for irrigation or water to
make up for the loss of normal rainwater or the water that has been stored
in our reservoirs. He indicated that management of surface water is one
part of water management, but an equal and perhaps even more important
part is the management of the groundwater. Unfortunately, no one knows
how much groundwater we actually have. To continue to pump it and use it
to meet our everyday needs is not sustainable. I'm glad that Phase 2 of the
Public Works Department's groundwater initiative is to start trying to figure
out how much groundwater we have, so that we will be able to manage it for
the future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

3.    Approval of Action Minutes for the April 18, 2016 Council Meeting.

[This item was heard after City Manager Comments.]


                                                                         Page 21 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
