                          TRANSCRIPT
issues that, I think, we share interest in here. I think what we're going to
have to do tonight is focus any questions or comments around that specific
issue. If the any of the broad issues relate or affect our support for this
addendum with Mountain View, then that's what we need to discuss tonight.
We have to figure out when we would be able to have occasions to have
broader, long-term discussions around this whole range of alternatives that
Phil described and is in the informational report that we got. We now
actually have one speaker card. Why don't we go ahead and hear from Herb
Borock, and then return to us and to try focus our conversation around the
Mountain View contract for this meeting. We're going to have the desire to
have broader discussions in the future.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. I raised the question about pricing in
my letter. As we go on and use more recycled water from the treatment
plant, it becomes a question for two reasons. One, currently our share of
the treatment plant costs are charged to our Wastewater Utility, which we
collect wastewater and bring it to the treatment plant. If we're treating that
water so that it can then be recycled and used by what's essentially our
water utility in Palo Alto, it may make more sense to be charging that share
of the treatment costs to the water utility. The second question is what will
happen if using the current way of calculating prices for recycled water
versus potable water—that is as customers are able to buy cheaper recycled
water, the remaining customers of the potable water are going to have their
prices going up, because they have to be covering those larger fixed costs.
That's why I raised the question of what is the proper way to do it for Palo
Alto. That's a political question as well as a legal question. Related to that
is also whether those receiving or the uses of that recycled water are the
uses that are in addition, that is, those are the ones that are causing us to
have a bigger demand for water use compared to, say, the lower user of
water in Palo Alto. That could justify different rates, which would go just the
opposite direction. As I understand the contract that's being amended, we
have an order from the Bay Area region for California Water Quality Control
Board for nine million gallons of recycled water. That will cover 54 potential
sites in Palo Alto, Mountain View and Stanford, with Stanford campus being
the biggest user. The cost of that project, Mountain View paid for the
distribution costs because those pipes are within Mountain View. With
Mountain View getting three million gallons a day and us one million gallons
a day, we paid for 33 1/3 percent of the transmission costs and 33 percent
of the design cost. It's a question of how those project costs go in the
future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.



                                                                        Page 64 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
