                          TRANSCRIPT
Lisa Wendl: Good evening, Council Members and local residents. My name's
Lisa Wendl. I'm a longtime Palo Alto resident. My son was born and raised
in this area. He's already working now. I've been practice Falun Gong for
the last 18 years. While I enjoy freedom in this area, my fellow practitioner
in China has been persecuted, even get killed by organ harvesting. It's
devastating. I had a hard time to face that myself in 2004 when I first
heard about that. Tonight I want to let you know about this U.S. House
Resolution 343, was just passed this summer on June 13 unanimously and
condemn organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners in China. Falun Gong
also known as Falun Dafa is Asian self-practice based on Buddhism tradition.
It teaches practitioner to live by three basic principles:       truthfulness,
compassion and tolerance. In July 1999, started persecution. I couldn't go
back China until now. For the last 18 years, my mother, my brother has
been come over to visit me instead. A study by Nobel Peace Prize nominee
David Matas and David Kilgour as well as the investigative journalist Ethan
Gutmann was released a documentary recently, this summer. Has detailed
information about more than one-half million Falun Gong practitioners has
been killed in China since 2000 for organ harvesting. Don't think this has
nothing to do with us here. Lots of local residents you see here, their family,
their relatives. One person I know, he was present in China who was being
(inaudible). I really like to ask for help here (inaudible) spread the truth.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Hongming Jin, to be followed
by Daniel Xu.

Hongming Jin: Dear Mayor, dear Council Members, my name is Hongming
Jin. I'm a resident of Palo Alto. On June 13, 2016, Congressman Chris
Smith gave a speech when House Resolution 343 was passed unanimously.
The passage of House Resolution 343 amounts to the most significant
legislative confirmation of the reality of the crime of mass organ harvesting
of Falun Gong. Chris Smith currently serves as a senior member on the
Foreign Affair Committee. The following is a short portion of his speech that
night. [Audio recording played.]

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Jin: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Daniel Xu to be followed by Shan Long. Welcome.

Daniel Xu: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and the Council Members. My name is
Daniel Xu, and I'm a (inaudible) at Stanford. I'm really lucky to be a
resident of Palo Alto and to work in cancer research at Stanford.
Considering just a few years ago I was forced to give up my (inaudible) in
                                                                       Page 17 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
