                         TRANSCRIPT
to try to figure out how to minimize the impacts. One of the biggest
concerns that we had was that if we do successfully acquire it, we would
have to use existing dollars that are being reserved for other projects, such
as the Public Safety Building for example, and then immediately within a
couple of months turn around and finance that project. We would have to
repay ourselves so we can keep our other projects going. One of the things
we found out today was that we don't anticipate the construction being lined
up to be able to finance it in the first round. We can do what is called
capitalized interest, meaning that we would defer any payment of debt
service of the bonds until we actually go live and occupy it. The issue there
is that you're borrowing to not pay, if I can say it. It adds to your costs. I
think the issues that we're going to have are what we don't know for the
building. It is a historic building, so we know we have to have the
preservation. Once we get in there and start doing some additional work,
what will we find? We'll have an RFP out; we'll have bids, but it's kind of a
big unknown too. It's going to be something that we're going to have to
adjust as we go. It's going to be a two-step process most likely, right now,
from what it looks like. The initial acquisition with some soft costs, then a
second round where we have actual construction.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When do you see coming to Council? Before we sign
any contract with the Post Office?

Mr. Perez: At this point, probably not before your break. There's still issues
to be resolved. If we're successful, hopefully soon after your break.

Vice Mayor Scharff: After that at some point, we'd come with some ...

Mr. Perez:     We would come to you in a public forum with the
recommendations and the actual agreements, if we get to that point of
purchase, and then funding options for you to give us guidance.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to see the funding options if at all possible
before the agreement comes, so we can understand that and that can inform
it.

Mr. Keene: They will sort of unfold together; they'll mutually inform each
other. I think clearly it's a legitimate request. The Post Office has accepted
our basic offer. We are negotiating the details. It will have to come back to
the Council for the actual approval of the purchase contract. You will want
to know the implications.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the point. It could be embarrassing in that if the
funding options aren't there, you might vote against the agreement. At
which point, we wouldn't have an agreement. It would be better to have a
                                                                       Page 51 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
