                          TRANSCRIPT
discussion and consideration of the proposal to the full Council. Who would
like to go first? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I've quite a few questions, so if you could be kind
of short. What will the zoning be when the building is completed?

Mr. Lait: Zoning does not change, so CN and CC(2).

Council Member DuBois: We'll maintain a now single lot with two zones on
it?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member DuBois:      Was there any discussion about rezoning to a
single zone?

Mr. Lait: No.

Council Member DuBois: In the loading space, I guess it's shared parking.
Have we done that in Palo Alto before?

Mr. Lait: The loading spaces will take a little bit of time to explain. There's
a requirement of the Code that stipulates a certain size parking/loading zone
be established onsite. In conversations with Staff, there's a provision in the
Code that talks about the loading requirements, and it has a section that
says other uses. Other uses have, in the past, included a mixed-use
development. For other uses, the Director has the authority to adjust or set
the loading zone standard. In this particular case, there was an evaluation
of the project, and a couple of things came into play. One was the
elimination of two driveway curb cuts, which is adding parking on, I believe,
El Camino, and putting the longer—I forget the dimensions. I think it's 45
feet or something in depth—off of Sherman. That would be accessed on
Sherman. Onsite there is three parking spaces that double as a loading
zone in the morning and can be used for vendors that may want to access
the site when there's not that same demand for the other uses that are
there. That said, I think that's an interpretation that has been applied to
this project. Again, when this was in preliminary review a year-plus ago, I
couldn't say to the Council today that if this same application came in today
that that's the standard that I would look at for evaluating the loading zone.
It's one of these things where you balance prior interpretations of the Code
versus where they are along the process. I'll leave that to the Council to
elaborate further.

Council Member DuBois:      Is there parking on El Camino in front of this
building?
                                                                        Page 16 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
