                         TRANSCRIPT
Yatin Patel, Applicant: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff,
esteemed Council Members. My name is Yatin. Our family has owned and
operated the property at 3200 El Camino for nearly 30 years. We've done
business in Palo Alto for over 35 years. I was a little boy when my family
first acquired the property from the original owner, the late Mrs. Milner. At
the time I was still making my way through the Palo Alto school system, first
at Hoover when it was still at Barron Park, then on to Jane Lathrop Stanford
(JLS) and then finally Gunn High School. In fact, the only time that I've
been away from my home town of Palo Alto is when I went away for my
studies, undergraduate and graduate studies. Since early last year, we've
engaged in discussions and embarked on a journey to replace our mid-
century hotel with a product that more closely matches the demands of
today's travelers, particularly given our proximity to the Research Park. I'm
proud to represent my family this evening in introducing each of you to a
unique constraint on our site with unintended consequences which impacts
our ability to construct a more competitive product in this important area of
Palo Alto, at the base of the Research Park. We come to you today as
members of the Palo Alto community with decades of local ties. Moving
forward, we hope to be positioned to preserve our local ties and remain a
local business for decades to come in the very community I so proudly grew
up in. We're excited by this opportunity and understand that the process
will be a journey. I would like to begin that journey this evening by
introducing you to our entitlement consultant, Randy Popp, who's here to
take you through the presentation in your Packets. My family and I thank
you for your time this evening.

Randy Popp, Architect: Good evening, Honorable Mayor, Vice Mayor and
Council Members. Thank you for having us here for this discussion. I've
lived in this area for 46 years and have been working on buildings here for
29 years now. I've been asked to be part of Yatin's project team for what I
consider to be a really smart and very positive proposal. I'll just jump right
in. We're not interested tonight in talking about Floor Area Ratio (FAR) or
height or design. That's all going to come later. The first thing we really
need to understand is how much of the site we have the ability to use. That
will determine where we go with this. The drawings that we submitted for a
ARB Study Session previously are no longer consistent with our thinking.
Until we resolve this discussion, we really won't have clarity about anything
further. In doing a bit of research of our own here, we came across this
aerial from 1948. It's fun to see. I was surprised to find the building
existed prior to most of the adjacent structures we're all familiar with. Just
for orientation, as Jonathan mentioned, El Camino runs across the sheet.
The Fish Market site is an empty lot. Right now you can see the abandoned
train spur that shows in this drawing as an active line. The site clearly
looked like it was flat enough to allow for landing of a small plane that's
                                                                       Page 23 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
