                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:       I think I'm remembering—weren't there ARB
meetings after March 14?

Mr. Ah Sing: There was a meeting on March 17th, so these plans were at
that meeting, and those were evaluated.

Council Member Holman: There were no changes made at that meeting?

Mr. Ah Sing: There were no additional conditions that would have changed
physically the building.

Council Member Holman: Is it okay if we go to comments, Mr. Mayor? Go
to comments, and when do you want Motions or ...

Mayor Burt: We're in the comment and Motion period.

Council Member Holman: I'll make a couple or three comments, and then
I'll attempt a Motion then. I looked up the Code purpose for RMD NP which
is what's behind this on Kipling. Some of it has to do with dwelling units.
The RMD district is intended to minimize—hang on a second—incentives to
replace existing single-family dwellings, maintain existing neighborhood
character and increase the variety of housing opportunities. Maintain the
existing neighborhood character, I think, is relevant to this project. That is
not found. I still am troubled by the lot merger and what the implications
are on that and did not ever feel that there was a response to how we can
change one of the absolute criteria that's identified in the DPR. We can
change that and not be negatively affecting the historic resource. I will try a
draft Motion. One last comment before I do that. Again for the historic
resource, since I'm kind of the one that carries that banner along with, I
think, Council Member DuBois up here mostly.              There weren't good
references in the conditions of approval to what the plans were and what the
requirements were for the restoration of the historic resource. They were in
a separate document that wasn't, to my discovery anyway, referenced in the
conditions of approval. The draft Motion is to continue the appeal and
require redesign to address the following: those are findings that cannot be
made. ARB Findings Number 2, 5 and 6. I'll find those in a moment. Also
Context-Based Design Criteria can be found starting on packet page 510,
and those are (a) 1A, (a) 2A, and then (a) 2A I, II, III and IV.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Do you mean (a) 2B when you just said that?

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry. I did, yes. Thank you. I'm sorry.
Yeah, 2B I, II, III and IV. Also this would be (b) 2B and C and H, and (b) 3B
and D, and also on the next page, packet page 512, it would be (b) 4 and

                                                                         Page 46 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
