                          TRANSCRIPT
Record of Land Use Action as stated in the Staff Report. That concludes my
presentation. I'd be happy to answer any questions. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can take a round of technical questions from
colleagues, just bearing in mind to keep them just for clarifying technical
questions and not otherwise. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to clarify. I read in the Packet that
there's no ground-floor retail, but the ARB did design it, that it could be used
for ground-floor retail. Was that correct?

Mr. Ah Sing: Yes, that is correct. There are some movable planters along
the windows on the first floor. In case the market is such that you can have
retail there, then that is the case. There's also a surplus of parking in the
garage below to accommodate some level of retail.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You could have ground-floor retail the way it's currently
designed. There's openings that you could open the doors and have stores
and that there?

Mr. Ah Sing: Right. There'd have to be a change to the windows to make
them doors. The planters that are proposed are movable, so it's an easy fix
for the applicant in the future.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about
combining of lots. What is the typical reason that lots are combined? Can
you talk about the situation here?

Mr. Ah Sing: The applicant, I think, will speak to that a little bit about what
their reasons are. In general, you try to get maybe a larger lot that allows
for more opportunities to meet development standards, possibly to give
more opportunities for onsite circulation. I think, again, the applicant will be
able to describe that further.

Council Member DuBois: On the traffic, I guess the appellant was talking
about the change with two entrances versus one and how that impacts the
traffic study. Can you respond to that a little bit? Again, the new project
would have all the traffic going out on Kipling, where today that's not the
situation.

Mr. Ah Sing: The traffic memo summarizes the changes from the existing to
the proposed project.     What you're looking at in the a.m. and p.m.
                                                                          Page 24 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
