                          TRANSCRIPT

did not provide congestion relief for the majority of the West Valley and
North County cities. It did go sometime back from 25 percent to 20 percent.
I still think there's room for some movement there that could reach
consensus at that group. Again, a different set of people. The other thing is
I was appreciating Mr. Boone's comments too about expressways, streets
and highways is 25 percent or 1.5 billion. There's not very good clarity;
there are a couple of examples. Page Mill and 280, it would be great to get
that fixed, but there's not a very good description of what those roadway
improvements would be. Again, the discussion last year when I was there
was if we're just talking about resurfacing and making roadway conditions
better by resurfacing and such, that doesn't do anything to help relieve
congestion. I'm not hearing much movement or flexibility in what's before
us tonight.

Mayor Burt: Maybe I should add one other comment. There was a
recognition by the cities who have been conversing on this that if the North
and West County cities were to design the measure themselves and have the
authority to determine what would be in the countywide measure, it would
be different from what this set of proposals are. We don't have that ability,
so what we're looking at, as Mayor Chang had said, is a set of positions that
we think will be viewed as within the range of what is reasonable by the
other parties who will be negotiating at this. We have the VTA, we have San
Jose, we have Leadership Group who are all part of this process. We don't
get to decide what the whole measure would be.

Council Member Holman: I do understand that. It is an advocacy body, and
I don't see any harm in trying to advocate collaboratively with the other
North and West County cities for a little stronger position and for congestion
relief in the North and West County cities. I don't find the two mutually
exclusive. I would like to see us go a little bit further than what's presented
in front of us this evening.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think this is a good framework. I'm very happy
to be able to support the motion. There was a little bit of discussion about
the role of numbers at this point, the midpoint. I think some flexibility is
reasonable at this point, but I think it varies a little bit by which number
we're talking about. I mean, if the local streets and roads ends up being
800 million instead of 1 billion or 1.1 billion, that's fine. I think there's two
numbers in here that are really, really relevant to Palo Alto. I think we
should be very, very focused on those. One is the BART to San Jose figure,
                                                                          Page 86 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
