                          TRANSCRIPT
through the site. That's the extent to which it's been considered and
addressed in the site plan and analysis we've done.

Council Member Holman: The EIR determines that there's a potential for
significant noise impacts. As best I can tell, the HVAC units are on the roof.
Was there any consideration of putting those HVAC units inside as opposed
to on the roof? It talks about significant impact. It talks about raising the
ambient level. Could these HVAC units not be put inside as many times they
can?

Ms. Gerhardt: HVAC units could certainly be put inside, but it is standard
construction that they are put on the roof and that a screen is put around
them. During the building stage, we will certainly require either spec sheets
for that mechanical equipment or a noise report. We will ensure that this
project meets the City's noise standards at the building stage.

Council Member Holman: It says amenity space could be a reduction. I
could not find anything that indicated what the amenity space was or what
was allocated to what amenity spaces. Is that available somewhere and I
just didn't find it?

Ms. Gerhardt: There is in the conditions of approval a minimum of 10,745
square feet of amenity. That's put in there as a minimum because it is not
counted towards FAR and it is not counted towards parking. That 10,000
square feet does not have parking associated with it, which is why there is a
minimum number.       It doesn't prevent the applicant from doing more
amenity space. The details of that will be looked at during the building
review.

Council Member Holman: My question was the 10,400 square feet or
whatever it is of amenity space, because it's discretionary approval by the
Director, is it 4,000 square feet for cafeteria, 2,000 square feet for dry
cleaning, 5,000 square feet for a workout facility. The Council may not think
that all of those things apply or should be approved. That's my question.

Ms. Gerhardt: The applicant had original proposed closet to 20,000 square
feet. Given the size of the existing structures, the Director did not feel that
we could justify that amount of amenity space. Out of that 20,000, there
was approximately 15,000 for food service, about 2,500 for fitness.

Council Member Holman: Is that somewhere that we can find it?

Ms. Gerhardt: No. This is in my file, but these are going to change—they
could change over time. We don't have a finalization of what that amenity
space is going to be used for.
                                                                         Page 67 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
