                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Pam Warrior, to be followed by
Lynn Krug.

Pam Warrior: Good evening, Mayor, City Council. My maiden name was
Wong, so I'm a long-term resident, actually a former resident. I was born in
Palo Alto and work in Palo Alto. I moved out to Mountain View. I work for
VCA, Palo Alto Animal Hospital, which is on El Camino. Like I said, I'm
married to William Warrior, who is a long-term employee for the animal
shelter. If you outsource this shelter, you will reduce any of the revenue for
the City. Like I said, the City means a lot to me. Outsourcing it removes
the money. This shelter, like I said, there's no reason for giving money to
somewhere else, like I said, Redwood City or to any other place. If you
retain the money, this allows the community businesses around to help out
and raising money for it. Retain the money within Palo Alto such as allowing
a cat café, like Ada's Café, to have a coffee cart over there. That will help
bring in money. There's a lot of money out there for VCA. If you reach out
to these communities, like I said, you'll retain the money and keep the
money within Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lynn Krug, to be followed by
Stephanie Munoz.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, City Council Members. I, like many of you, come
from originally private industry. I know the directive across the City has
been amongst many managers and—I'm not sure—originating from you to
reduce headcount and contract out. I find that perplexing because we are a
diversified industry. We aren't like you or I may have come from, a single
industry. Making blanket statements or plans to contract out across the
board without really thinking about what is innovative. What is innovative is
not top-down management. What is innovative is building a team, building
an organization, looking up from our cell phones and trying to participate to
actually acknowledge that this is something our community wants and
needs. It takes a lot of courage for somebody like Pam to come here.
Theater and arts people are used to fundraising. We're just getting this off
the ground. We fully intend to address fundraising, organizing around our
organization and others to get this off the floor. We're here tonight to save
our shelter. We're working to have the Palo Alto animal shelter remain a
community animal shelter. We have employees who work there now, who
do great work. Why would we pay someone else to do that work? Why
would we not support our team? Innovation comes with support and
dedication. We believe we can organize and raise money through the efforts
of our volunteers and building on their work which they've now started. At
this time, the volunteers have now begun a pet pantry, and we are now
working towards fundraising efforts and a blind auction. We are capable of
                                                                        Page 11 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
