                          TRANSCRIPT
than to mention that, again on Page 265, I think that I would just draw that
to your attention. It's in the middle of the page, runs from 21 down to 31,
where they talk a great deal about the housing and what might have been
considered for that area. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Returning to questions, Council Member Filseth had one on the
zoning requirement.

Mr. Lait: Yes, thank you. In the land use section of the permitted uses,
office is identified as requiring a CUP. There's a reference to Code Section
18.16.050. As you read that section, it goes on to say for the CN district
that no lot shall be permitted to have a total floor area of 5,000 square feet
of office. Such uses may be allowed to exceed the maximum size subject to
the issuance of a conditional use permit. The maximum shall be established
by the Director. The Code provides for ...

Council Member Filseth: We're looking at 18.76 which is the reference
there. I think you're right.

Mr. Lait: If you look at 18.16.060(b)(ii)—I'm sorry. What do you call that,
the double "i" two? If you also look at (b)(ii), again another "B," ...

Council Member Filseth: I think you're right. I think you're right.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, had a question about whether our
Code has any requirements on the housing having common open space as
opposed to private open space. Have we been able to—either Code or a
Comp Plan policy reference—find anything on that? If you need to look
harder, I'll go on with my other question. When we look at the—we have
two parcels. It was very interesting that you said that they actually had
been combined, we realize now, back in the '90s. The CC(2) lot, looks like
it's about 50 by 120 feet. Is that correct? Would it be practically feasible for
that 5,000 square feet of office and the parking that goes with it to have
been built on that smaller lot?

Mr. Lait: That could have been a design that the applicant could have
chosen. That's not what they proposed, but yes, the 5,000 square feet of
office could go there.

Mayor Burt:     Within all the other requirements that we would place?
Setbacks and other requirements? It's not so simple as yes, they can put
5,000; therefore, they can do it. We have a whole bunch of requirements.
My question is did Staff look at whether it could be practically done.



                                                                         Page 34 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
