                         TRANSCRIPT

write a clearer, shorter document. When we go back to when we were doing
an update to the Comp Plan through the Planning and Transportation
Commission, one of the primary objectives was to make it clearer and more
succinct. We then went into a rewrite of the Plan, and what we've looked at
is making it broader and, at this point in time, less succinct. That doesn't
mean that's where we're going to end up. I think that's where we are right
now. It's okay to acknowledge—we went through and the CAC's going
through and looking at policies and programs and then this next step of
winnowing things down and reconciling it and tightening it up is another
phase. I just want to make sure that we really recognize that we have to go
through that and spend a bunch of work on it. Accessibility of the plan, once
it's complete, is really going to be important. That means people being able
to see it's simply well organized, readable and accessible.        That's an
important part of how utilized it'll be for the next 15 years. Vice Mayor
Scharff, did you have something next?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did. I wanted to say that it's now 9:30. If we're
going to do the next two items, I don't know if Staff feels they have enough
from us for tonight to come back to us with another draft of this. If you do,
I think we should move on. Otherwise we won't get to the next two items.
We'll be here 'til 1:00 in the morning.

Mr. Dennis: Just to be honest, we did not intend on bringing this back in the
short term. Our intention was to bring it back with the rest of the Elements
once we've gone through this process. You've heard it from us before and
I'll say it again, we working on a particular timeframe. If we want to start
talking about that, which we will be bringing in a couple of weeks, we're
happy to do that. That's the constraint we have right now.

Mayor Burt: We have another alternative which is we essentially could
continue this item and go through it more and try to have these straw polls
at that subsequent meeting without having to rehash everything that we've
done tonight. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was just going to ask a procedural question. I
thought I had read in the Staff Report that this was going back to the CAC.
Did I misread that?

Mr. Dennis: Yes, you misread that. It wasn't intended to go back to the
CAC at this point. We're moving on to other Elements.



                                                                       Page 45 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
