                         TRANSCRIPT
comments from the public. I just want to point out a few facts. The
restaurants in this community pay amongst the highest in the BID rates.
This is on top of the registration fee of $51. Now, the City wants to add a
head count.       In addition to the fees that Mr. Keenan mentioned, my
members who have very low profit margins cannot afford such a head count
tax. That's because my members have higher head counts than any other
industry or have longer operational hours, and there's more service that
needs to be provided to a customer than any other industry. This could be
the straw that broke the camel's back to the restaurant community here.
That's not something that anybody wants. You have already pointed out as
a Council that you do not want formula retail. The only businesses within
my industry that can afford a head count tax will be formula retail. You
can't have your cake and eat it too at this point.         Furthermore, the
subcommittee was told to look at all funding streams by the Council's
direction. Sitting in the subcommittee meetings, there was blinders on and
that can be shown in the polling where business head counts was drilled in
to the pollster. The final questions in one of the polls was other funding
streams. Why wasn't that upfront? Why wasn't that front-loaded? As a
result, the consultant did say that a general tax and what was stated in the
subcommittee that a general tax can have a resolution to earmark the funds.
Those funds can be changed. My members are writing essentially a blank
check with no promises, an extremely high blank check that they cannot
afford at this time. It's very rushed. There has been no stakeholder
process. Very small meetings with the Chamber groups, with just their
Board, is not outreach. That's meeting with a couple of individuals. I don't
even have the ability to have a lot of my members attend tonight, because
they're still cleaning up from the rush hour of a Monday night. Don't rush
this. Don't create this sausage from the dais tonight. Let's have a robust
conversation, not during small subcommittee hearings, during times of the
day when my restaurant members cannot attend, during the lunch hour or
the morning rush hour. Let's try and do a proposal that everyone can live
with and that would fund the projects that you guys want to create for the
City. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Now we'll return to the Council—sorry. I had one more. Carl, I
wasn't trying to cut you off there.

Carl Guardino: Mayor Burt, don't worry. I won't need therapy for that. I
appreciate Mayor Burt and members of the Council, so many of you working
with us in such a collaborative process these past 3 1/2 years towards a
traffic relief and road repair measure that is now on the ballot for
November 8th on a 12-0 unanimous vote by the Valley Transportation
Authority. Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, so many of you worked so
diligently on that. We asked your Staff to put on your screen for you what
                                                                      Page 69 of 98
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/27/16
