                          TRANSCRIPT
planning, is there a way that we can more deliberately collaborate on trying
to get best projections on School District growth? How would we actually
formalize that better, if that's what we wanted to do?

Mr. de Geus: Mayor Burt, good question. I think we probably want to think
about that internally. I go back to my comments earlier about getting the
right people in the room from both sides to really understand how we're
getting to the projections from the City perspective and from the School
District perspective, and then challenge those assumptions that are being
made to see if we can come to a greater consensus. I'm not aware that that
formally is happening, those kinds of meetings. It seems to me they ought
to happen, particularly if we're thinking about the future of Cubberley and
what to build there. It's in both of our benefits, the City and School District.

Mayor Burt: Agreed. Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just hoping we could get maybe a little bit
more of a preview about the Junior Museum and Zoo. I saw that you
mentioned it in the Staff Report and said we were going to be getting an
update this fall. Is there anything more that you can tell us at this point as
it relates to our discussion tonight?

Mr. de Geus: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. The Junior Museum and
Zoo, Staff are working closely with the Friends of the Junior Museum and
Zoo to rebuild that building. Those negotiations are going well, but a little
bit like Avenidas perhaps that the design goes back and forth in terms of
size and scale. We're not quite there with the final design to present. That's
what's holding us back a little bit at this point. It's certainly moving forward.
We hope to rebuild that site. The Friends of the Junior Museum and Zoo
have committed to raising the full amount of cost to do that. When they do
it, if we get to that point, we will close that building. Like Avenidas, we'll
want to have a temporary facility of some type to continue to remain
relevant as a program in the community. The current thinking is perhaps
Cubberley could serve as that space. The auditorium where the temporary
Mitchell Park Library was is being looked at as a possible site for the Junior
Museum and Zoo. That is not a space that Foothill College occupies.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to be clear that nothing that we're
being asked to approve tonight would foreclose those opportunities in the
future. Correct?

Mr. de Geus: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Also, we received a letter from a member of the
public who I don't see in the audience at the moment, Herb Borock, who was
                                                                         Page 18 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
