                         TRANSCRIPT
trips. We calculate the whole trip length and emissions, and then 50 percent
of that is basically charged against us in our emissions inventory.

Council Member Wolbach: You're still checking on the first one? Third
question, I think it's my final question for now. In the policies to encourage
housing identified and studied thus far in the Draft EIR, there's been some
discussion about it in various venues. Has the Stanford Research Park and
the opportunity for potential housing there or also at the Fry's site, were
both of those included in the possible encouraging housing options?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. In fact, all of the scenarios include housing at the Fry's
site because that site is included in our Housing Element currently.
Scenarios Three and Four assume that we would have somewhat higher
permitted densities on that site. I think it's currently zoned RM-35 and
suggest that we could get additional units. If we remove the housing sites in
the south, we could add some units there.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I thought. Thanks for that.

Ms. Gitelman: On the Stanford Research Park, just Scenario Four assumes
that we would and tests this idea of potentially adding housing sites in the
Research Park along El Camino.

Council Member Wolbach: That's right.      Thank you for reminding me.             It
was just along El Camino Real, correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Right. We weren't specific to sites, but somewhere in that
area of that park; not way up in the outlying area. Jeremy tells me the
answer to your first question is daily trips.

Council Member Wolbach: That's daily. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I should be relatively short. None of the things that
you mentioned is adjusting the height limit which has been almost part of
the Ten Commandments for the City. Talk about, as you said, a slight
adjustment, 55-60 feet. We have done, that I can think of, with several
buildings in the City including the Jewish Community Center (JCC). What
would it actually take to do that? As I recall, it is not an ordinance. Am I
correct it is a policy? Help me out. It went in sometime in the '70s I think.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm assuming that it would be an ordinance change.                We
would have to adopt a policy and an ordinance.

Council Member Kniss: Is it actually an ordinance? Help us out.
                                                                         Page 15 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
