                          TRANSCRIPT
potentially creating a conflict by discussing it if it gets appealed to us in the
future?

Ms. Silver: I think there are two different ways for this particular issue to
get to Council. One is through the traditional process of Staff making a
decision one way or the other, and then having that issue go up to the
Council. The second is through an interpretation process. In connection
with your recent Code update, you did allow for the Council to weigh in at
the early stage of a decision and give an interpretation on Code language or
other types of issues.       We are following that newly adopted process
essentially for getting that early read from the Council. We don't think that
this would pose a conflict for the Council. You could actually, if it is run
through the process and appealed, you could change your mind. What we're
seeking at this stage is an interpretation, your assessment of whether this is
a major or minor review, etc.

Council Member DuBois: We're also suggesting that it would not go through
the full process. Is that correct?

Ms. Silver: That's one of the questions for you. Do you think that this PC
Ordinance should be interpreted to allow for this, is it subject to that
interpretation, or you could decide that it cannot be subject to that
interpretation and you would recommend that it goes through the complete
amendment process.

Mr. Lait: If ARB is your concern, that's another piece to it. Right?

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Mr. Lait: Is your question about the PC or the ARB or perhaps both?

Council Member DuBois: The ARB.

Mr. Lait: With respect to the ARB, the process is—there is a process in the
Code that allows for the Staff to make an administrative determination.
That's the minor architectural review. Somebody, anybody could request a
hearing before the Architectural Review Board. There's no cost for that. If
that's the case, we schedule the hearing before the Architectural Review
Board. They make a recommendation. The Director makes a final decision
on the ARB. That decision could also be appealed to the City Council. This
conversation isn't so much about the substance of the application, the
colors, the materials, the placement, so much as it is about process. We're
here asking the Council, "Do you believe this is an appropriate Staff-level
application?" If so, we would work with the applicant and impose whatever
conditions that we felt were necessary to approve it at a Staff level. Or
                                                                         Page 58 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
