                          TRANSCRIPT
are probably the heaviest used, I'd say, in Rinconada Park. There's so much
activity at Rinconada Park already, so people just gravitate to that site.

Council Member Berman: You said we have 32 courts Citywide?

Mr. de Geus: Yep.

Council Member Berman: Where are the closest courts—the next available
option, closest to Rinconada?

Mr. de Geus: I'd have to check the map on that. I'm not sure which one
would be the closest.

Council Member Berman: Nothing pops to mind as being around the corner?

Mr. de Geus: Not immediate, no.

Council Member Berman: Chief, you'd mentioned this software that we
have. Frankly, that's what I'm most curious about as I'm sure we all
probably are. Making sure that the response times aren't impacted too
much to the point that it's a risk to the community. I was heartened to see
that the software indicates that there will only be an increase of 60 seconds.
When I was thinking about it and thinking about Palo Alto, how can we only
have a 60 second increase if we're housing the engine at the Alma Station,
which is pretty far away. I like to drive expeditiously, but I can't make that
drive in 60 seconds. Obviously there's coverage from the other stations.
Can you explain in a little more depth how exactly that can happen?

Mr. Nickel: It's a great question, Council Member Berman. When we say
response times would increase by 60 seconds, that would be within the
entire zone. Obviously there would be some response that would be shorter.
Ideally, if we had to place a new fire station and there were no constraints
on land or streets, ideally you want your fire station to look like it's at the
center of a bicycle wheel. All your responses are equidistant out, so it looks
like spokes of a wheel. Where the station currently is located is pretty good
in terms of making it look like a regular bicycle wheel spoke. When we say
it increases 60 seconds, it's the entire system's performance at the 90th
percentile. We try to say everything that we do, that 9 times out of 10,
that's how it's going to perform. What we can say with this Code 3 software
is that nine times out of 10 some parts of that zone are still going to have
that 60-second increase. It's still within our 8 minutes, 90 percent of the
time.    That's the important consideration.      Right now that station is
performing right around seven minutes 90 percent of the time. Even in this
temporary time for 18 months, that will increase by 60 seconds, but it's still

                                                                       Page 31 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
