                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed ...

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt:   Pardon me?      I'm sorry.   Our final speaker on Oral
Communications is Gordon Stewart. Welcome.

Gordon Stewart: Thanks for having me here. I am the owner of 1245
Lincoln. Much has been said on Crescent Park Neighborhood Association
(CPNA) as well as the Daily Post. People think they know me, but a lot has
been said that really is not true. I'd like to correct some of that, get the
chance here to do that. Many of my neighbors here are behind me, which is
kind of odd having my back to them. I grew up in the City, went to junior
high and high school here. My mother and I moved here in 1965, and I've
been the one maintaining this house since the age of 15. I care about this
house. I care about the neighborhood. I care about Crescent Park and Palo
Alto. This is truly my home here. I'd do nothing to destroy the house, the
neighborhood, etc. I do rent it out. I am retired. I no longer have a Silicon
Valley-type salary. This is part of what we live on. It's very important for
me to do this. What ended up happening was somehow there was a
downturn in the number of people interested in renting. I think my lease
kept shifting later and later in the year, and I hit this kind of pit here. I said,
"Are there other options?" I tried this. I thought everything was legal. I
truly did. I have no intention of breaking any City Ordinance. It was not my
intention, still isn't. At this point, I do have a lease. I'm actually trying to
get out of it. I always prefer to have a single family there. This did not
appear to be possible. A number of neighbors have offered to help me find
somebody. I've just decided with all the turmoil that has been created
around this, I'd rather have me not be a part of it. I'm trying to work my
way out of it. Bottom line is I'm in a situation; I'm trying to get out of that.
I'm trying to find somebody new. All of you and everyone behind me, I'm
putting it out there. I do need a family to rent from. Anybody has leads, I'll
be around this evening. It's very important to me. Thanks for listening.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Minutes Approval

4.    Approval of Action Minutes for the September 19, 2016 Council
      Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes. We have Minutes from
the meeting of September 19th, 2016. Is there a Motion to approve?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.
                                                                           Page 30 of 104
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/4/16
