                         TRANSCRIPT
metered. The Net Metering cap is 9.5 megawatts. When that's met, then
we'll have to get somehow 13 1/2 or whatever that amounts to, to get to the
23, outside of Net Metering somehow.

Mayor Burt: This CLEAN program, we don't count utility solar against the
local of course. We have three programs that are designed to achieve that
four percent?

Mr. Ratchye: We also have a community solar program that we have not
yet rolled out. We did do the Group Buy program, and we got a lot of
applications under that program. I don't believe all those have been
installed yet.

Mayor Burt: Would the community solar program potentially utilize CLEAN
or be outside of that?

Ms. Ratchye: It could. We haven't figured that—that program has not been
designed yet. It may use a CLEAN-type approach. That would probably
require Council action.

Mayor Burt: The solar installation on our garages, which is the largest
uptake in the CLEAN program, there are other requirements that we placed
on that project for Electric Vehicle (EV) charging and EV readiness. Is that
correct?

Ms. Ratchye: I think that was part of your lease agreement.

James Keene, City Manager:      We didn't place requirements, but the
response that we got on the lease actually offered that additional value as
part of the proposal.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: You covered it.

Mayor Burt: We'll now proceed to members of the public, and we have more
cards. Mark Roest to be followed by Sven Thesen. Welcome.

Mark Roest: Hi. I'm Mark Roest. I'm with a battery technology startup
company, do a lot of volunteering with 350 Bay Area, and strongly in favor
of keeping the 16.5 cents. Rather than cutting that compensation, adding
provision for later addition of battery storage. It's not quite ready now in
terms of the pricing, but within 2-3 years I expect batteries to be two cents
or less per kilowatt hour levelized cost of energy. The National Renewable
Energy Laboratory published a study a couple of years ago by now where
they said that six hours of storage on a solar system would add 3.5 cents of
                                                                       Page 56 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
