                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Just want to remind folks that we have a introduction to the
new Project Safety Net Director on Wednesday evening at 6:00 P.M. Council
Member Holman, I believe that you wanted to close the meeting in
someone's name.

Council Member Holman: Yes, thank you, Mayor Burt. I did want to. It so
happens that Geoff Paulsen is here, who is the nephew of Dr. Hewlett Lee
who passed away most recently. For anyone who doesn't know, Dr. Lee was
the son of Russell Lee who as one of the original founders of the Palo Alto
Clinic. He was, in his own right, a remarkable surgeon and teacher. He
also, for those who don't know, was responsible for some early health care
legislation. He personally drafted some of the legislation that led to the
Medi-Cal program, that made health care accessible to the poor. Lastly,
there was a story I'm very fond of and he was fond of promoting and liked to
tell. It was about his aunt, I believe that would make her, grandmother.

Male: No, his mother.

Council Member Holman: His mother, yes, of course. His mother, Dorothy
Lee, the wife of Russell Lee. At one point in time when Russell Lee was
working with someone and considering the acreage that now Foothill Park,
converting that into a horse ranch. There was a barn built which is now the
interpretive center. Mrs. Dorothy Lee just really was not fancy to that
proposal. She said, "I own 50 percent of this acreage." When Russell Lee
asked Dorothy Lee which 50 percent. She said, "Every other square foot."
That kept that proposal from going forward. That ultimately led to the Lee
family selling to the City of Palo Alto some of the property that became
Foothills Park. Over time, they donated some other land that became
Foothills Parks. I'd like to adjourn the meeting tonight in honor and
recognition of Dr. Hewey Lee.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. So done. Meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned in memory of Dr. R. Hewlett Lee
at 11:29 P.M.




                                                                    Page 113 of 113
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/25/16
