                         TRANSCRIPT
play. Right now, lease lines just back up to each other. There's nothing to
connect to today if they were to issue a license to the public to cross that
direction on the site. As we think about the future, maybe we could think
about something more comprehensive.

Mayor Burt:    As of today, most of those parking lots are open to one
another.

Ms. Griego: I think there's some fencing as well that would need to be
taken down in order to create that series of connectivity. I think the notion
is to improve access in and around the site so that bicyclists can come down
California Avenue, presumably from the Caltrain station, cross over by virtue
of an existing access agreement at 1117 Cal, and then again access to this
site as an employee. That's been the main driver.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff has a follow-up question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Stanford may decide this makes senses. My only real
concern is that you come to us and say, "This would make sense. Be happy
to do it." We now have a lease that goes to whenever. We can't now
impose this upon Sand Hill Properties because of that. I wanted to build in,
if possible, some flexibility that, if Stanford at that time thought it was a
good idea to have that spine road in there, the lease doesn't stand in the
way. The way that occurs is there's some condition of approval that, if you
guys want to do that, then it goes forward. That's really my concern. I
don't know how long the lease is with Sand Hill. After they build this
property, if the lease is 20 or 30 years or 40 years, this doesn't happen for
30 or 40 years. We foreclose that opportunity. I would like to see a
condition of approval that gives some flexibility to Stanford to allow this to
occur as we move forward towards a more pedestrian and bike friendly
approach.

Ms. Griego: It sounds like an if/then statement to some extent. It definitely
needs to be tied in with an overall strategy as to how we approach those
other lessees who have equally long terms.          In order to implement
something like this, it involves a broad vision and a sense of partnership
among all the lessees. This may be something we could consider.

Mayor Burt: The concern is we need to have a reserve in this project to
keep open that possibility, whether it's a landscape buffer that we have an
agreement with Stanford and the lessee that should there be a future
agreement on such a spine, this space at the rear would be available for it.
We're not conceiving of making a decision at this time that it necessarily
would, but we don't want to preclude it. We're asking how could we
accomplish that.
                                                                        Page 70 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
