                          TRANSCRIPT
of town or friends who reside in the region or that are visiting from far away.
I've heard a couple of different stories. What is the history of why Foothills
Park is exclusively for Palo Alto residents unlike our other open space and
parks? Is there any clarity that we could have about that? Before I make
my comments about ...

Mayor Burt: You want the short history, right?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes, one sentence.

Mayor Burt: Rob, do you have the short—okay. My understanding is that
when the property was offered, Palo Alto went to neighboring cities, and
they declined to collaboratively purchase it. As a result of Palo Alto alone
purchasing it, ever since it's been restricted to Palo Alto.

Council Member Wolbach: That is what I'd heard. Thank you for confirming
that. I think it's time that we also talk about transitions into the future. I
think it's time that we explored shifting away from the exclusivity. If Palo
Alto residents are the ones and since Palo Alto residents are paying for it, I
wouldn't mind even seeing additional resources dedicated to Foothills Park.
I'd be happy to consideration of what kind of a fee we'd want to charge for
cars for nonresidents. I'm just throwing out random numbers. Maybe $5 or
$10 during the week, and maybe $10 or $20 if they come on the weekend or
on holidays. That way we can provide a disincentive for nonresident vehicles
and also provide an additional revenue stream.            I think that's worth
exploring. I also very much appreciate the comments from Mr. Lee about
opening to bikes or pedestrians, hikers, joggers, all the time, and the idea of
an emergency and recreational access. Tying into our conversation at the
start of the meeting tonight with Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District,
how we improve connectivity from Arastradero Preserve into Fields Park and
to Los Trancos is something else I think we should explore. On the question
of access, because so many residents increasingly, as we've discussed
earlier tonight, don't drive because they're seniors, they're young or they
just choose not to or cannot for disability reasons, is there any exploration of
maybe working with our Planning Department as they go through shuttle
revamps, how we can get access to especially Baylands, Arastradero and
Foothills Park, maybe with a shuttle that runs on the weekends or something
like that. Has there been any discussion about that?

Mr. de Geus: There has been some discussion about that. We're working on
what we call safe access to parks or easy access to parks. We're looking at
shuttles as well as walking and biking to parks, all those things.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that's something worth exploration.
Council Member DuBois mentioned about acquisition and having additional
                                                                        Page 102 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
