                         TRANSCRIPT
signage, striping, rumble strips along the edge of the roadways, new
pedestrian barriers, advanced traffic signals, "keep clear" markings and
short medians. City Staff have been coordinating with Caltrain staff to refine
the designs and encourage consistency with the City's short and long-term
goals and strategies for grade crossing. Special coordination meetings have
been held for the Charleston Road crossing in order to incorporate elements
of the adopted concept plans for the Charleston-Arastradero Complete Street
project. Caltrain plans to present the draft concepts to the City Council Rail
Committee this Wednesday, May 25th. Construction on those minor grade
crossing improvements is expected to start in 2017. Just on the subject on
Caltrain, I would point out, if you have not noticed them, that we've been
working with our contract firm on the Track Watch guard situation both to
put up a shelter and seating that is more open to the passersby in the
community, ensuring that everybody does have the most up-to-date
schedules. We have installed portable toilets on City rights-of-way adjacent
to each of those locations. Last Monday, I think as the Council knows, the
FAA released a feasibility study of community proposals to address airplane
noise. As you've already heard significant community reactions already to
the release of that report in addition to some of the conclusions in the
report, the fact that it appears in advance of the significant community
engagement process that we're launching into, I think it's generated a lot of
understandable concern. We have sent the study to our own consultants
who the Council authorized funding and hiring for. They are working on
their own analysis. At the same time, we're also working on our own air
operations and noise analysis as requested by the Council and the
community. I have a scheduled debrief with the consultants and key Staff
for tomorrow afternoon, so we can better understand the study. It is highly
technical; as such, we don't want to comment on its conclusions until we've
reviewed it carefully with our consultants and Staff. We will want to make
sure that the consultants' work is shared with Council Member Scharff, who
is our alternate member on the Regional Select Committee, and with other
members of the Regional Select Committee, in particular Supervisor Joe
Simitian, who is the Chair of that Committee. We'll also be sharing items
with the full Council and the Sky Posse leadership as we work through the
issues. In the meantime, citizens including Sky Posse members and others
should contact Select Committee members and attend the Select Committee
meetings. The one scheduled for Santa Clara County is set for Wednesday,
June 29th, at 6:00 P.M. The location is still to be determined; we will
update you and the public on that. We've posted all of this information on
our City of Palo Alto website, cityofpaloalto.org/airplane noise. We'll queue
up the photos for coastal cleanup day. That's pretty darned good there.
Last Saturday's cleanup day did wonders for Matadero and Adobe Creeks
with Kirsten Struve of our Public Works Staff and Acterra's Claire Elliott
leading the way. Hundreds of pieces of Styrofoam and other plastics were
                                                                        Page 5 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
