                         TRANSCRIPT
expire at the same time; we did that intentionally so we could consider
options of how we might operate the golf course into the future. I think this
represents both a concern and an opportunity. It may be an opportunity to
get into a longer-term management agreement with one firm or a lease
agreement where we can share some of the risk of performance of the golf
course. We'll be working on that in the next couple of years. We talked
about the assumptions of the pro forma, what if they're not accurate. It was
credible analysis, but they're based on assumptions. The last concern that I
want to mention is this is working with a 30-year loan. That's a long time.
Our loans in the past for capital work on the golf course have been 20 years.
This is longer than that. That's part of the interest in having a lower debt
service annually for the golf course; it's my preference. We're more likely to
fully recover costs. With that, that was a quick fly-through.

Mr. Keene: Can I ask you to do one other thing, Rob?

Mr. de Geus: Sure.

Mr. Keene: Just for background for the Council. First of all, we have
existing debt on the golf course right now that we will reach the end of that
cycle in 2018, the end of the payments of that debt service. How much has
that debt service been on an annual basis?

Mr. de Geus: It's approximately $450,000.

Mr. Keene:   What's the new annual debt service payments under the two
scenarios?

Mr. de Geus: The first scenario being the lower debt is $495,000. The
second set, where we reimburse the Individual Review (IR) for all of the
design and environmental work is about $566,000.

Mr. Keene: I think that's an important point to point out. If we're just
thinking about this without that factor in there, and you're suddenly saying,
"We're going to issue all this debt, and we have these risks," the existing
baseline debt service and costs are very close to what Option 1 is right now.
Clearly, even though there are concerns about where would the golf rounds
be, all of this was also predicated on the fact that we were going to
reconstruct a much more attractive and appealing and distinctive golf
course. That was one of the factors that got me more comfortable with
where we were, given the fact that with the delays we'd had these cost
increases and that sort of thing. Thanks.
                                                                       Page 97 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
