                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Is there anybody else who wants to pull it?

Council Member Wolbach:      DuBois was okay with changing that.           I was
looking to Holman ...

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) We were just changing it to the
language they had in the next item down in the table.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll say pull that one.      I think the grammar is
poor, and it's not as clear (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Does anybody else want to pull it for that purpose. No second.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it to hear more about why.

Council Member Wolbach: Should I speak to that now?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: If we change that to what I was proposing, it
would say allowable residential densities would be increased Downtown and
near California Avenue possibly by adding the PTOD zoning designation to
Downtown and streamlining the permitting process to allow for residential
development in the PTOD zone with reduced regulations. That's what it'd
say.

Mayor Burt: Going back to the CC-2, the one argument for keeping it the
way it was proposed that was compelling to me was Council Member DuBois'
one that we're only doing this for Scenario 5. I think most of the other
discussions were people trying to wade into the merits of a particular policy,
which is not what we're doing. Just for study purposes, to look at 1.5 in
Scenario 5 and 2.0 in Scenario 6 is useful for environmental analysis. I'm
actually not going to support that separate vote.

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I understand that. That's what I was just saying. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Will this be something that's easily unbundled or not?
The CC-2 issue. If it's not easily unbundled ...

Ms. Gitelman: It will not be easily unbundled.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If it's not easily unbundled, it's not actually helpful
between the 5 and the 6.
                                                                        Page 84 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
