                          TRANSCRIPT
regulations that go beyond or take a different form but are not less effective
than what the State has proposed. My sense of the nature of the questions
that some of you, comments that you all have made in submitting questions
and some, I think, warrant comments from community members, folks like
Canopy, that I think do need to be respected. I'd be very uncomfortable as
City Manager in recommending to you that I thought that we could
effectively slog through this tonight and come out with a new Ordinance. I
want to be clear in this. I don't think there's a big risk in us sort of taking a
little bit more time to put the Palo Alto premium on this next step, but you
may feel differently about that or at least want to either hear from some
folks in the public or commentaries from yourself. We're happy to answer
questions. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Before any other questions, I think it would be good to just
acknowledge that, one, this did come to us and other cities as essentially a
short timeframe mandate from the State, having characteristics of an
Urgency Ordinance even if it wasn't officially declared so. On the other
hand, I don't think it's necessarily a Palo Alto premium to do some of the
inclusion that members of the public and, I think, members of the Council
are concerned with. In our Staff's best intention to get this through on time,
if we didn't include our City Urban Forester and our arborist in something
that very much is within their purview as well as the Development Center,
and then we have community partners who are ordinarily involved in
certainly our tree canopy and also in our landscaping. Whereas, the Green
Building Advisory Group is principally involved in physical structures. I don't
think it's going beyond the norm to have those participants in this
discussion. I think it's what would have been proper. Acknowledging that
we can't go back in time, what we have before us is what's the best way to
contend with moving forward, having Action. Inaction tonight constitutes
action. If we don't take a specific adoption, then by default the State
Ordinance becomes our Interim Ordinance. Just to bear in mind that we
don't have to take the formal Action for that consequence to occur. What I
would suggest is that we, at this time, if we have any technical questions on,
in particular, the process and if we are in agreement with what the City
Manager just framed that we would not have the time to go into an in-depth
discussion and framing of alternative language and composition to the
Ordinance tonight and still get on and do our important meeting on the
Comp. Plan, then I would suggest that we focus on process, and then give
members of the public who came to speak an opportunity to comment on it,
so that we'll have that input as well. Let me open it up to any really process
questions at this time from Colleagues, if there are any. Council Member
Wolbach.


                                                                              Page 31 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
