                          TRANSCRIPT
there at all times of the day and night. To the consultants, to Jeff, I want to
thank him for fixing the problem in the report where they said the channel
was 14 feet wide. With that pop-up event, it wasn't. There are constraints
for that section to be a shared-use path. It doesn't meet existing guidelines.
Anyway, I ask you to think about what the goals are. If the money that
you're going to allocate makes some sense and satisfies some goal, it's
probably okay. If it doesn't, maybe it is time to give that money back to the
County. I'm not sure. It's taxpayer money; it really needs to be used to do
something that's really worthwhile and has some vision. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Beach, to be
followed by David Beach. Welcome.

Stephanie Beach: Mayor Burt, Council Members, thank you for letting us
speak this evening. As a disclaimer, I will let you know that I have lived
next to the creek on the Ross/Louis section of Clara for the last 45 years. I
have a vested interest. I've also reared three children in Palo Alto, who
have bicycled. I have a husband who's a bicycle commuter. Bicycles have
been front and center in our lives for a long time. I would welcome a bicycle
trail from the Bay to the Foothills, but I'd like to start—that's the goal. How
do we achieve it? We don't achieve it by doing a piecemeal, block-by-block,
zigzag configuration that ends up really being a trail to nowhere. It's not a
bike trail. The bike trail can use that one portion between—although, I just
understand not now. The only portion that's really available to bicycles is
Ross to Louis. How are we going to keep the bicycles off the other areas? I
would urge you to vote against this as it's arranged now. I think that Loma
Verde is a wonderful option, but not the way the consultants have configured
it. I'd like to cede the rest of my time to my husband, if possible.

Mayor Burt: Sorry, we don't allow ceding time except under a rule where
five members can combine their time. Our next speaker is David Beach.

David Beach: Do you allow VGA connections to your projector?

Mayor Burt: To be followed by Sherrie Furman.

Mr. Beach: What is the best value proposition for bicyclists in Palo Alto? I'm
only looking at Section D of the proposed plan, because I looked rather
carefully at that, the Matadero right-of-way or Loma Verde Avenue. Here's a
decision matrix that might be helpful. The first thing I want to look at is, is
it a natural environment which will be spiritually and physically refreshing for
people going there. On the left is the Matadero Creek, and on the right is
                                                                         Page 36 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
