                         TRANSCRIPT
development, is a valid way to assess the basic figures that are set forth in
the document. Would it not be more reasonable using other portions of the
DWR handbook to assess it based on actual development and projected
quantification from those projects that were required to accomplish WSAs?
It's not clear from the Staff Report that there has been adequate notice,
especially with respect to the public. You'll note that the designations for
adequate public notice, Appendix B, are blank on the proposed draft Urban
Water Management Plan. I would join in the comments of Council Member
Schmid. They relate to the lack of the requirement for a regional approach
which is a requirement for the Urban Water Management Plan. I think that
data needs to be added. As far as projections, I think that also needs to be
based on information as are customarily retained in water supply
assessments. On specific issues, there are inconsistencies within the Plan. I
would suggest that the lack of public notice merits a continuation along with
the questions that have been raised not only by Council. With respect to
groundwater wells, there's no analysis in the analysis section in the printout
portions in 23 to 26 of the currently advancing, well-documented
groundwater plume or the recently concluded DTSC proceeding in the upper
Stanford housing project which is above the drinking area identified in the
Plan. Whether it's a DMM or water contingency analysis, I would suggest
very respectfully there should be at least consideration for zero water
footprint or, as it's designated in the DWR handbook at Page 8-14, zero
water demand increase. That way everybody pays for what they're going to
use when they commence, not unlike the concept of parking. If you're
generating four parking spaces, you've got to have those spaces. The same
thing would be true here. I think there are some inconsistencies that need
to be corrected; there are several. One I would just point out is the water
loss amount text on Page 44 says it's seven percent; whereas, the water
loss report, Appendix C, says it's 8.4 percent.          I would encourage
continuation so that there could be the opportunity for more public comment
and correction of internal consistencies and addressing the matter on a
regional basis as suggested by Council Member Schmid. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you. I have a question, and maybe one of you will
forward it. I was wondering if we have any issues of saltwater intrusion into
our groundwater basin. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:28 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now close the public hearing and return to
the Council for discussion and a motion.


                                                                       Page 43 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
