                          TRANSCRIPT
Mark Piros, Unit Chief DTSC:       I'm Mark Piros.   I'm Unit Chief who's
responsible for the South Bay counties including Santa Clara County. With
the cleanup program, what we address is anywhere where there has been
releases or suspected releases of hazardous substances is the jurisdiction of
our cleanup program. Of course, DTSC also has a hazardous management
program which has to do with the day-to-day management of hazardous
waste.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What we've been asked to do is approve a subdivision
map change, which is moving those houses. DTSC has looked at that and
said that that's the appropriate thing to do?

Ms. Klein: Yes, we did look at that. Yes, we concurred that those were the
appropriate measures to make, and that they were kind of above and
beyond what they could have agreed to do. For example, there's the slab
that's going to be under-laying these residences. It's going to be a very
thick slab, and they're going to be under a tension. They will be very
resistant to cracking. If you had a slab that cracked, of course, then you
can imagine that there could be some molecules if present in the subsurface
soil could creep up through the slab and into indoor air spaces. That was
one item that we were very pleased with, that they were going to put under
the residences a thicker slab that was under tension, that would be very
resistant to cracking over time. The other thing that they are doing is
putting in a vapor barrier which is a sprayed-on vapor barrier that is
designed to prevent penetration of molecules of TCE up through that barrier
and then into the slab and then up. Another thing I just want to point out is
that in our the risk assessment that was performed, we—I think it was
mentioned in the formal presentation that the soil vapor plume is actually
very deep. It is not close to the surface, but it's rather deep. The risk
assessment assumed that depth. In the actual development, there is going
to be an additional fill—I think it has already been put in place, I'm not
sure—of 10-15 feet of compacted dirt, engineered fill that is going to also
provide a deeper cap than was assumed in the risk assessment. For all
those reasons for these different lines of evidence, we concurred—I should
say the Human and Ecological Risk Division part of DTSC concurred with
those recommendations.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I understood from the Staff Report was that there
could be—the building permit wouldn't be issued by our department until
there was a no action letter issued by DTSC.

Mr. Piros: That's one point I'd like to clarify. I think this site actually—we're
seeing it as two distinctly different areas. There's the area where the
development is proposed, that's been primarily addressed by the risk

                                                                          Page 37 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
