                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Council Member Kniss also seemed to be talking
about $95. This is at $50 a square foot for market-rate, single-family
detached.

Mayor Burt: I'm not in support of having the commercial development get a
break.     I do want to mention Vice Mayor Scharff had raised these
comparisons to other surrounding cities. I was checking, confirming my
recollection that, for instance, our office rate compared to San Jose or Santa
Clara is in the neighborhood of two and a half times the office rate. If you
look at it that way, the correlation between their fees and ours don't look so
out of kilter especially given, as Council Member DuBois stated, that a
number of locales are looking at what we're doing. We're liable to see some
increases in fees in the region in this coming year or so. Finally, I just want
to say at a high level one of the real drivers for us to be able to add housing
and affordable housing in our community is addressing our transportation
issues. If we are able to do that on diminishing our trips to our targeted
areas for greater housing of our two downtowns and along El Camino, we
really achieve two things if we have successful TDM programs. One, we're
going to have a lot—maybe three things—more appetite in the community
for housing growth. Second, we will have lower costs to build the housing if
we can demonstrate that the parking requirement, which is a huge driver in
all development, does not need to be as high in certain circumstances for
certain types of housing at certain locations as is our formulaic approach.
Third, reducing those trips to those downtown areas does what we were
talking about earlier this evening, frees a huge amount of City-owned
property in our downtown areas of surface parking lots. They're not all
going to be available at once. This is going to be a longer-term program.
The more we accelerate that process of solving our local traffic problems and
parking problems, the sooner we will be able to dedicate more of that land
toward affordable housing projects. Those might be combination projects,
where there would be some level of public parking and affordable. We don't
know that it would necessarily be a 100-percent affordable project there. In
any event, that becomes enabled by solving the transportation problem.
Solving the transportation problem solves the parking problem, enables the
housing including affordable housing. I just want to make sure we're
keeping our eye on that ball. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure that I'm very clear
before we vote on this Motion. I don't think I'd spoken to the main Motion
prior. I just want to go through these one at a time and make sure I
understand them and that I'm getting the numbers right. For office and
R&D, this Motion as it currently stands would adopt a $60 per square foot
fee. Is that correct?

                                                                         Page 73 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
