                         TRANSCRIPT
A.    Adopt a California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) exemption and
      approve the Concept Plan for the Bryant Street Update; and

B.    Approve professional services Contract Nnumber C16163533 with Alta
      Planning + Design, Inc. in the amount of $824,542 for a period of one
      year for the preparation of plans, specifications and estimates for the
      Amarillo Avenue-Moreno Avenue, Bryant Street Update, Louis Road-
      Montrose Avenue, and Ross Road Bicycle Boulevard Projects; and

C.    At the time of the awarding of the bike construction contract, direct
      Staff to report to the Council any adjustments to parking that have
      been made to the Bicycle Boulevard Plan in response to the Downtown
      Residential Preferential Parking Program Phase 2 (RPP) or adjustments
      to RPP in response to the Bike Boulevard Plan.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously with
Council Member DuBois abstaining. Council Member DuBois will now be
rejoining us as we move on to the second half of the discussion.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois not participating

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 8:53 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Would Staff like to kick this off?

Mr. Louch: Thank you. Now we're going to talk about the Amarillo-Moreno,
Ross Road and Louis-Montrose Bicycle boulevards. (inaudible) Bryant one,
we wanted to start with just the events that were held that were kind of
specific to these bicycle boulevards. As you see, we had separate events
targeted around Midtown, around South Palo Alto. Again, we had this
workshop that was for all the bicycle boulevards as well as the bike-alongs
and other events that were held. We heard a lot of different comments at
our most workshop in addition to the general comments we've already
discussed. We heard a lot of interest and support for the landscaping along
Amarillo-Moreno, certainly an interest and concern about parking. Along
Amarillo-Moreno is one of the areas where quite a bit of parking is proposed
for removal, mostly due to the school there, the Ohlone School, as well as s
an extension of the park further down the road. Along Ross Road, we heard
interest in, as folks mentioned here earlier, making sure the landscaping is
low for maximum visibility; some interest in retiming the traffic signal at
Oregon Expressway so it better accommodates bicyclists; some interest in
the roundabout proposed at Moreno. Some interests supported that, and
some opposed to that as well as potential to retain some of the stop signs
that were proposed for removal.       Finally, on the Louis-Montrose Bike
Boulevard, we heard just one comment supportive of the roundabouts there.
                                                                      Page 56 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
