                          TRANSCRIPT
bringing workers in here more efficiently. Therefore, we need to think in
terms of systems dynamics. Systems dynamics indicates we have feedback
loops that says that as we address impacts, we allow growth to increase.
When we don't have impacts dealt with, the impacts get worse, then we
slow down growth. We need to have some automatic mechanisms, because
after all the Comp Plan is going to be here for the next 14 or 15 years and,
based on the history, more than that. We need to basically think about how
we set this up. There are school impacts we need to consider. Increasing
enrollment, all the scenarios overfill our middle schools. The issues that
there are five different ways that this impact the school enrollment, impacts
our school budget and our population. Also, there's a question that was
raised about the annual office cap and whether it included in the scenarios.
What didn't come out from that is what level of annual office growth cap was
included in the scenarios. Was it 50,000 square feet? Was it 100,000
square feet? What level of growth is an important question. While smaller
housing units do tend to have a lower impact on schools as was mentioned,
there are certainly consequent impacts there. We need to think carefully
about what kind of housing we create, whether it's for low-income, whether
it's for expensive pricing. We need to think about the impacts of those on
schools. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Neilson Buchanan to be followed by our final
speaker, Peter Stone.

Neilson Buchanan: I would like to start by thanking Dave Garber and Arthur
Keller and the committee that's been putting all this together. Last week I
saw as my first chance to tune in on what's been accomplished with the
work so far. Hillary, your Staff has done a very good job of wrestling a very,
very slippery pig. I think it's maybe time for even more divergent thinking
on the scenarios. There's a real danger of converging too quickly on all the
opportunities that the future holds for Palo Alto. A fifth scenario is not bad.
Even Steve Levy's suggestion about a sixth scenario, that divergent thinking
may help everybody revert to the mean. Six scenarios is way too many. I
think the process would then say here are the two or three ways that you
really want to go when you shake this process all the way to its core. When
you do get down to the two or three things that people in Palo Alto are going
to resonate, I ask you to take another step to have fewer words and more
pictures. This is really tough stuff to read through. I think about the
meeting facilitators I've worked with over the years that would be drawing
pictures of what people are talking about. Throwing in some of that
iconology would really help the public understand where we're going. Let
me just close very quickly with my personal family situation. When I moved
to California, I made some quick decisions about where to live. I knew how
much I was going to make and where I wanted to live. I let money dictate
                                                                         Page 42 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
