                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff read the Resolution into the record.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I say something?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Jonathan and Steve and Garth, I just wanted to say we
are really going to miss you guys. I've really enjoyed being the liaison with
you guys. It's going to be a real loss to the community, you guys going off
the Commission.

Mayor Burt: Finally, Garth Hall, the Resolution to be read by Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: There's a bunch of whereas's in here. I'm going to
skip a few, but they'll be in the final version. He read the Resolution into the
record. Again, I'd like to thank you, Garth, and all three of you guys. It's
been an excellent Commission. Thank you for your service.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I just wanted to agree with the comments that
have been made here this evening. With all three of you leaving at once,
we're losing an awful lot of talent. Just one other thing. If the three of you
are leaving together to form your own advisory group, would you please let
us know?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just wanted to heap on more praise and say
thank you, guys, so much for all the work and time put in that you guys
have done to make our community better. I was talking with one of your
replacements over the weekend. We were talking about ...

Council Member Kniss: There's no replacement.

Council Member Berman: There is no replacement. How the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) in my mind is the most technical Commission
that we have. It's also the one that, at least in my experience on the
Council, always has—it's always the toughest vote when it comes to voting
on who to appoint to the UAC. I think both times that we've appointed
people, there has been just so many great applicants and not enough spots.
Thank you, guys, for that. I remember walking the Dish with Jon before I
got elected to Council. He was just giving me diplomatic advice. He said,
                                                                            Page 2 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
