                         TRANSCRIPT
is the disconnect that can exist. Are we really changing our behavior by
having offsets? On the other hand, I think the City has demonstrated that
offsets are a step from just burning carbon to moving to a carbon-free
setting. The Staff recommendation here even on offsets, as I understand it,
and the Finance Committee is to make a step in greening up our portfolio
along the way to allow for the use of offsets while we're also looking at more
permanent changes that would not be offset heavy.

Council Member Kniss: I understand what you're saying. I understand the
intent for sure. If there were comments that I saw repeatedly coming in on
my email, that was one of them. Maybe somebody in the audience will give
a much better explanation or one that's more a sidewalk explanation as we
go forward tonight.

Ms. Dailey: One of the things that we currently operate under for the
voluntary program is to use only California Air Resources Board approved
protocols, verified projects. The intent of that is it's very well documented
that whatever greenhouse gas reduction was truly additional to what that
operation would have done without the money for the offset.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hi. Can you talk about the process a local entity
would have to go through to qualify to provide offsets?

Ms. Dailey: Again, the CARB has a number of protocols that spell out in
detail what constitutes an offset project. One example would be an urban
forestry project. I'm not an expert on the details of how to certify an urban
forestry project, but it has to be additional to what would have happened
under normal operations of a City or whoever might be planting the trees.
The trees have to stay in the ground for some certain number of years, stay
alive for some certain amount of time. There's a lot of rules about what
constitutes an offset project. Should the City, for example, decide to certify
an urban forestry project, they would have to meet all those protocols laid
out by CARB.

Mr. Shikada: If I might add, Council Member. I think it's fair to say from
the Utilities Department's perspective, we've done a relatively lite review of
the steps involved with actually certifying a project. I know that Public
Works urban forestry is looking into the potential to develop a certified
project. As Karla pointed out, my understanding is both the planting that
needs to be evaluated in terms of its carbon benefit as well as maintaining
the trees, in this case, for 25 years. There is a specific protocol that's
involved. The City could look further into developing a certified project if
that's something that the Council wants to pursue.
                                                                        Page 19 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
