                         TRANSCRIPT
the Public Works Department, the tree wells, the cleanliness of the garages,
the receptacles that he's been working on with the City to replace. There is
this motivation and emphasis to push this focus on the Downtown where it
might not be if it weren't for the Business Association. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have a second speaker; it's Brad Ehikian.

Brad Ehikian: Well done. Most people get that fairly wrong, so thank you.
My name is Brad Ehikian, and I am with Premier Properties. We have
probably one of the larger management portfolios in Downtown Palo Alto.
We have about 35 properties alone that we have under management. One
of the reasons why I joined the BID was to really get a pulse on what was
happening Downtown. We interact with a lot of tenants and businesses that
are coming into Palo Alto. When I joined, I viewed it as a conduit to the City
and to our businesses, to really get a feeling for what issues were affecting
them. I think it's really important that our businesses do have an outlet to
the City to be able to communicate some of the concerns that they have.
These are things that we're really concerned about. We have a large
interest in making sure that Palo Alto stays vibrant, stays clean and safe.
This is our important market for us, and we really try to protect it. Again, I
want to put out there that I really want to just promote that there's this
conduit for businesses to be able to kind of explain some of the concerns
that they have and issues that are affecting them, so that we can help kind
of address some of these issues and make our City better and stronger and
more economically vibrant. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     We have one final speaker, Georgie Gleim.
Welcome.

Georgie Gleim: Thank you. Ditto to everything that's been said before. The
idea for the BID actually came from the City's Economic Development
Manager at the time, when the marketing committee and the Chamber of
Commerce was really struggling with how can we try to promote Downtown
as an entity and do it strictly on volunteer labor which was just getting more
and more difficult. She said there is this instrument call the Business
improvement District; let's investigate. Over the course of two or three
years, I think, we did a lot of surveys. We really crafted the boundaries as
carefully as we could as well as the definitions of the types of memberships
and the levels of assessments that would be charged. One thing I was just
thinking of. If the BID didn't exist, there wouldn't be a Downtown Streets
Team to help keep the City clean and help some of the homeless, because
that organization came from the BID. There wouldn't be a way for the City
to get very organized information from the business community in
Downtown. I do know that there are a lot of different departments—Russ

                                                                          Page 22 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
