                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Sartor: (crosstalk) add that to the description.

Mr. Keene: I think we need to remember that most of the whole Group 3
was never really fully committed to.        It was almost, from a policy
perspective, put in a parking lot for us to need to deal with. We're in the
process of responding. We put it yellow, because we don't have, again, sole
control over the schedule and the process itself. It also involves the Water
District.

Council Member Schmid: Yes, but it is our priority.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: In general I wanted to say that in Public Works I
largely agreed with your relative priorities, even the yellows and reds.
Obviously there's some differences of opinions on some items. Looking at
the tradeoffs you had to make, obviously we want everything. If the
tradeoff was not working on the smoking ban, I actually think given this list
that was the right tradeoff. We can't put everything into the parking lot and
make it all go green in general. The two items that for me personally, again,
the golf course. The longer it takes, the more it costs us. I just think we
need to accelerate it however we can. The other one's the Baylands
Interpretive Center. I'd also like to see that one get done. Again, that's
yellow, waiting for permits. If we can push on those two. Generally, I
wanted to say I largely agreed with the tradeoffs.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I agree with the last statements and also with the
statements that Council Member Schmid was making about the dewatering
too, and better understanding of the environmental consequences of even
capturing some water that is being pumped out. I'd like to see that. I know
this doesn't mean it's not being worked on, but some of that aspect, you
said it's already being worked on, should be green. It'd be great if we saw
that sooner than later.

Mayor Burt: I would say that there are some projects that we could have a
project number and then an "A" and a "B" that would help clarify it.

Mr. Keene: Why don't we just put this as a parking lot? We'll schedule an
update, even if it's an information update, as to where we are. There are
things within this item in the third bucket or whatever we call it, which we're
actually not in a position to move ahead on at all now, and others that we
are. We need to be able to report to you on that.

                                                                        Page 57 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
