                          TRANSCRIPT
bonuses at the end of the year. You talk about the living wage that people
have here. We employ over 50 people in that restaurant. Our restaurant is
a little different though. We have concerns about Labor Code 351. We have
people who work both in back-of-house and front-of-house where they touch
the employees all the time, so we are able to tip pool with all of them. The
impact on our business by going to $15 an hour for those people who are
already over $20 an hour, just for those people, is over $420,000 by the
time you finish with this. If you think of that, the back-of-house, fine, we
don't have an issue with it. As you raise it to $15 for all the employees
without the total compensation consideration, we're in a position where we
have to consider if we renew our lease in two weeks for the next 10 years.
We're the largest restaurant in Downtown Palo Alto right now. We don't
open for lunch; we're only open for dinner. We're providing compensation to
the employees that is well above what you're trying to accomplish because
of the tips. We have servers who are close to $40 an hour now. To get to
that point with this increase, we have to consider if it makes sense for us to
sign that lease for the next 10 years. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Peter Katz, to be followed by
Michael Ekwall.

Peter Katz: Thank you, Council Members. This is Peter Katz. I own a
restaurant in Palo Alto; I own eight other restaurants around the Bay Area
including Mountain View, Cupertino, San Mateo, some of the cities that
you've talked about. It seems like this dialog keeps coming back to living
wage, minimum wage, $15 an hour by what year. Yet, all of the restaurant
input is really being missed. That's not our point. We believe in a living
wage and a minimum wage for all of our employees. What we're saying is
this monolithic approach to it is not going to benefit the people that deserve
to receive the most benefit. In fact, if you look at the conversations that
have been going on, we've been asking about a total compensation
accommodation, and there's been a lot of reasons why not. What are those
reasons? It's not because it's not right, not ethical, not fair. It's because it's
too difficult to administer, we're afraid of being sued or there's political
pressure from various organizations. Is that Palo Alto? Is that what we
stand for here? We're talking about how Palo Alto stood up for progressive
rights and reason, and yet we sit back here and listen to all these ministerial
reasons, potential—what's the word? False herrings. We don't address the
real issues. Palo Alto, one of the reasons it's such a great city is because of
all the culture and the dining opportunities. I can guarantee you if this
keeps going the way it's going, in two or three years you'll have nothing but
really big chains or I don't know what, but it's not going to be the same City.
We need to stand up. We need your help to stand up to the State. I do not
believe the interpretations of the State Labor Code are valid. They speak
                                                                          Page 75 of 100
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/26/16
