                         TRANSCRIPT
what we thought should be reported. Our recommendation was when they
updated the Code to address all the issues in the audit report to clarify the
reporting requirements. I think that's what they're trying to accomplish with
this Staff Report. We generally tell them what we want them to do, but not
how we want them to do it. We leave the how up to them, and that's what's
being addressed in the Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Could you repeat the first change you said was on
Page 129?

Ms. Nikzat: Certainly.

Council Member DuBois: Is that an addition of "D"?

Ms. Nikzat: On Packet 129 add Section 16.64.070(d), which will read "the
Director may elect to appoint a designee to hear and decide a protest under
this section."

Council Member DuBois: That's a new letter "D" as in dog. Thanks. I just
didn't catch that. I know this is mostly Code cleanup. I'm curious. There
was a housing impact fee that went to Finance. When is that going to come
to Council?

Ms. Nikzat: I don't know when that's coming to Council.

Mr. Keene: It's a separate issue. We're thinking it's in December, but we
don't … I may be able to tell you more specifically.

Ms. Silver: It has one more meeting before the Planning Commission and
then it goes to …

Mr. Keene: December 12th.

Ms. Silver: … the Council.

Council Member DuBois: That already went to the Finance Committee,
right? A question for the Chair of the Finance Committee. I'm just curious.
I just saw the Minutes. Was deletion of this report discussed at the Finance
Committee?

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry. What page are you on?

Council Member DuBois:      122, 16.57.070.       Council Member Schmid's
question about reporting about the in-lieu fee.
                                                                       Page 83 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
