                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I just want to say it's a really great museum. The
classes that they offer for teenagers are outstanding. The Fix It weekends
are great as well.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I see no more lights. Please          vote on the board.
That passes unanimously. I don't want the brevity of         the item to reflect
anything other than a wholehearted embrace by the City       and the Council for
having such a wonderful museum in our community. We          look forward to the
next 25 years, at least. Thank you.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

14.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Emergency Ordinance of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Adding Chapter 9.16 (Medical Marijuana
      Cultivation and Delivery) to Title 9 (Public Peace, Morals and Safety) of
      the Palo Alto Municipal Code to Prohibit Medical Marijuana Cultivation
      and Delivery in Palo Alto Pursuant to California Assembly Bills 243 and
      266 and Senate Bill 643. This Action is Exempt Under Section
      15061(b)(3) of the California Environmental Quality Act.

Mayor Burt: Now we move onto Item Number 14 which is a hearing of an
adoption of an emergency ordinance of the Council adding Chapter 9.16,
medical marijuana cultivation and delivery, to Title 9, Public Peace, Morals
and Safety, of the Palo Alto Municipal Code prohibiting medical marijuana
cultivation and delivery in Palo Alto pursuant to California Assembly Bills 243
and 266 and Assembly Bill 643. If the City Attorney could briefly give us
also the context for why this is coming forward at this time and the
ramifications of taking this action.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. City
Attorney Molly Stump. I'm going to try to best Lalo Perez's shortest item
ever by starting with where I think we possibly want to end up. This
situation is evolving at the State level. The item is before you tonight, and
it's before you as an urgency ordinance because there was a trigger and
technically still is a trigger in State law that would require the City Council to
take action on the cultivation piece in particular or potentially lose the ability
to regulate that in Palo Alto. The current State law requires cities to take
action and to have an enacted ordinance, an effected ordinance by the first
of March. However, the State Legislature has been working on a fix that
would remove that time requirement. This work started in December, and it
passed out of both houses of the State Legislature last Thursday and was
sent to the Governor at 2:00 on Friday. As of today at 5:00, we had not any
word that he had signed it. Knowledgeable observers fell that he is very
likely to do that. If the Governor does sign that fix legislation, then this is

                                                                          Page 70 of 125
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/1/16
