                          TRANSCRIPT
barbershop, the teach your children to read shop don't do that for you.
However, they are different from offices in that they are something that
people go Downtown to do and to use. They have a place if you don't have
too many of them. I think there's a place within reason for them. I'd like to
call your attention to today's Post, the Palo Alto Daily Post, in which Dave
Price says the City has this problem with housing. It's one of the Council's
own making. Although, not you, it's long before you. They simply allowed
these jobs to be created without housing. Now, they're paying the price.
They've got to get the housing back. They could very easily do it by telling
the people who wish to develop that if they developed housing, then they
could have this other use, other than this actual true store on the ground
floor. They could have the real estate firm, the barbershop, if the rest of the
structure were housing. That's called leverage. That's a way to get what
you want. I think that's not only legitimate, it's to be desired. You need the
housing, and you could simply say, "Build the housing, and then you may
have this semi-retail use on the ground floor." Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Christian Hansen to be followed by Jonathan Satz.

Christian Hansen: Good evening, Council Members. My partner and I own
999 Alma, and that's the Anthropologie building. I just want to share with
you our experience in owning that building since we purchased it back in
2014. We bought that building knowing that Anthropologie may extend their
lease or they may move. Within a few months of owning it, as you know,
they moved to the mall, to a different location, because they had trouble
supporting their retail business that far south of the retail corridor. As we've
gone through this process of knowing Anthropologie is leaving and putting
our space on the market, we were curious to see what type of feedback we'd
get. We put this on the market, and we put an undisclosed price, because
we wanted all offers to be brought to us. To our surprise we've been
marketing it for about 10 months now, and we have not yet received an
offer of any amount to lease the entire premises of our building. We have
had people interested in leasing a small portion along Alma and the corner of
Addison but 10,000 feet, which is the size of our building, is larger than any
tenant that we've been able to drum up within the last 10 months. I think
that in reading the SOFA II Code, I think that there's some flexibility that
would allow us to lease it, if we were allowed to use the current SOFA II
zoning. I think a question came up tonight about can everyone in the SOFA
II area convert to office once this emergency Ordinance expires. The
answer to that is no. We're limited to 5,000 feet. In our particular building,
we could have retail on the front, but along the alley we would have the
flexibility to put in some other use that's maybe more conducive to being
along an alley and off of Alma. I would just urge the Council as you're
making these decisions to please take into account that the flexibility in the
                                                                        Page 74 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
