                         TRANSCRIPT
integrate with the Comp. Plan. As we have begun to do to both track and
trail and advise the Comp. Plan. process, so that there is cross-fertilization
and cross-linkage between them. We're looking for your guidance tonight
on what you would need to know to be able to endorse this Draft
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan as the basis for discussion and further
work. To ask if you're ready to set a directional goal to adopt the suggested
or a varied list of principles and criteria to guide Staff in the work that we
will carry on going forward from here. Perhaps you may be ready to make
some decisions around key strategies that we might begin to move on an
initial portfolio of actions. The next step would be to bring you specific
Implementation Plans, probably mobility as the first one both because of its
scale of impact on quality of life and its scale of impact on greenhouse gas
emissions and the readiness of many of the measures that are in place
already or in development by Staff. As we make decisions, we need to
commit and mobilize and, as I said, evaluate and reset, I would suggest at
least every five years. Tim O'Reilly, a technology publisher who many of you
know, encourages us to pursue something so important so that even if you
fail, the world is better off for you having tried. I put that in here because
one of our Commissioners asked me some months ago, "What happens if we
set an 80 by 2030 goal and we fail?" My thought was better if we set 80 and
get to 70; that's way better than shooting for 50 and getting to 50. There's
no penalty for failure. The bold goal challenges us to muster our creativity
and our ingenuity and our forces to do something better than we might have
done without that challenge. I'll leave it there. Look forward to hearing
your comments and your questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's see. Do we have speaker cards that are
starting to come in? What we ordinarily do is have technical questions from
the Council before commencing to hearing from members of the public, and
then come back to a discussion and action by the Council. What I'd like to
do—one of the things that we need to struggle with tonight is how do we
discuss this topic. On the bottom of Page 2 of the Staff Report, we had
some questions and forces to consider. David, can you put up the questions
that I ... I took another crack at a set of questions that we may want to use
to frame our discussion. Before commencing with the technical questions, I
wanted to see if the Council would like to use this, what you'll see on the
screen in a moment, as kind of a draft for our discussion. They're just
questions; they're not answers. We have them in front of us. They don't
necessarily replace the ones in the Staff Report, but I thought this would be
one way to—we lost it from our screens. How about if we go ahead and
proceed with technical questions from Colleagues to the Staff? When we
come back to discussion, you can give feedback on whether you want to use
these questions, other ones, or just hoof it. Council Member Kniss.

                                                                        Page 21 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
