                          TRANSCRIPT
don't lose track of it. I'll be honest; I share some of the concerns we've
heard about the future of the TMA. I'm looking forward to hearing the
feedback about that in three weeks. I am really concerned; I think it's a
serious priority for the City. In order for us to make sure it gets on track,
stays on track, and make sure that we have a strong seat at the table, I
think we need to at least be open to the possibility that we might need to be
playing a role in finding or even directly providing some of the funding for—
yes, I'm talking about money—potentially for the TMA. I think we need to
be really honest with ourselves. I appreciate everything the business
community has done to talk about wanting to contribute to that, but I think
we need to prepare ourselves for thinking about how we are going to make
sure that doesn't go off track. That means energy, and it also might mean
money.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Council Member Wolbach: As Council Member DuBois just pointed out, we
are a larger employer Downtown, certainly. We certainly need to continue
with efforts that we've already started with in the City to reduce our own
drive-alone rate. I do think that that's important to point out. It's not just
the business community doing it on their own. I want to make sure we keep
a seat at that table. That means we've got to have maybe some skin in the
game too. I also am not sure we're doing enough or have enough clarity
about what our options are regarding low-wage workers. I think that's
something that as we do at our next check-in about this and as we revisit
this in the next year, especially as we start to ramp down over time the
number of spaces for employees. I want to get greater clarity in the future
about what our options are to ramp down spaces for high-income employees
before low-income employees. I really want to get clear about that and
spend some more time talking about that, thinking about that. I want to
make sure we're including the business community, including the retailers
and the restaurants, etc., and the Chamber, including them in that
conversation. I know they've been at the table, and I want to make sure
that we don't lose that important communication that is critical to making
this work. They say they want to help. They've come here and said they
want to help. Let's give them a chance; let's make sure we don't lose that.
Another area of concern that I'm not sure whether it goes in this motion. I
don't think it does, but I just want it put out there for consideration. I do
want to acknowledge the challenges that kind of combine to create a sense
that the City's really going after retailers. We always talk about we love
retailers and restaurants, but at the same time there are a lot of challenges
that restaurants and retailers face with changes to the waste policy, changes
to minimum wage, changes to parking. I'm in favor of all these policy
changes, but I want to make sure that, again, we're including them in the
                                                                        Page 57 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
