                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I hear a lot about push.       I haven't heard much
about pull. Sorry, just grilling you here.

Mr. Mello: I share your concern, but having a sponsor whose name is going
to be attached to the system and could be judged by the success or failure
of the system will add an incentive to the performance.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thanks for the presentation. I think this is
exciting and interesting all at the same time. Got a couple of questions
following up on Council Member Wolbach, just trying to wrap my head
around the product and how it works. The first question is there's an
additional fee for leaving your bike out of system. If I wanted to go to a
friend's house where there wasn't a hub, but I also wanted to know that that
bike would be there when I needed to leave, is there a way to reserve that
bike or keep a hold on that for a cost?

Mr. Mello: Ryan can talk more about this. I used the grid system in Phoenix
when I was there back in April. That's a SoBi bike system. I checked the
bike out in front of my hotel. I located it on my smart phone, walked out,
checked it out, rode to a coffee shop. I was able to lock it up and keep it
under my name while I was in the coffee shop, and then come out, unlock it
again. I returned it to a hub and got $1 credit. Ryan can talk more about
the specifics. I think you can also reserve the SoBi bikes via the app for a
limited amount of time.

Ryan Rzepecki, SoBi Social Bicycle Chief Operating Officer: That's right. It's
been fun watching you basically sell and then explain my product for the last
half hour. That's right. There's both a reserve feature—you can see a bike
and book it in advance and have it there when you get there. If you're
taking an extended trip with multiple stops, you're able to put the bike on
hold. Although, the meter is running while it's on hold. That's where the
pricing model we should discuss because there's some things baked into our
system that may not be reflected by that additional time. The feature does
exist.

Council Member Berman: Another question that I had was membership
fees. I've lost my slide. It was essentially a certain amount for unlimited
30-minute or under trips. There's an additional fee if it's over 30 minutes.
If I did want to use a bike for a full day, I'd just have to make sure every 28
minutes to kind of check one in at a hub and then just check out another
one. That would be a way to do a full-day tour of Palo Alto?


                                                                        Page 80 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
