                         TRANSCRIPT
reporting on those—but only those recommendations from the Finance
Committee that had a majority vote of the Finance Committee. There were
a number of—I don't know. Three, four, five maybe items were either a 2-2
split. Those are not included. If there's an interest in that, Mr. Mayor, I
think that would be very much like a Council Member bringing up any issue
related to the budget from their point of view. It would take the Council to
take some action as a Council to be able to include it in the budget.

Mayor Burt: The Staff proposal includes any majority recommendations of
the Finance Committee. Is that correct?

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Anything else is open for discussion and proposal, but it's not
within the Staff recommendation.

Council Member Wolbach: If we could actually perhaps—I think there were
some—there was some inclusion. If we could just maybe have—would it be
too much to ask for Staff to run through those and just make sure if we
don't take action, what will happen with each of these items, if we don't
provide any specific recommendation or direction this evening?

Ms. Nose: Sure, I'll go through that. Let's start with the first one. It's on
Page 7 of the Report. I'm not quite sure what packet page it is. Sorry.

Mayor Burt: Packet Page 129.

Ms. Nose: It says a request to ask Staff for a one FTE position reduction or
a two FTE position reduction. Before you is currently obviously a two
position reduction. If you want to change it to one, that would be the
substitute motion. The Office of Sustainability contingency remains at the
$250,000 level. The fire station fixture, furniture and equipment, FFE, for
exercise equipment remains within the budget at the, I think, $125,000
level. If you want to defer that, you would have to make a Motion to
remove that from the budget. Just to clarify on the Office of Sustainability
contingency, if you wanted to reduce it by 50 percent to the $125,000 level,
that would require a substitute motion.

Mr. Keene:     For the Council Members who weren't there, that was a
recommendation that some members of the Committee made, but it did not
get a majority vote.

Ms. Nose: Continuing at the top of the next page. There was discussion on
changes to the recommended $500,000 Planning and Transportation
contingency, depending on additional information. Additional information
                                                                           Page 25 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
