                          TRANSCRIPT
terms of data. We have a couple other things to consider. Library hours
were increased last year.       Actually there's a typo on this slide about
September 2015. The number of hours was increased by 36 additional
hours open across the board. Basically, Rinconada and Mitchell are now
open 10:00 A.M. to 9:00 P.M. on weekdays and 10:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. on
weekends. Children's hours were extended; now they're 10:00 A.M. to 6:00
P.M. on weekdays and Saturday, and Sunday 1:00 P.M. to 5:00 P.M.. The
hours also were sort of more normalized, so it's much easier to realize what
the state is. All the libraries open at 10:00 A.M., close at 6:00 P.M. unless
they're Mitchell or Rinconada when they close at 9:00 P.M. except on
weekends when they close at 6:00 P.M. like everything else closes anyway.
We think this has been very well accepted by the community. The Library
will probably be looking at acquisition of new technology assets going
forward. It's something to think about. The LAC does have some future
topics planned for consideration for presentations. We'll be looking at the
library volunteer program. We're looking at Project Safety Net, 3-D printing
and virtual reality and Library marketing and social media use programs.
We'd like to open the floor up for questions, comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That's really quite an incredible report and an
amazing amount of activities and initiatives going on in the Library by all the
work that you do and all the great work that our Staff does. Just thank you
both for all that exciting stuff. What we can do is open it up to Council
Members for questions and for members of the Commission if they wanted
to add any supplemental information or thoughts. I'll kick it off, Council
Member Holman. Because we can't use the lights, people need to raise their
hand, and I'll keep an eye open.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I agree with Mayor Burt, what a
remarkable presentation and what a remarkable body of work. It's really
phenomenal. You've made us all proud, and I hope you are all proud of the
accomplishments. This is pretty remarkable. I have one question. I didn't
find it in any of the charts here. We have several libraries that are closed on
Sunday. Wondering what the days are that have the most visits. In other
words, if we would open on Thursdays at College Terrace, is that the best
thing? Would it be to open on Sundays, would that be the better thing? Do
we have any information on that?

Chair Loy: I actually do not. I suspect we would need to get back to you
on—you're saying are there any days that they are open now that appear to
have lower usage, that might be better choices for it to be closed. Is that
what you're asking?



                                                                         Page 9 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
