                          TRANSCRIPT
are changing from meeting to meeting. It's very difficult as a resident to
know what to shoot for and bring in front of you, because it changes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The purpose tonight would be to set that direction, so
that you know what we're doing. What Staff suggested, which is easier for
you, is if we say we recommend that the Crescent Park neighborhood be
added to the Downtown RPP eligibility area, that makes it an administrative
process. You don't have to go through the process of coming to Council.
You get your petition in. What's the threshold? Staff can probably explain it
better than I can.

Ms. Atkinson: The three streets have already submitted signature pages
and a petition. 50 percent of residences are required to provide signature
for the petition. After the petition, we do a mail survey, which would be the
point at which we would take off with these streets if they were added to the
eligibility area. We need a positive response from at least 70 percent of the
homes on the mail survey.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If 70 percent of the homes do it, then you're in. You're
done and you get it.

Council Member DuBois: You'd have to accept 30 percent employee parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If don't accept the 30 percent employee parking, then
come back as the third priority. It's probably over a year away. It's really
your choice.

Ms. Skrabutenas: Right.

Mayor Burt:     Council Member Berman, you need to determine if you are
also okay with these changes to the Motion.

Council Member Berman: I am.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth. You're good now? If we've solved your
problems, that's okay.

Council Member Filseth: I think all this is going very much in the right
direction. I think we're right to leverage the framework that's been done. I
agree with all the Mayor's comments on why resident-only parking is not the
way we should go. I think we do need to make some accommodation for
workers so long as we preserve neighborhood quality. One of the comments
that Staff made is that 30 percent of the spaces in Downtown are allocated
towards commercial parking, but the intent is that's going to ratchet back
over time to a smaller number than that. I think that's important. The

                                                                     Page 115 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
