                          TRANSCRIPT
personal services and recreation uses like yoga? If you do, that's fine. Do
we want to have a limitation, maybe one per block or something like that?
Those are some avenues that we can explore also. What we're trying to
understand are the broader concepts.

Council Member Kniss: I understand totally. At the moment, the mix looks
pretty good, to be honest. Having just walked it today, going into a lot of
the stores, a lot of the retail, people are very happy on University Avenue at
the moment. I realize that can change overnight. Right now, the mix is
very good, and the traffic is good. There wasn't one person that we spoke
with, that said they weren't happy with that, they weren't happy with the
amount of business and so forth. If you haven't all taken a walk down
University Avenue lately and just gone in and out of the stores, try it. The
barbershop was very busy, by the way.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just a quick question before the comments. What
is the definition of personal services? What exactly all falls under that?

Mr. Lait: I'll pull that up for you here. Personal service is defined as the use
providing services of a personal convenience nature and cleaning, repair or
sales incidental thereto, including beauty shops, nail salons, day spas and
barbershops.

Council Member Berman:       Those are the only four specific uses that get
called out.

Mr. Lait: It goes on to talk about self-service laundry and dry-cleaning
services. There's also repair and fitting of clothing and shoes.

Council Member Berman: Clothing repair?

Mr. Lait: The precise language is repair and fitting of clothes, shoes and
personal accessories.

Council Member Berman: Repair and fitting of clothes, shoes. Got it. Not a
clothing store, but an area—as long as a clothing store doesn't do
alterations.

Mr. Lait: A clothing store would be retail. There's a couple of other uses,
printing and copying services, internet and consumer electronic services,
film, data, video processing, art, dance, music studios. We talked about
that, I think, earlier.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.
                                                                        Page 60 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
