                          TRANSCRIPT
specific policy proposal. I believe what we should do—I'm not actually
opposed to it. I just think we should have specific policy proposals and have
a Staff Report on these, understand that we're doing. It's a significant
change from 2.0 to 1.5. Just to put it in, I don't think it's useful in that way.
It says we're heading in that direction. We're doing that without any real
thought to it. I also think there's a counter-argument to it that may actually
be really important.      If you really want to eliminate greenhouse gas
emissions and have less traffic, you actually also want to put your jobs right
next to transit. The more jobs that are right next to transit, that's when you
get the lease number of people driving in cars.

Mayor Burt: I'll support pulling it. In the context, if it's with a cap on office
development, then we're not saying that a higher FAR allows more office
total. It's when you put it in, it's more concentrated on a given site. That's
the impact and why I'm open to pulling that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I was saying.

Mayor Burt: Did you have any others?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No. That was the only one.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, you had one.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) back up to where Tom began to make
this changes. It is take out the mitigations, sustainability measures would
be adapted to minimize impacts. I don't happen to agree with that one.
That should be left in.

Mayor Burt: Is there anybody who seconds that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was going to comment on the CC-2. Whenever
it's time to do that.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead now. It doesn’t look like we have other lights.

Council Member Holman: I support absolutely reducing the 2.0 FAR on CC-2
to 1.5. We can talk about having jobs near transit. They're more likely to
take transit. I don't disagree with that. Having the 2.0 allows more jobs, a
percentage of which would take transit.


                                                                          Page 82 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
