                         TRANSCRIPT
keep this on the docket and head toward 2018 and the next general
election.

Mayor Burt: Let me wade in at this moment to just give some thoughts for
folks. One is that if we're looking at not wanting to go with the next round
of polling because we're below two-thirds and yet we're moderately
comfortable above the simple majority, then I'm not quite sure what
outcome would have caused us to consider putting it on 2016. If we were
higher yet, we'd say, "Maybe we can pass a special tax and we don't have to
put it on 2016." I'm not quite sure on that. There is a reasonable argument
that we don't have enough time to do the good groundwork. That's a
different argument from how the polling numbers came out. The other one is
on—it is quite interesting to see how high the housing issue is. Housing
affordability was the way it was asked rather than availability. Probably
we'd get similar answers on either one. In reality, if we look at how we
would move the needle on housing, this much money wouldn't move the
needle; zoning changes would. It's one thing to find something that would
appeal to the voters. It's another thing as to what would actually have an
impact on the problem. I think this is the kind of money we would have for
local transportation would move the needle. Finally, if we do wait two years,
we will probably have even more support because the traffic will be even
worse. We won't have acted now, before it went from bad to an even worse
crisis, which is really frankly the reasons that I'm most interested in
continuing to explore this. I think we've seen each of the last several years,
it has gotten considerably worse each year, and it's approaching a real crisis
point. I'm fearful of waiting another two years to begin to be able to tack.
We looked at all the things that can be done in a real comprehensive
Transportation Management Association (TMA). We have our budget for this
year. We don't have the funds to fund a real comprehensive TMA. Aside
from all of the kind of machinations we come up with on this, my original
interest was because I think we have a really big need that this could go a
long way toward addressing. If we wait another two years, we're going to
have a worse need and a bigger hole to try and dig ourselves out of. Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: If you hadn't spoken first, I was going to say I
find myself on the opposite side of the fence from colleagues who have
already spoken. I'm glad that you chimed in. I looked at the first round of
polling to be a broader, more general sweep at this. I do agree with many
of the things that the Mayor just said. I also think that—I wonder if Palo
Alto is a well-run City, but I doubt seriously that most of the public has any
idea that we're taking money out of reserves to balance our budget this
year, that we don't have money to do a lot of the things that we really need
to do to improve the traffic and parking situations in Palo Alto. We had an
                                                                      Page 125 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
