                          TRANSCRIPT
5:30 p.m. The application deadline for Boards and Commissions is extended
if an eligible incumbent does not reapply. Utilities Advisory Commissioner
Steve Eglash and Jonathan Foster did not reapply. For more information,
you can contact the City Clerk's Office at 650-329-2571 or contact David
Carnahan in the Clerk's Office at david.carnahan@cityofpaloalto.org. I did
want to also announce another upcoming community meeting on four
proposed bicycle boulevards. A lot is happening on our Bike and Pedestrian
Plan this year. The final drafts of the concept plans for several bicycle
boulevard projects will be presented at a public meeting on Tuesday,
March 29th, from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. in the multipurpose room of the Ohlone
Elementary School at 950 Amarillo Avenue. The following bicycle boulevard
projects will be presented at the meeting: Amarillo Avenue to Moreno
Avenue; the Bryant Street update; the Louis Road/Montrose Avenue bike
boulevard project; and the Ross Road bicycle boulevard. Approval of the
concept plans is the first step in the design process for each project to move
forward. Bike boulevards are local streets prioritized for travel by bicycle.
They typically include special signage and marking and traffic calming
measures that discourage automobile traffic. Lastly, Cubberley Day hosted
its second annual Cubberley Community Center Day this past Saturday,
March 19th. It was a huge success. In the morning, about 60 volunteers
led by Canopy planted more than 41 plants, shrubs and trees and laid fresh
mulch in all planters around the campus. They even arranged for a visit
from Smokey Bear. At 11:00 a.m., the campus was filled with hundreds of
visitors enjoying art, music and kids activities, carnival games, face painting,
bouncy houses and dance performances and demonstrations by 12
Cubberley lessors and renters. That could come in handy. Additionally,
guests had an opportunity to visit an information desk hosted by 30
Cubberley groups to learn about their programs. New this year was an
opportunity to share memories of Cubberley of the past with photos and
yearbooks from the high school days—we did find Greg Betts' yearbook
picture at the event—and to share dreams for its future. The success of the
event was attributed to the hard work of our City Staff and Canopy and 20
Kiwanis Club volunteers along with 10 Key Club youth volunteers and the
Greenmeadow Community Association. Thanks to Rob de Geus and the
Community Services team and everybody else who helped out. Lon, thank
you. Lastly, I had one quick item. We got a very late question related to
the Consent Calendar. I'll just do it right now, since it's just before then. It
was related to Item Number 9, which is essentially a renewal for
maintenance and work performance on our emergency telecom gear. One
was a question of is this sort of ongoing operational support. The answer is
yes.    Secondly, recently back in early February, the Council actually
approved the purchase of a whole series of replacement radios and consoles
related to our 911 system. There was a question as to whether or not these
were different system. They are. This item is an annual contract mostly
                                                                         Page 30 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
