                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Yes, it includes Bryant Street.

Mayor Burt: Are there any additional barricades being considered?

Mr. Mello: In regard to Council Member DuBois' comment, there would be a
new traffic circle at Kingsley and Bryant and a couple of other neck-downs
and curb extensions. I think travel times for motorists may be reduced
enough where GPS units stop recommending Bryant Street.

Mayor Burt: But no barricades?

Mr. Mello: No barricades, no.

Council Member DuBois: Can I ask a follow-up?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, go right ahead. I think that covers my questions too.

Council Member DuBois: Josh, just to be clear. Roundabouts seem to speed
up the cars, because there's no stop sign. How would that make it less
attractive for cars?

Mr. Mello: There's currently no stop sign on Bryant at Kingsley, so this
would reduce the travel speeds through the intersection. That coupled with
the one at Addison would probably make it a less appealing than parallel
streets for motorists.

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure I want to—I know barricades are
pretty controversial. That stretch of Bryant, it just kind of struck me how
straight-through it is. I just wanted to—kind of final comments. You're
talking about averages and 85th percentile. Even today, we probably have
people going 15, 20, 25 miles an hour over the speed limit. We just can't
enforce it. I'm kind of struggling with this idea of enforceability. I think it's
important. I like what Council Member Filseth suggested about maybe we
pick five streets or a handful of streets and try it. Raise the speed limit,
follow through and enforce it, rather than a blanket statement for all these
streets. Not doing anything doesn't feel right either. People are going to
exceed the speed limit by a certain amount, but we're talking about
averages. We already have people going very fast on some of these streets.
I also wanted to say that I know there's been spot enforcement around the
schools. I think that's a great thing, and we should continue to do that. I
may be in the minority, but I just want to re-emphasize that I think we
should hesitate to add design enhancements that would actually slow down
Alma or East Bayshore, commuting routes where we don't have really
accident issues today.


                                                                           Page 46 of 64
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/21/16
