                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: You said 120,000 for four, for a family of four. What
I'm interested in is figuring out housing for public service workers, teachers,
that kind of thing. I'm really curious as to what would be one person for the
moderate income or two people.

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to look that up, Vice Mayor Scharff, and get back to
you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you could. I don't know if it'd be possible tonight. It
would be helpful.

Mayor Burt: We will now turn to members of the public. Our first speaker is
Herb Borock, to be followed by Rebecca Byne, if I'm reading this correctly.
Welcome. If people could move toward the front, that'll help make things
more expeditious.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Having Staff hand out a correction to
the last paragraph of the letter that you have at places—for those who don't
have it, I'll read it into the record. It's on the second side of my letter
received at 5:11 p.m. following the words "accommodated by." That refers
to the amount of housing that I calculated for the Research Park to meet our
RHNA needs at the advocated use of some people of 200 square foot living
units which would result in 586,384 square feet of residential area which, I
said, could be accommodated in the Research Park. The language that is
the new language is accommodated by reducing the Research Park
entitlement of floor area by 234,554 square feet of research space. The
reason I chose the Research Park is that that's an area that can be
controlled who lives considering who owns the property and who the
leaseholders are. In all these other areas that you've been talking about,
some of them could rent or buy a new unit near a train station and go to
their job in San Francisco or San Jose. It doesn't solve our problem.
Parking is a problem. If you want to do away with parking, then we already
know from Downtown that people are going to want to park in the
neighborhoods. There needs to be a mitigation of essentially telling people if
there's no parking for your unit, you're not going to have a place to park
anywhere. In regards to what other people think, Steve Levy was quoted in
the draft Business Plan for California High Speed Rail, "the Bay Area
economy is threatened by a shortage of housing and high housing costs that
make it difficult for many workers and their families to live in the region
where they work. This is both an economic competitiveness and family
challenge. High speed transportation connections between the Bay Area and
adjacent areas including Central Valley communities, can provide affordable
housing and fast car-free commuting while at the same time providing
support for vibrant Downtown areas in these communities." To which the

                                                                        Page 56 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
