                         TRANSCRIPT
pedestrians and bicycles together. We looked at options for a pedestrian-
only path. We also looked at those on-road collector streets that could
accommodate a Class IV or separated bikeway, something that would
simulate a trail on the street. Our evaluation criteria were looking at
minimum available widths. We looked at property ownership. We were
looking at safety standards along with utilities, both by the City's own
utilities and the Water District's since this is a Water District facility on
Matadero Creek. We looked at Palo Alto's Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan
standards along with Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA)
standards, the project funder for the grant. Then we looked at breaking up
the corridor—it's a 1 1/2 mile corridor from Alma to West Bayshore—into six
segments, A-F. This slide presents what culminates in months and many
Staff hours of research and analysis into our feasibility overview. I'm going
to walk through this very briefly, and then hopefully I'll have time for
questions. Segment A is from Alma to Waverley. This segment is a highly
constrained segment. Our analysis is that it would not work as an on-creek
corridor for bicycles or pedestrians due to maintenance ramps, houses that
are located right adjacent to the water. El Carmelo is a feasible on-street
alternative, and I'll get to that in just a moment. Segment B, Waverley to
Middlefield Road, has a constrained element for bicyclists; however, it is
perfectly feasible for pedestrians. There is an easement that limits access
for the shared-use path around the First Christian Church. The Keys School
is a K-8 school also located on that property that would have some issues
with allowing bicyclists through that property. Segment C is Middlefield
through Ross.       Again, a perfectly feasible alignment for pedestrians;
however, constraint exists for bicyclists. The shared-use path through the
Winter Lodge would result in a parking loss and a reconfiguration of that
parking lot. We're marking that as a constrained segment that would need
to be overcome through negotiation. Segment D, I can report happily that
this is perfectly feasible for both pedestrians and bicyclists. Segment E is
Louis to Greer. This section also has a physical constraint that would limit
bicyclists using the on-creek corridor. However, pedestrians can move
through this. It's a maintenance ramp issue. We're proposing an alignment
that I'll share with you in just a second through Seale Park. Finally,
Segment F is Greer to West Bayshore and onto the Baylands. This section is
a little unique from the other sections. This has a floodgate that would limit
access for a number of months a year, so seasonal access only, available
when the floodgates are not installed. What does this look like? For the
shared-use path option, we are proposing that the City evaluate El Carmelo
as that hybrid, on-street alternative for a shared-use path, examining the
sidewalk and creating a shared-use path along El Carmelo as an alternative.
Between Waverley and Cowper, you could create the shared-use path
condition; however, you still reach that constraint through Hoover Park and
the First Christian Church. The constraint would require a negotiation with
                                                                       Page 17 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
