                         TRANSCRIPT
we're putting something in front of City Council that takes a great amount of
consideration. We thank you.

Leigh F. Prince, Golden Gate Homes Legal Counsel: Good evening, Council
Members. My name is Leigh Prince. I am a land use attorney with
Jorgenson. Siegel, McClure and Flegel. I'm the one who wrote the letter that
you have in front of you this evening. I just wanted to clarify and answer a
couple of questions and then feel free to ask more if you have those. There
are two pieces. There is the financial piece. This site has a long history.
Years ago it was a project proposed of 75 units. That had a lot of difficulty
in the community. We went down to 30 units when Golden Gate Homes first
proposed, then down to 23. Those initial projects included providing onsite
BMR units, utilizing State Density Bonus. You guys have experience when
you're utilizing State Density Bonus, you're not going on menu. That's when
you take look at the pro formas. I will tell you that what's in there is based
on pro formas that Golden Gate Homes has done. It's just very simplified
for your convenience, for your understanding. That is there. Those are the
financial considerations, both just the dollars and cents associated with
purchasing the property and developing these 16 units, but also the
opportunity costs that's being lost in doing something that the community is
really looking for, just this 16-unit, R-1 concept. The community interests
that I was referencing is both what the community is looking for here, which
we have heard loud and clear is this R-1 concept at a much lower density,
where we're not exploring utilizing State Density Bonus Law, adding
additional units. It is also, as Ted touched on and Staff touched on, the
ability to take that in-lieu fee and put it towards more units somewhere else
in the community, thereby serving community interests to a greater degree.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we will turn to members of the public. We
have a final item tonight that is a time-sensitive item. We have an issue of
whether we're going to be able to complete this item or whether we need to
take testimony from the public and then continue the item. I think what
we'll do is go ahead and take testimony from the public tonight, and then
continue the item. It looks from our scheduling that we will have time on
either the 27th or 2nd of this month. We have an extra City Council meeting
that we jammed in, to try and make sure we could complete everything
before the summer break. We'll go ahead and hear from members of the
public. Other than the first speaker who will be representing five, we'll need
to limit it to two minutes each per speaker. We have received a lot of
emails. I assume that a lot of the speakers have similar comments to make
as there were in the emails. It's not necessary to repeat in full what a
previous speaker said, if you want to attribute your comments to a prior
speaker or speakers plural. Our first speaker is Maurice Green speaking on
                                                                       Page 84 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
