                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I would encourage folks that either we say we oppose it
outright or, if there are concerns, you translate them into what you'd want
to see in legislation, whether it'd be a preference for in the new development
for displaced residents or that a project must have a significant net gain in
housing supply versus jobs created or any of those things. Or just simply
oppose it altogether. I think in the interest of us being expeditious tonight,
let's try to translate it into specifics or clear opposition or whatever.

Council Member Holman: I'm happy with the language you used about job
creation and housing units. It's a little bit more difficult when it comes to
the no net loss language. I'll work on that while maybe some other Council
Members are speaking. Having to do with CEQA, there's a reason that—I
don't think it's practical. There's a reason that we do a Comprehensive Plan
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and then also subsequently do project
EIRs and environmental analysis.          Some of those include changing
conditions, site-specific impacts. I don't need to go into it. There's a reason
why we do that. The loss of that is not a helpful thing having to do with the
environment or necessarily with even housing production. I agree with
comments that have been made and that are actually in the letter, having to
do with the proposal—actually is less than what our current inclusionary
housing provides. Those, I think, are most of my comments. I would
concur with Council Member Wolbach that this is not the right process, to go
through the budget process and to rush this through without adequate
consideration. Whatever we send, I think we should include comments that
are positive, whether we oppose the legislation or say we approve it with
these modifications, which I think would be several, that we say we'd be
interested in working with the League of California Cities and the State
Legislature to come to a conclusion that actually does help address housing
concerns rather than something that could be again contradictory to the
outcome that's the stated intention, which is where I believe this is now.

Mayor Burt: Let me raise a process question. Mr. Borock raised this issue.
We brought this forward in the Agenda. Council Member DuBois had raised
the issue earlier today that this was a time-sensitive item and, because we
have significant other items, to move it forward in the Agenda. There is the
concern if members of the public were anticipating it being at the end of our
meeting to make sure that they have an opportunity to be heard. On top of
that, I have one additional speaker card. For that very reason, I'm inclined
to reopen public comments to allow the additional speaker. We could have
discussion now, and then put this item off on action until after Item Number
17 to make sure that any member of the public who had planned on
speaking to it has that opportunity to do so before we take a vote on it. I
don't know what is the druthers of colleagues on that. It's okay? If there
aren't objections, I think I want to, out of intention to make sure the public
                                                                           Page 41 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
