                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: Let's take a five minute break.

Council took a break from 8:05 P.M. to 8:16 P.M.

6.    Joint Session With the Citizens Advisory Committee for the
      Comprehensive Plan Update: Introduction to the Comprehensive Plan
      Update Draft Environmental Impact Report & Review of Next Steps in
      the Planning Process.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we'll be starting Item Number 6 which is a joint
session with the Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) for the Comprehensive
Plan (Comp. Plan) Update.           It will entail an introduction to the
Comprehensive Plan Update Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) and a
review of the next steps in the planning process. I think our first step is our
Planning Director Gitelman will kick this off.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank you
so much, Mayor Burt, Council Members and Citizens Advisory Committee
Members. Happy new year. I wanted to start off by introducing Jeremy
Dennis, who as many of you know joined the City in the course of the last
year and jumped in with both feet. Both he and the Citizens Advisory
Committee have gotten up to speed incredibly fast. They've had a very
productive six months or so, and we're looking forward to a very productive
2016. We hope that Jeremy's presentation will kick off a good discussion
this evening. We're really hoping first and foremost that we have an
opportunity to look each other in the eye and make sure that we have a
process for this year that is going to be productive and get the Council what
the Council needs in terms of information to make wise decisions and
provide sufficient direction to the Citizens Advisory Committee to really have
a great and thorough review process this year. Jeremy.

Jeremy Dennis, Planning Manager:          Thank you very much for the
introduction, Hillary. Mayor Burt, congratulations on your election to Mayor.
Happy new year everybody. There's so many more of you up there now.
It's impressive.

Mayor Burt: We thought we were going to reduce the Council.

Mr. Dennis: Something has changed. I am certainly excited to be here
tonight on behalf of the long-range planning team and the CAC to introduce
you to the Draft EIR booklet that's in front of you and the concepts within
the Draft EIR. Let's take you through our presentation. Most of you are
familiar with what the Comp. Plan is. For us, this is really exciting. This is a
                                                                             Page 41 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
