                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth? Please vote on the Board. That
passes on an 8-0 vote with Council Member DuBois absent. Thank you all
for all the work that went into this. We look forward to the Ballot.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Mayor Burt: At this time, we can go ahead and take a five minute break and
reconvene.

Council took a break from 8:19 P.M. to 8:26 P.M.

10.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9637 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Adopting the Professorville Historic District
      Design Guidelines. The Project is Exempt From the Provisions of CEQA
      per Class 8 Categorical Exemption (Actions Taken by Regulatory
      Agencies to Protect the Environment) (Continued From September 12,
      2016).”

Mayor Burt:      Our next item is adoption of a resolution adopting the
Professorville Historic District Design Guidelines. The project is exempt from
provisions of California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) per a Class 8
categorical exemption, which is actions taken by regulatory agencies to
protect the environment. This item is continued from September 12, 2016.
Director Gitelman, would you like to kick it off?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: I would.
Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director, again. I'm joined by Amy French on our Staff and Jonathan Rusch
from Page & Turnbull, our consultants and the principal author of the
Guidelines. As the Mayor indicated, this has been continued from the City
Council discussion on September 12th. We're asking for your adoption
tonight of the Guidelines via adoption of a resolution that's provided in your
packet. It references some changes in Attachment B that we can talk about
in more depth as we move forward. The resolution also references the CEQA
exemption that the Mayor referred to. Attachment B is an outgrowth of the
City Council's discussion on September 12th. If you remember, there was a
discussion about a matrix that we had provided at places on that day, and
the matrix was a little bit of a jumble of both substantive changes and
clarifications and corrections. The Council directed us to pare that down, so
it just consisted of clarifications and corrections. We did submit the draft
Guidelines to the State Office of Historic Preservation, hoping to get
reimbursement for the funds that we've expended in preparing the draft. Of
course, we will submit any changes you adopt this evening and a status
report to the Office of Historic Preservation after tonight's meeting. The
changes in Attachment B are summarized in the Staff Report. Again, they
                                                                       Page 54 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
