                          TRANSCRIPT
making a left turn is very easy. You're very comfortable in these type of
intersections.    This provides great connectivity between the Stanford
Perimeter Trail, the existing bike lanes on Galvez and what we're proposing
as raised, one-way cycle tracks along Embarcadero Road. There would be
separate space for pedestrians and cyclists. Both the cycle track and the
sidewalk would be elevated above the road. This is what's called a Class IV
separated bikeway. In this concept, there would be one-way bikeways on
each side of the street. If you were heading west into Stanford, you would
be on the north side of the street. The southeast corner, where there's
currently a channelized right turn-lane and pork chop island, you can see on
this concept plan we would be elevating the crosswalk and the bikeway
across that free-flow right turn-lane and installing what's called a raised
crosswalk.     That would encourage drivers that are turning right from
northbound El Camino onto eastbound Embarcadero to slow down and yield
to both bicyclists and pedestrians. It would maintain that radius that's
required for large trucks and other large vehicles to make that turn. Getting
closer to the underpass, we would maintain the separate raised cycle track
and sidewalk condition. This concept would install amenities for the shuttle
on both sides of the street, shelters, signage, information about arrival
times, things of that nature, trash cans, benches. One important element of
this concept is that we would square up the Trader Joe's driveway a little bit.
That would further encourage motorists exiting the Trader Joe's driveway to
yield or stop, ideally stop, before entering the traffic on Embarcadero. Once
the cycle track and the sidewalk enter the existing underpass, there would
be no changes to the existing underpass.             However, we would add
medallions and some minor striping to better delineate where bicyclists
should be and where pedestrians should be on both sides of the tunnel. It's
essentially a wide sidewalk through the tunnel, but we would try to better
delineate where they should each be as they pass through. When you get to
the other side of the underpass, we would pick up the separate cycle track
facility again. Going eastbound, we can get people all the way to Emerson
Street. Ideally, we'd like to continue another block along the south side of
Embarcadero and get people to Bryant Street, which is our designated bike
boulevard, so they could head north and south. The movement going
westbound is easier because folks can use Kingsley Avenue to get to the
one-way cycle track that brings them to Stanford in the westbound direction.
One thing that we're recommending in both concepts is to create more of a
90-degree intersection with Kingsley on the south side of Embarcadero.
There's a lot of asphalt out there today. It's kind of an acute angle with a lot
of paved area that could be repurposed for vegetation and trees. On the
north side, one of the biggest issues we noticed out there—we're actually
addressing it with a temporary spot safety project right now—is if you're
driving westbound on Embarcadero and you're exiting to go to Alma Street
just before High Street, you can make that at a very high speed.
                                                                         Page 60 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
