                          TRANSCRIPT
roads become one-lane streets. This raises significant safety concerns in
general. In addition, the Park Boulevard/Stanford Avenue bike boulevard
runs through the center of Southgate, and there are large numbers of
cyclists, including many Paly students, that traverse the neighborhood. I'd
invite you to stop by any time between 8:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. on
weekdays to experience the challenges. The congestion creates hazards for
cyclists, pedestrians as well as impeding access for emergency vehicles. I
recently spoke with a Palo Alto fire captain who told me the story of an
emergency call he was on in Southgate. They were unable to get to the
house in the neighborhood due to the number of parked cars. They actually
had to literally run down the street to get to the victim. In addition, parked
cars are commonly blocking other service vehicles such as street sweepers,
garbage trucks and delivery trucks. We approached the City about these
issues over a year ago and have been working closely with Transportation
Staff to take the proper steps to seek relief via the City's Residential Parking
Permit (RPP) process. We have reached out to our neighbors, held a
neighborhood meeting attended by Transportation Staff and found
consensus to submit an application to enter the RPP process with 95 percent
supportive responding neighbors. Over a month ago, we did submit the
application to the City. We look forward to working closely with Staff and
with you via the RPP process to address the parking and safety issues we
currently experience. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

2.    Approval of Action Minutes for the March 14, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of Minutes. We have Minutes from
March 14th, 2016. Is there a Motion to approve?

Council Member Wolbach: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Action Minutes for the March 14, 2016 Council
Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Wolbach, second by Council Member
Berman. I see no discussion. Please vote on the board. That passes on a
7-0 vote with Council Members Holman and Vice Mayor Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Holman, Scharff absent
                                                                            Page 5 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
