                          TRANSCRIPT
discussion and that we're thinking about how to make these changes in a
way that is really fair, judicious, and predictable so that people aren't really
caught off guard. Regarding the schools, I'm not so excited about that.
Council Member DuBois, you and I are on the City/School Liaison
Committee. I don't want to poison that relationship. I wonder if that's
really necessary. I'm surprised that they're buying 60—was it 60 parking
passes for one elementary school? That's a lot. I don't know how many
classrooms they have there, but that is a lot of parking permits for one
school.

Council Member Kniss: Could we interrupt to know what a low-income
worker is? What is a low-income worker?

Ms. Sullivan: A low-income worker is classified two ways. Either it's
someone who makes $50,000 annually or less or someone at an hourly
wage who makes two times the minimum wage, which is $9 an hour. Right
now, if you make $17 an hour, you're minimum wage or low income. Is it
higher than that?

Council Member Wolbach: Our minimum wage is 11.

Ms. Sullivan: It's 11 now. Anyway, it's two times whatever it is now.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe a number of the teachers as those we might
think of as aides or janitors. Pardon?

Council Member Wolbach: The thing is we're talking about giving a discount
to—are we giving it to the School District or to the employees? I guess what
I'm reading here is different from what I heard you saying. I'm realizing
there's a disconnect.

Council Member DuBois:      What they said was the School District bought
permits for everyone.

Council Member Wolbach: Are we offering a discount for the employer or for
the employees? What this says is for employees, not to the employer. I feel
differently about—if it's a relationship between the City and somebody who
is going into work at the school, whether they're a janitor or somebody
working in the cafeteria or a teacher, I feel differently about that than I do
about Palo Alto Unified. I'd like some clarity from the guys who are talking
about this. What do you guys (crosstalk).

Ms. Stump: The answer to that question lies between the School District
and its employees. The District as an employer could provide parking for its
employees or could decline to do that. I'm sure they have labor procedural
                                                                          Page 58 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
