                          TRANSCRIPT
that would actually achieve the outcomes we're talking about. It would have
to be under a new fee structure for the TMA that would be designed to
achieve the outcomes of the RPP program and the 30 percent reduction in
Single Occupancy Vehicles (SOVs). I would just say under D.iv "under a
revised fee structure."

Council Member DuBois:       (inaudible) separate item for the TMA to come
back with.

Mayor Burt: Within this Motion, just to     put that clause in is the right way to
throw it in. It's not being prescriptive    as to what that fee structure would
be. We just want to say they've got         to be part of a TMA, it's got to be
meaningful. It won't be meaningful          unless we revise the fee structure
without trying to prescribe what that is.    That's kind of an open-ended ...

Mr. Keene: The TMA does have the delegated authority to set what the fee
structure is.

Mayor Burt: We're going to have to contend with how that would occur. We
haven't given guidance to the TMA to say we want a fee structure that would
result in the outcomes we're seeking. Frankly, we didn't think we had a
mechanism to have the businesses pay to achieve the results we want. We
were going hat in hand saying, "We'll take any contributions you can make."
They were pennies on the dollar.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I just add a comment to this in the follow-up
sense?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Mr. Keene: The intention of iv, assuming that it is legal as the motion says,
is to motivate participation in TDM and in the TMA when the reality of what it
takes to be able to get parking permits comes about.

Mayor Burt:     I would actually say two things.        It's to motivate the
participation. That participation would solve the problem.

Mr. Keene: In many ways, right now a lot of that conversation is going to
take place outside the TMA, because these are not active participants, a lot
of the people we're going to be trying to reach. When they suddenly are
aware that they can't get the permits, there's going to be this whole
discussion that's ultimately going to have "wait, how do I talk to the TMA?"
I do think that the intent of this will be for this to naturally drive businesses
towards the TMA. Naturally, the TMA would say, "There's a revised fee
structure that's going to have to be part of this."
                                                                         Page 113 of 121
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/06/16
