                          TRANSCRIPT
Will low-income workers commuting from Antioch really have an electric
vehicle 10 years from now, and making that connection to the lever in here
that has to do with housing and low-impact housing. That's certainly an
issue where there's a lot of questions in the community. If you look at what
Mountain View is doing considering housing near Google, and Menlo Park is
doing considering housing near Facebook, that seems like an issue and a
topic for one of the drill-downs to explore what the community may wish to
do with that lever with housing as a piece of the overall transportation
puzzle and solution set. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by
Stuart Bernstein.

Rita Vrhel: I also attended the sustainability conference yesterday, and I
thought it was excellent. I did notice, however, when the tables were
speaking, or the representatives of the tables, that water didn't come up
very often. It seemed like energy and transportation were over-represented
and water was not. I wasn't going to speak tonight but, Mayor Burt, I found
your comments on water to be very stirring, so I had to come forward.
Dewatering in a time with extended drought is not sustainable. Our water is
our water. It's a community resource. We need to treat it and protect it
with great care. Next week on 2/1 at 7:45, the City Council will be looking
at Staff recommendations on changes to the dewatering process. Staff has
done an excellent job of addressing this issue for the first time, I believe,
and making recommendations.              However, many of the three-tier
recommendations that the City Council asked the Staff to incorporate into
their recommendations when they were brought back to the City Council
were not included. I would ask that the City Council at least measure the
water that is pumped or dewatered from each residential site; that you
charge for this water so that it is no longer free, because it is not used; that
you test the water to see if it is "potable" or "almost potable" and could be
used for other purposes; that rather than having a water truck one day a
week, and we don't know whether this is one trip once a week or 27 trips
once a week, that you encourage and demand recycling and reuse of as
much water as possible; and that you demand best practice of construction
so that you limit the amount of extracted groundwater by limiting the time
of extraction. I feel very strongly about this and have done my personal
best to limit my water use. I would like most other people in the City of Palo
Alto to also do the same. Again, dewatering is not sustainable. We will
probably this year see a large increase in the number of dewatering permits
requested, because of different real estate agents and companies' focus on
Old Palo Alto as a site where dewatering can occur, and also the community
center as a site where dewatering is occurring to excess. Thank you very
much.
                                                                         Page 64 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
