                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We have done significant work on both of these efforts.
Parking guidance systems, I think, you saw quite recently and helped us
choose which option we would prefer. That is basically ready to go once we
have an idea of a funding stream. Access and revenue controls will need a
little more work, and it will be informed by what we decide in terms of policy
changes around paid parking.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to put 35 then, parking access controls, in the
parking lot, and the parking guidance systems to have a little further
discussion about it.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) the parking in the parking lot.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, the parking in the parking lot.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's 35, and I think it was 40. Yeah, 40.

Council Member Kniss: Can I talk to that?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think I need to recall what happened with—this is
Number 51, which was the Geng Road circulation, Embarcadero Road
parking study. I think we voted on that I don't know how long ago. A very
long time ago.

Vice Mayor Scharff: 2013.

Council Member Kniss: This also includes a parking study. As I recall, this
went through the Council and then was put out by the—and then was
eliminated by, I think, Staff.

Mayor Burt: I think it went to Council with a Staff recommendation of not
proceeding based upon the traffic impact ...

Council Member Kniss: Yes, I think that's correct.

Mayor Burt: ... at the—I don't know why it's still here.

Council Member Kniss: That's my question.

Ms. Gitelman: if I can clarify. I think we're talking about two things, kind of
apples and televisions. We had a satellite parking idea for Embarcadero
Road that we spent some time on. We brought that idea back to Council

                                                                        Page 74 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
