                         TRANSCRIPT
together that can immediately show that we can have an impact.           Moving
forward, I think our plans will be more future based.

Ms. Silvani: I would add that we will be discussing at our upcoming meeting
planning some quality time to start to come up with a strategic plan that will
look at programs, funding, where that funding comes from and what will be
required to sustain us. There's so many details around just forming a
business and launching the business. That's been our focus for the last
couple of months. Now that we are official and we are an actual entity, we
can move onto the next step which is to really come up with a solid 2 or 3-
year plan. In a few months, we'll have a much better answer for you.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I don't want to downplay all the effort you
guys have made so far. I really appreciate that.

Mr. George: Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: For most nonprofits that would come and ask for
money, though, we would expect to see a plan. I'm sorry; go ahead.

Mr. George: The one comment we're going to make is the Board aligns at
this point that we don't want our Executive Director to be the fundraiser in
chief here. We would really like that Executive Director to represent and be
a spokesman for all of our initiatives and not necessarily going door to door.
It's something that's in our minds in terms of the future of the TMA.

Council Member DuBois: You guys didn't really answer the carrots or sticks
question which would get to not needing to go fundraise all the time. Do
you have any comment on that?

Ms. Silvani: Again, I think it's premature right now because the Board needs
to address that as a whole.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Ms. Silvani: We want to do a thorough job.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:       Just a little bit of clarity here, if I could,
procedurally. What you're looking for right now is questions, then we'll go to
the public?

Mayor Burt: No. This is a Study Session. Our practices and policies are
that Council does discussion and typically at the end of a Study Session we
hear from members of the public. It's both questions and comments.
                                                                        Page 44 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
