                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have—sorry.   On this item?     We have a speaker, Winter Dellenbach.
Welcome.

Winter Dellenbach:      I just wanted to express my appreciation to Jen
Hetterly. I had reason several times over this past year to talk to her and
email her about questions about the Master Plan for the parks and was
impressed by her ability to very concisely and cogently answer my
questions. She knew everything I wanted to know almost before I asked. I
really appreciated the kind of knowledge and conciseness that she had for
the subject matter at hand. It just made everything easier, and it saved me
a whole lot of time. We just got down to it. I so appreciate that kind of
quality and the kind of people that you appoint to our Commissions. I want
to thank whatever Council originally appointed her. I want to thank her so
much for being the smart and competent and informed person that she was
in her service on this Commission. Thank you very much, Jen. We will miss
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions, of which we have one. Item Number 19, which is the Finance
Committee recommendation regarding a Carbon Neutral Gas Plan, has been
requested by Staff to be continued to December 5th. I wanted to just briefly
take an opportunity to help clarify something that was discussed at the
Finance Committee, which is an understanding of the purview of the Finance
Committee in reviewing an item that has both financial and policy
implications. I would say that there were questions raised. To clarify for the
whole Council, especially to make sure everybody's solid on this going
forward, when we assign an item to either of our primary Standing
Committees, the Finance or Policy and Services, unless the Council does on
a rare occasion assign it for review by both Committees, it is the
responsibility of that Committee to look at all relevant issues to it. The fact
that Utilities items are routinely assigned to Finance Committee, because by
tradition and they have a strong financial component, in no way diminishes
the responsibility of the Commission to look at all policy-related matters. I
want to make sure that's clear for any Standing Committees, because it's
very important for them to understand that. Now, it's also perfectly fine for
them to separate a recommendation and say, "We want to make a
recommendation on some subset of this and no recommendation to the

                                                                          Page 4 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
