                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Policy issues are not questions of Staff then.        They're for
Council. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm also the liaison to Avenidas and have served on
their Board. Just full disclosure. I know there have been some hiccups
along the way with Avenidas' plans. I guess the question would be—you
have down 2018. That's roughly when you think they would come in, Rob?

Mr. de Geus: That's when they would hope to come in, in the beginning of
Fiscal Year '18, in the fall. They still are working through the process of
getting their plans approved. As you know, that can be a bumpy process.
They're working hard on that. They're still hopeful that they can be able to
begin in that timeframe. I should also mention related to Avenidas, in the
time that they don't occupy that 10,000 square feet, Staff will do our very
best to rent out that space on an hourly basis to continue to generate
additional revenue.

Council Member Kniss: That answers it. That was my next question. I'm
sorry they've had these bumps along the way. I think it's important that
we're keeping it filled. Making it a question, I guess, Rob, it will be filled
with something else during that period of time.

Mr. de Geus: We hope so. We don't have anything locked in yet. The
space that they hope to have is the second story of the I building. If you're
familiar with that building, it's a big open space. It's not a typical room
rental. The space is not as easy to rent on an hourly basis. Space is at a
premium. We're confident we'll get some folks in there.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a question on the Cubberley Master Plan. We
are two years into a five year lease, which means it's well under way. We've
got a decision to make in three years. You've done a great job of filling in.
You note that tomorrow night PAUSD is going to discuss their enrollment
report. That report has been stating that pupil growth will be on the order of
0.1 percent per year over the next decade.           Every single population
demographic report that the City uses says population growth is going to be
1.1 percent per year over the next 15 years. That's such a gap between
these two bodies that are working on a long-term Master Plan. What plans
does the City have to sit down and have a serious discussion with the School
District about demographic forecasts and what it implies for the Cubberley
Master Plan?

                                                                       Page 14 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
