              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                            February 29, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:    Berman arrived at 7:12 P.M., Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman,
            Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.    Finance Committee Recommends the City Council Review the
      Assessment Results of the Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERP)
      Needs; Review Recommendation to Plan for the Acquisition of a new
      Integrated    Government-Oriented        ERP System  and   Separate
      Provisioning of Utilities Billing Systems.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, your light is on. Was that deliberate?
Our first item is a Study Session. The Finance Committee has recommended
that the City Council review the assessment results of the Enterprise
Resource Planning System, or ERP, needs and to review recommendation to
the plan for the acquisition of a new integrated government-oriented ERP
system and separate provisioning of utilities billing systems. Mr. Reichental,
welcome.

Jonathan Reichental, Information Technology Department Director: Thank
you very much. Great intro. I'm Jonathan Reichental, the City's Chief
Information Officer. Thank you, Mayor Burt and Vice Mayor Scharff and
Council Members. As you know for I always say, it's a great honor to have
this opportunity in my life to be able to do the type of work, so thank you for
that. Tonight, I’m happy to present to you some details on work that's been
ongoing for a couple of years now to help us make a series of decisions
around the future of some of our core software technology here at the City.
What I plan to do is to discuss just briefly what ERP is of the City, talk about
what we've done to determine how we got to today, what the next steps
might look like, and include some timeline. Before I start, I just want to
recognize a couple of people in the audience. I wanted to recognize Sudhir,
who's our Head of IT Enterprise Systems. He's going to stand up and shake



                                                                        Page 1 of 66
