                          TRANSCRIPT
as to how to proceed. Obviously that will then come to the full Council. I
think that's a really measured and appropriate response on this.

Mayor Burt: Will you work with the Clerk to make sure the Motion fully
captures what you intended? Council Member Kniss, you were the seconder.
Did you want to speak to it?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, as we always say briefly. I think the Vice
Mayor caught the essence of this. I'm not going to go into it any further.
I'd really like to congratulate the public, in particular I know Mr. Bennett is
here. I don't ever want to pronounce your name wrong, but ...

Male: Rita Vrhel.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. I think bringing this to our attention and
validating that it was a community perception, which I think is being proven
out, that this was truly troubling our entire community. I think that we've
heard from people from all over the community, even though I know this
tends to happen more in the parts of Palo Alto that are more in the
groundwater area. I was also glad that somebody pointed out that not
everyone will be required to have to go through all the hoops that have been
described tonight. I think that's important to know. This says we have a
number of groundwater depths which, Phil, you didn't address tonight. We
go from 0 all the way to 30, to 40, I think somewhere in that range. There's
a dividing point in there. I would say especially to the group that's worked
so hard on this, that has worked to get our attention, this is a great example
of the public process. You've certainly gotten the attention of us and, I
think, of the entire community. Thank you for doing that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Also, thank you to Staff and the Save Our Water
group. I was on the Planning Commission when this came forward before. I
would concur with the comments made by the public and the Staff actually
about why this didn't have the impact then that it does now. Some of it is
the optics that we currently see because of the drought, but also part of it is
because we do have more dewatering projects. Basements are bigger.
We've had the same complaints for a long time though, going back at least
that far for the impacts of dewatering on adjacent projects. It just didn't
gain the traction then that it has attracted now. There were people back
then complaining about trees dead and dying on property or on adjacent
properties. There were people complaining then about cracking walls and
not being able to open doors. It were the same kinds of comments and
complaints that we get now. I guess when I look—again, being on the
Commission when this came forward before, I did not find the EIP report
                                                                        Page 55 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
