                          TRANSCRIPT
We can be kind of a compiler of data. Another question that somebody
brought up to me, actually a former Colleague, yesterday was what can we
start doing now that doesn't need the completion of the SCAP to get started
on. That's something that I'd ask you guys. As we go through this process,
if there are really pretty no-brainer initiatives, get those to us sooner so that
we don't even waste a year or nine months for the end of that. Assuming
it's not set in stone and that we're going to be having more conversations
about this, I'm very interested in a 80 by '30 goal. I'm interested in a more
ambitious goal than that. I do think that is attainable. I don't know if you're
looking for all of us to put out a vote tonight or just kind of say what we're
interested in. I mentioned this six months ago or so and I'll say it again,
find the most ambitious goal, and then try to do it 10 percent faster. We
should be ambitious, but we should be realistic. I'm for as ambitious as
possible.

Mr. Friend: The most ambitious that we're aware of now in addition to Fort
Collins' 80 by '30 is Melbourne, Adelaide and the University of California
System are saying carbon neutral by 2025. That's probably your benchmark
of the most ambitious.

Council Member Berman: Ambitious and attainable? I guess time will tell.

Mr. Friend: They think so. We'll see what it works out to. Maybe you have
two choices to consider. One is 80 percent reduction by 2030. The other is
carbon neutral as soon as possible.

Mr. Keene: May I just interject again? I mean, again, we're not going to
adopt a plan with a 2030 horizon and that's the end of the conversation. We
can easily modify the plan next year, two years, five years from now in
either direction potentially depending upon how effective we're going.

Mr. Friend: In fact as we said before, our recommendation would be to plan
a five year cycle of updates, perhaps more frequent than that if you choose.
Things will change.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: When we talk about sustainability, something I
haven't heard a lot of discussion about tonight or yesterday—by the way,
great job yesterday to all the Staff involved, the community members who
came and participate. Just a wonderful, very educational, informative and
useful day in moving this conversation forward. Something I've not heard a
lot talked about is the concept of the three "E’s" of sustainability being
environment, economy, and equity. The importance of recognizing how
essential each of these components is and how they are not in conflict, but
                                                                         Page 83 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
