                          TRANSCRIPT
this when it comes to the applicant. Thank you, Cory, for putting that in
such a way that I can vote for it tonight, and that we have another bite at
this apple so that we can really digest it and move on for the next round.
This is our second round. There will probably be at least a third.

Mayor Burt: I'm seeing a bunch of lights pop up here. Let's be real quick.
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I was just going to emphasize that again one of
the intents of this whole endeavor was to keep this as concise and clear as
possible. Just I think it's already clear, but just wanted to emphasize that
my encouragement to Staff and to the ARB to—if there are any wording
changes that can remove any redundancies, if they're found, that would be
useful.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Even though it looks like a lot of red here, I would
point out that we used to have 16 findings; we got down to six. I think it's
movement in the right direction. I actually like—six or ten. Still, even these
had subs before. I think we actually took a strong step in the right direction.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: It has to do with the last and, I think, positive edit
that was provided here in Number 2, "natural features that contributed
positively to the site." Then the language gets to be murky. Rather than try
to come up with language there, can we just for the purposes of this going
forward to the ARB say that "preserves, respects and integrates" and then
put a bullet "existing natural features," blah, blah, blah, and bullet "the
historic character including historic resources." Leave it to the ARB and Staff
to come up with appropriate language, because right now it reads really
funky. Can we do that, David?

Mayor Burt: That's just a restructuring; it's not a restatement.

Council Member Holman: For clarity, yes.

Mayor Burt: We'll just let everybody look at that change before we ...

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance which is a continuation of the annual Planning
      Codes update discussed in December 2015 and contains amendments
      to the Architectural Review approval findings contained in Chapter
                                                                          Page 39 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
