                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: My understanding would be that there would be—one, I think
the biggest amount of work would be in our assistance in helping identify the
pilot blocks in the City and be open to any sort of thoughts that you all
might have about that. You start thinking of starting out with ten blocks, for
example, I would imagine we'd want to be concerned with both the question
of block captains and some geographic diversity at a minimum. I think the
actual agreement actually says that City Manager and Staff would be helpful
in sort of speaking about this and supporting it. I don't think that that would
be part of my regular day job.

Council Member DuBois: Ms. Slater's going to speak, but I didn't realize we
were going to recruit the block leaders. I thought for the pilot they would
recruit.

Mr. Keene: I didn't mean to misspeak by saying that the City would actually
recruit the block leaders. I think we were going to provide commentary and
recommendations and feedback on the factors that ought to be considered.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to follow up on Tom's question. I also have
concerns about how much time this could suck up. I'd like to see in the
motion a limit on the number of hours that the City will spend on this pilot
program. Before making one, I'd like to know how many hours you think we
should put in that.

Mr. Keene: Would we be able to do this on every item that we have?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It might be a good policy. We can pilot it. How's that?

Mr. Keene: We could pilot this.     The lessons we learn we could apply to
other items.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm sort of serious. What do you think it would take?
Are we talking 20 hours? Do you think you could live with no more than 40
hours?

Mr. Keene: Let me put it this way. I really don't want to have to track our
time on something like this. I'd be amazed if we'd spend more than 40
hours on this, really.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I remember this vaguely, when it came in 2012. There
was a pamphlet or a book that went with it that had a bunch of stuff in it.
Do you have that pamphlet or book? Does that still exist?


                                                                         Page 40 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
