                    ACTION MINUTES
     (Hazardous Materials Management Plan) and 17.16.025 (Supplemental
     Requirements for Emergency Response Plans) and f. Chapter 17.20
     (Hazardous Materials Inventory) Section 17.20.020 (Information
     required). Environmental Assessment: As a Regulatory Action That
     Would Modify the List of Permitted Uses in Industrial Zones to Protect
     the Health and Life Safety of Palo Alto Residents, the Proposed
     Ordinances are Categorically Exempt From Review Under Section
     15308 (Class 8, Actions for Protection of the Environment) of the State
     Guidelines for the California Environmental Quality Act.

Public Hearing opened at 7:38 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 7:45 P.M.

MOTION:     Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

A.   Adopt the hazardous materials Ordinance included in the Staff Report
     as Attachment A; and

B.   Adopt the amortization Ordinance included in the Staff Report as
     Attachment C, including the added text referencing a possible
     agreement between the City and Communications & Power Industries
     LLC (CPI).

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.   Agreement With Empowerment Institute on Cool Block Small Pilot
     Program (Continued From February 1, 2016).

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to authorize the City Manager or his designee to sign the Cool Block Pilot
Memorandum of Understanding between the City of Palo Alto and
Empowerment Institute with the deletion of “City of Palo Alto Deliverables”
Number 2- “Participate with the Office of Sustainability and other City Staff
to integrate the Cool Block Program into the S/CAP strategy and encourage
the participation of the S/CAP Advisory Board.”

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



                                                                          Page 3 of 4
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 2/29/16
