                         TRANSCRIPT
that right, because now that's the primary tool or the other entitlement
conditions are the primary tools rather than CEQA by which we can assure
projects mitigate their impacts. That's a change, so we have to figure out
how to do that. Josh, have you been thinking about this? Does it change
how clear we must be within the Comp Plan on some of these as opposed to
guiding principles that they need to become more concrete?

Mr. Mello: I think because we're still in the midst of the changes that are
being driven by SB 743, our Notice of Preparation or the EIR for our Comp
Plan was filed before these changes took effect. Hillary can jump in, but I
don't think the EIR for the Comp Plan looks at VMT outside of the sections
that Ron mentioned around greenhouse gas emissions, energy and air
pollutants. We're certainly here tonight to hear any feedback you may have
as to how that integrates with the Comp Plan and the Transportation
Element of the Comp Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: Just briefly. Hillary Gitelman again. In the Comp Plan EIR,
we did look at a wide variety of metrics because we knew this change was
heading towards us. In the transportation section, if you look at that, we
looked at intersections, level of service on links, vehicle miles traveled and
other metrics that might help communicate our existing transportation
environment and then what we think the environment will be like in 2030,
which is our horizon year. On the question you posed about the importance
and relevance of making our General Plan or our Comprehensive Plan clear
when it comes to these issues, the Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) is
recommending, as you'll see later this evening, that we memorialize our
desire to maintain a focus on congestion and level of service in the planning
realm, even if it's not there in the CEQA realm. The CAC is recommending
it. In the Transportation Element, we articulate that desire to do both
things, vehicle miles traveled and level of service going forward.

Mayor Burt: I was mostly referring to how the Comp Plan will now provide
conditions of approval for projects and that the impact of that will be more
important in the absence of CEQA looking at level of service. Is that
generally the direction we're headed if we're wanting to do that? We've got
to be more explicit that way?

Mr. Mello: The CAC, as Hillary said, has been clear that they want to
maintain the performance measures that we have related to congestion,
even in spite of the changes that are occurring to CEQA.

Mayor Burt: Let me give one more stab at what I'm trying to convey. I
hear that the CAC is recommending that we retain those, and that seems
like an appropriate thing. In addition to retaining them, their importance in

                                                                       Page 27 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
