                          TRANSCRIPT
             with options to allow additional streets to petition to be added as
             resident only parking in Zones 9 and 10.

Mayor Burt: Now let's vote on the main Motion. That passes unanimously
with Vice Mayor Scharff absent. That concludes this item, I think. Thank
you all for coming and participating.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Before we go into a Closed Session, just because the rest of
you thought we were going home, we have Council Member Questions,
Comments and Announcements. Council Member Berman, were you up for
that?

Council Member Berman: Yeah, just a quick thing. Yesterday morning, I
think—it seems like a long time ago—I went out with the Rotary Clubs of
Palo Alto and University, the two different names, to put flags up and down
University Avenue for Labor Day. They do this four times a day. At 8:00
A.M. on a holiday Monday, they're putting flags up. If you ever see all these
flags on the 4th of July or Labor Day or Veterans Day or one other holiday
I'm forgetting, it's the Rotary Clubs of Palo Alto and the University Rotary
Club that do that. I just want to give them a thank you. Actually, Jim, I
need to talk with you afterwards about the storage space where they store
those flags. They have complaints.

James Keene, City Manager: I wondered who was doing that. It's good to
know. Thank you.

Closed Session

6.      CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY—POTENTIAL LITIGATION
        Significant Exposure to Litigation Under Section 54956.9(d)(2) (One
        Potential Case, as Defendant) – Phase 2, Downtown Residential
        Preferential Parking District.

Mayor Burt: We now have an agendized Closed Session item, a conference
with the City Attorney regarding potential litigation and a significant
exposure risk under Section 54956.9(d)(2) and one potential case regarding
a Phase 2 Downtown Residential Preferential Parking Permit District. We
would need a motion to go into Closed Session.
                                                                       Page 120 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
