                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I think there are some options available to the
Council. I think that the comments that the applicant has received has been
a little bit more favorable than they received from Staff in the first place
about our receptiveness to encroachments into the special setback. I think
what the applicant is hearing is that there is an opportunity, at least to
explore the possibility of encroachment into the special setback, but it
sounds like availability of that would be contingent upon how the rest of the
project is designed, height and mass and the density and so forth. One
option is applicant receive this information, modifies the plans and goes
through the process, whether it's the variance or legislative, and through the
ARB process. I believe that the Council, if so interested, could continue the
discussion and ask that the applicant come back with a proposal that is
consistent with some of the comments that have been received. You could
allow it to go forward through the review process, I would say. It's up to
you on how you want to proceed.

Mayor Burt: I spoke last and so I don't really have a sense of whether my
Colleagues concur with a couple of the things that I brought up. Probably
top of the list is how important would it be for this project to have no net
automobile trip impacts if we were to consider the setback which basically
enables the hotel overlay to be utilized. Is that not important or vitally
important? To me, if we're going to ask them to come back, that's one of
the elements that I think is substantial. I don't see anybody ...

Council Member Kniss: You're saying no car trips?

Mayor Burt: I'm saying that we're trying to move toward projects that are
not going to exacerbate our traffic problem. If we have discretion to allow
or not allow a significant new development here, this is mitigation, shall we
say, that I think is important. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I agree with where you're going with that. The
one question I have is would it be possible to say with the setback what
could they build and have that be the cap essentially, and what would the
impact of that be. Then say that's the trip cap. If we soften the setback or
decrease the setback, whatever happens you've got to stay at that kind of
cap of what you could have built there. I don't know ...

Mayor Burt: I hear you. That's not my position, but that's fair to get that
out there. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Again, for me it's really the total package. I think
it was a Study Session; they heard a lot of feedback on different points. For
me it'd be a combination of enforceable TDM, whatever setback you were
asking for, what it'd look like on the corner, where the entrance was. I think
                                                                       Page 43 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
