                          TRANSCRIPT
(b) 4A and B. Those are upper case A and B. I think a better outcome here
would be to eliminate the lot combination.

Female: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: I'm not quite through yet. To eliminate the lot
combination and eliminate the rear addition to the historic house.

Mayor Burt: Wait a minute. Council Member Holman, we need to clarify
which things are part of your Motion and which things are comments. You
need to finish composing your Motion.

Council Member Holman: If we're wanting to give direction to the applicant,
these things I'm about to mention—there's six of them, I think. This would
be direction to the applicant as part of the Motion.

Mayor Burt:    I think the Motion needs to be the basis for continuation, and
then we can    make comments supplemental to that. I don't know that we
should have     the comments as part of the Motion, unless you expect
everybody to   endorse your particular comments.

Council Member Holman: I look for Council Member Kniss' second. Just one
question of clarification then for the Mayor. If we just make comments and
don't put this direction for the applicant in a Motion, how do we know what
the consensus is and how do we give clear direction to an applicant?

Mayor Burt: Your Motion has done that. Then, you began to talk about
certain things that you prefer. The Motion needs to either say that's a basis
for continuation or denial or it's not. When you start just saying your
preference is something, I think that's a comment that is difficult to be part
of a Motion. You either incorporate it clearly in the Motion or add it later as
a comment.

Council Member Holman: I will stop for the reasons that I've put up here. I
hope somebody else was able to track them while I was reading out of the
Staff Report. Those are the reasons why I would move the continuation of
the appeal and require redesign.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) second it.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue the Appeal and require redesign to address the following:

The following Findings cannot be made:

A.    Architectural Review Board Finding Numbers 2, 5, and 6; and
                                                                         Page 47 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
