                          TRANSCRIPT
RPP Districts. It would be as part of a new RPP District, not the existing
Downtown District. The question as to if residents can have a free hang tag
rather than a free decal, no, the resident permits are meant to be vehicle-
specific. They get a free vehicle-specific permit for a resident vehicle, not a
free permit that can be transferred amongst vehicles. That's contained in
the resolution, I believe.

Mr. Mello: I just have one point of clarification, and then I think Hillary has
a couple of responses as well. I just want to clarify that if Council does elect
to designate the eligibility areas that are shown in blue on the map, until
specific streets within those eligibility areas submit petitions to the Planning
Department and they are administratively annexed, nothing would physically
change on those streets. There would be no signage installed. There would
be no direction to employees that those streets are now part of the RPP
District. For all intents and purposes, nothing would change on those streets
until they were officially annexed into the program.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Sue-Ellen and Josh. Just a couple more points.
First, we did discuss with the City Attorney's Office this afternoon the letter
we got from the lawyer and the suggestion that you heard in testimony that
this somehow violates State law. We don't think that that's the case. I
think Cara Silver can answer additional questions on that, if you have them.
We also wanted to note, Neilson made a bunch of suggestions that are quite
different from the program as it's evolved over time. I guess I'm just a little
confused where these suggestions like designated spaces rather than having
a permit program would come from at this late date. We've really worked
hard with all the stakeholders, Neilson included. They've been terrific in
working with us as a team to develop this program with a phased
implementation of two trial periods, Phase 1 and Phase 2. We're trying to
get off the ground and into Phase 2 on the schedule we all agreed to. We're
really asking for some decisions this evening so we can meet that April 1st
deadline. To go back at this point and say, no, no, no, we're going to
designate individual spots on the street rather than use this kind of permit
program would just be a big revision that we hadn't anticipated. The other
thing is someone suggested that this Crescent Park in its entirety including
the portion that's already within the original RPP District should somehow be
treated differently. I know the Council probably wants to have a discussion
about Crescent Park and what to do with the eligibility areas and areas
outside that, but I just wanted to make the point that if we go back and
rethink all of Crescent Park including the portion already within the district,
we're talking about major revision. We would need to do a substantial
recalibration of the program to accomplish that objective. With that, we're
happy to answer Council questions.

                                                                         Page 95 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
