                          TRANSCRIPT
range of comments, of topics that this element covers. Everything from
growth management to historic resources to building design to
neighborhoods to a sense of community, which was one of the real goals.
There was a lot of discussion about fostering public life and embracing
sustainability and creating gathering places. This wasn't just about how tall
should something be and how far should the setbacks be. It was also what
kind of community is the Comp Plan creating.            For example, on the
employment centers, there was a focus on facilitating alternatives to the
auto. It really is an update of the previous Land Use Element, taking into
account today's contemporary issues. Some of the areas of consensus
was—everybody doesn't agree on exactly how you would do it. The goal of
ensuring the highest quality development with the least impacts was
something that the group could agree on and did agree on. Another area
that people agreed on was supporting housing.            Now, what to do to
implement that, there were differences.           Supporting housing that is
affordable and not just by that term affordability, the CAC and the
subcommittees didn't just mean that it meets the legal requirements for
affordability and that it's got income restrictions and all that. It meant that
it really was lower-cost housing that met the needs of middle-income
people. Because of its age or location or size, it would be more affordable to
more people. How do you make that happen? There were differences about
how you do it, but the goal of doing that, there was a lot of consensus.
There was a lot of desire to prevent displacement of existing residents, to
increase multifamily housing including for seniors and others with special
needs. There was also a sense that this is a very dynamic situation, and
that people want to be in a position to monitor growth and update the
growth management plan. How much growth should there be and how
should the growth be regulated was something that people knew was going
to change over the next 15 years and built that into the Plan.
Ms. Gitelman's going to talk more about that in a minute. You got into this
issue of considering revised requirements for development and community
indicators so that you're regularly assessing what is going on, not only what
new development is doing but what's happening with existing residences and
existing businesses. This actually fits very nicely with some of the work that
went with some of the discussion just previously on the S/CAP, this idea of
monitoring and looking at community indicators and being aware of how
things are changing and being able to pivot. It's a more dynamic General
Plan than the one that it is updating. In terms of key issues, housing
affordability was a very big issue. As I said before, there was agreement on
the goal and not so much agreement on how you would do it. For example,
there are in this Plan four different height options ranging from maintaining
the existing 50-foot height limit to being able to go above the 50 feet with
no cap on a case-by-case basis and some in between 50 feet and 55 feet.
One of the major things about that height discussion was this idea of what
                                                                       Page 55 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
