                          TRANSCRIPT
and the Medical Center, that's what we called Phase One. Ideally we'd like
to get 13 stations in there. For the Transportation Fund for Clean Air (TFCA)
grant, we assumed three new publicly funded stations and then five privately
funded stations, which would get us up to that 13 number, which we think
would work in that dark gray area. The remainder of the area, which is
shown in light gray, that would get us to our 35 stations, which is based on
the modeling that the consultant did for the Mid-Peninsula study. That's
what our ideal system looks like. That's where we're going to get the most
benefit for our cost. This is a table that shows the preliminary alternatives
and the cost. I want you to take this with a grain salt. This is a little bit
"back of the envelope." Until we actually start negotiations, we're not going
to have firm numbers. These are based on the term sheet that was
provided by Motivate as well as the rate that the City of San Mateo got for
Social Bicycles, which is an executed contract. For our very small system,
which is five stations, there would be no capital costs for us to continue that,
because the stations are already in place. They're owned by Motivate.
However, the Motivate term sheet shows that we would need to provide
$101,000 a year to keep operating that system. It would work out to a cost
per trip of about $33 if we had our current ridership, if we did not move the
stations and just left it operating the way it is today. If we went to a small
system, which would be a little bit larger than ours, that 13-station system
that I mentioned, we would have a capital cost of $415,000, and then an
annual operating cost of $220,000, and a five-year total cost to the City of
about $1.5 million. That's about $15 per trip if we saw the ridership gains
that were modeled by the consultant. The Social Bicycles, same size
system, 13 stations, our capital costs would be a little bit lower at 400,000.
Keep in mind that would be buying an entirely new fleet of bikes. Even to
buy an entirely new fleet of bikes, the Social Bicycles system is still cheaper
from a capital perspective than just expanding our existing system. That
has an annual operating cost of 175,000 with a total five-year cost to the
City of about 1.3 million. The cost per rider goes down a little bit with that
one to $13 per rider. The last two would be the large 35-station system.
The capital cost for that using the smart dock Motivate system would be
about $1.8 million; whereas, it would only be about $1 million if we were to
use the Social Bike smart bike system. Our operating costs would be
$335,000 with the Motivate system, 170,000 with Social Bicycles. You can
see that the Social Bicycles 35-station system, the total five-year cost to the
City is only $1.9 million; whereas, the Motivate system would be about $3.5
million. With the Social Bicycles 35-station system, we get the cost per trip
down to about three dollars which kind of puts it in line with a typical transit
trip. One last point I want to touch on which I don't want it to get lost in the
numbers. This is very important, regional integration. One of the benefits
of our current system, being part of the Bay Area Bike Share system, is that
someone who has a bike share membership in San Jose or San Francisco
                                                                            Page 8 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
