                         TRANSCRIPT
monitoring in the Downtown Palo Alto parking garages and to solicit bids
when funding becomes available. Welcome. Who would like to kick it off?

Jessica Sullivan, Transportation Planning Manager: Good evening, everyone.
Jessica Sullivan, Transportation Planning Manager. I'm glad to (inaudible)
with this update tonight. As Mayor Burt mentioned, we're doing two things
tonight. We're really giving you an update on projects which we've been
working on for the past several months, and we're also soliciting your
feedback on how to move forward with these projects. The projects we're
going to be talking about are the parking guidance systems, the APGS, as
well as parking wayfinding. I'm going to give kind of a quick overview of
how we got to where we are this evening, and then I'm going to hand this
over to Sue-Ellen Atkinson, who's our parking and TDM lead for the City.
She's going to give you an overview of the two projects side-by-side. Just to
take a step back for a minute. Most of you remember our three-legged stool
of parking management, Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and
then our parking supply measures. Tonight we are very much focused on
the parking management leg of the stool. As you remember, parking
management strategies are all about trying to really regulate and manage
our existing parking, so that we're using it as effectively as we can,
specifically looking at technology systems that help us do that as well as
improvements in parking wayfinding signage. Just a little bit of background
on these two kind of components of our program. There was a nexus fee
study in 2004, which was then updated in 2007, which mentioned the
applicability of parking guidance systems for transportation impact fees.
Moving ahead a few years, we did a study in early 2014 with a consultant
who kind of looked at our Downtown parking system sort of holistically and
noted that there were some potential improvements we could make. One of
the most important findings out of that study was the improvements in
parking wayfinding and regulation were needed. They noted we had some
inconsistent signage and branding, and ultimately this was sort of less than
desirable for customers who are coming Downtown and trying to locate
parking. On August 18th, the Council directed us to proceed with an
Request for Proposal (RFP) for a couple of things, parking access and
revenue controls and parking guidance systems. We ultimately awarded a
contract to Walker Parking on May 4th of last year. We're going to give you
tonight an update on what they've done. In addition, we also moved
forward with a separate project to look at parking wayfinding. Wayfinding,
as distinguished from parking guidance systems, is really the signage that
helps us find where the parking lots are. Once we're there, the parking
guidance systems help us locate the spaces that are empty. Kind of moving
forward with these two separate contracts. We looked at our wayfinding,
and we looked at parking access and revenue controls and the parking
guidance systems. During the stakeholder discussions, one of the things
                                                                       Page 42 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/11/16
