                         TRANSCRIPT
create a new, somewhat different Interim Ordinance.           Would that be
possible?

Ms. Silver: That's a slightly different question. There are different concepts
that we're talking about. One concept is the Urgency Ordinance that you
created, setting a moratorium on retail conversions. That's considered a
moratorium Ordinance.        It's a ban on converting retail ordinances.
Properties have to retain the retail use on the property.           There are
limitations. You can only adopt that as a ban for a period of two years. On
the other hand, you're always free to adopt interim Ordinances. You can
adopt a new Zoning Code or a new zoning provision on California Avenue
(Cal. Ave.) that you want to apply for only three years or three months.
That's called an Interim Ordinance. You're always free to do that under your
police power.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I'm absolutely clear, we've had this two
year clock that's almost over. There's not a problem with then adding an
interim Ordinance onto the end of that clock as a different ordinance?

Ms. Silver: Right. As long as it's a different Ordinance and it does then
allow some kind of development. As long as it's a new regulation, you can—
that new regulation can still get at some of the underlying problems that you
were trying to address with this Ordinance. We can help you with that in the
permanent drafting stage.

Ms. Gitelman: I guess I had an observation. We've talked about this quite a
bit today, just trying to figure out what would be some logical next steps. I
think we were hoping, first of all to Council Member Holman's point, that we
didn't spend time amending the Interim Ordinance, just because we only
have so much time left. It'd be better to focus on the future of permanent
protections.    We thought that in addition to focusing on Downtown
permanent protections there might be a way to draft a permanent Ordinance
that was more far-reaching for either most of the City or a portion of the
City, as you point out, that had a similar provision about not allowing retail
conversions but had a lower bar for people who wished to seek those
conversions.     It wouldn't, for example, require a Constitutional taking
argument to be made if you wanted to convert. We could set in place, with
your help, a set of findings that if the site is located really far away from
everything else and it's been vacant for a year, we could come up with some
conditions that the ordinance could put in place, that could apply. That
might be one way we proceed with a permanent Ordinance.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.
                                                                       Page 50 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
