                          TRANSCRIPT
Chuck Kubokawa: Honorable Mayor and City Council and administrative
people from the City of Palo Alto, I really appreciate you taking the time to
hear us out. I wrote all of you an email, and I hope you read it. Some of it
will be repeated in what I say. I came to Palo Alto in 1958, September the
28th to be sure. It's the hottest day of the year, and we are moving into the
Eichler. Prior to moving in, I used to go to the site to hit a few nails into the
studs to make sure that the studs will stand up in an earthquake. I just
marvel at the structure that was made. It was made very smart, unique and
with quality wood. You call these home Eichler homes. He was a developer,
but the true architects were (inaudible) Allen and a couple of other
architects. All the students that studied under Frank Lloyd Wright, a world-
renowned architect at Taliesin in Arizona. If all these people came after
1958, they would know that the structure is on a flat concrete with radiant
heating in there. That was one of the things that sold me the house, aside
from the fact that my wife and I spent a month and a half looking for a tract
home. No one would sell to us because we were of Japanese descent.
Eichler was the only one that accepted us, and he asked me one question.
You got the gilt? I said, "I got the down payment." He sold me the house,
and I'm very glad he sold me the house. I'm a proponent of Frank Lloyd
Wright, so I love the house.        It's truly unique.     It's something that
everybody should be proud of, because it won many, many awards. Thank
you. Incidentally, the Warriors won.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. (inaudible) Ayed to be followed by Amitab Sinha
[phonetic]. Sonha Metha [phonetic]. Abita Sayed [phonetic]. Jayesh.
Welcome.

Jayesh: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, thank you for your time. My name is
Jayesh. I live on Kenneth Drive in a lovely Eichler home, if I may say so
myself. We love everything about our neighborhood and think it's perfect
just the way it is.      I believe that's so because we already have the
mechanisms in place to oppose every monstrosity that comes up. It is in
the form of plan approvals, in the form of oversight from the Planning
Committee, as well as in the form of comments that we seek from neighbors
as part of the IR process. It just needs to be enforced stronger. Even so,
when the SSO proposal was presented, I initially signed, believing it was a
Motion to put it on ballot. This clause was later struck out. I don't believe it
was meant to be deceitful in any way, but it has caused a lot of
misinformation. It is why I chose to withdraw my support, and I urge the
Council to take the time on this one or put it to ballot. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bina Shah [phonetic] to be followed by Chenghao
Pan. Chenghao Pan. Welcome.


                                                                          Page 85 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
