                          TRANSCRIPT
We've got blank pieces of paper if there were any need to write something
up. I don't know with the process how you want to do that. You are just
trying to get a sense of things. Secondly as it relates to doubling up,
everything that we put on that project list as Staff, you had either in one
form or another directed us to do at some point in time or it was sort of
within our wheelhouse. To go to the Mayor's point, it's not like automatically
things are going to drop off. What we would be using is from you—I mean,
if we had to choose, we would at least be able to gravitate towards what was
more important. There are a lot of other factors that are involved there.
You're only getting a third of the projects up there stickers. I could kind of
argue that it might be more informative not to be doubling up on stuff with
the stickers, since you're got a small amount.

Mayor Burt: Let me hear from others before we answer that question.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think Jim just touched on the two items. I
thought we were going to have a little bit of a discussion about clarifications,
maybe additions. Grade seps, High Speed Rail is not up there. How do we
vote for that?

Mayor Burt: You've got a—did you say, Jim, that there's blank sheets?

Mr. Keene: The Staff has some blank sheets of paper. We're all set. I
mean, if there is a way you want to roughly, without wordsmithing it too
much right now, like grade seps. If you want to give us ...

Mayor Burt: Why don't we put a few blank sheets under each category?

Council Member DuBois:        Sure.      If we don't have a discussion, it's
(crosstalk).

Mrs. Keene: I mean (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: The discussion follows ...

Council Member DuBois: in terms of you placing votes on some new thing I
wrote down, you may not even be aware of it.

Council Member Berman: How about a couple of minutes to add things?

Council Member DuBois: I would rather we just maybe talk about additions
after we vote, and then just recognize that for time purposes we ...

Council Member Kniss: I kind of like that.

                                                                          Page 51 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
