                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. de Geus: If I could just take one second. We are sort of rushing
through this, but it is, I think, important to remind ourselves of the work we
did on the design. We did a lot of work with that, with the Council, with the
Parks and Rec Commission and with the community. It's an exceptional
design. It does a lot of things. It gets out of the way so the flood control
project can go forward, which is a big deal.                  It's a much more
environmentally friendly golf course than what we have now. The design of
the course is unique, something you don't see on the Peninsula. We think
that's going to attract a lot of golfers. We think it'll be financially viable.

Mr. Keene: Could you guys put Slide 6 back up there? The fundamental
issue, assuming you want to proceed with this, is what are the two options
as far as the financing you want to be focused on. Again, as Rob pointed
out, Option 1 of financing $8.166 million is based on covering the contract
costs and everything on a going-forward basis. Option 2 goes back and tries
to recapture costs and then ultimately give that back to the Infrastructure
Reserve Fund. He said that we have had a practice of the golf course being
fully self-supporting. We do not have an absolute requirement. This isn't
any kind of requirement related to the debt service or the way we have to
operate the golf course. On the one hand, you're saying this is money that
can go back to the IR. You could stay pure with the practice. On the other
hand, we are borrowing money and paying interest rates on it to be able to
put it back in the IR. Some of the things you want to think about.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can entertain technical questions.                  Does
anyone have any at this time? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       Just to understand the difference between
Scenario 1 and 2. When we get three or four years out, once the golf course
is operating and we show making money again, is there a scenario where we
could do Scenario 1 with less public debt, and then once the golf course is
making money pay the City back to recover those other fees?

Mr. Keene: Yeah. If you want to put that pro forma back up. You start to
see—at least the baseline scenario, certainly by 2020 we're predicting
making $406,000 in that year.

Council Member DuBois: Would this be a new scenario where the City's
giving itself a zero percent loan that starts paying back in 2020 or
something?



                                                                        Page 98 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
