                          TRANSCRIPT
production of these things. I don’t actually know how it all nets out with
biogas. I know with biodiesel, for example, it doesn't necessarily come out
favorably. It's mostly a subsidy for the agriculture industry. I think it's
important when we look at things like that to read into the details to
understand the final impact. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Mike Danaher to be followed by our final speaker, Craig Lewis.

Mike Danaher: Mr. Mayor, Council Members, I'm Mike Danaher. I'm Vice
Chair of the UAC. We have discussed this several times. I feel like I've
come upon a group of Warriors fans arguing about which player they like
best.

Mayor Burt: Mike, if you're representing the UAC, you get more time.

Mr. Danaher: I'm going to be very brief. We're all on the same team, same
climate action club. I have affection and respect for everybody who is
working towards the same goal. My philosophy on the UAC has been we
want the biggest bang for the buck. We want the biggest carbon reduction
we can per dollar, and we should apply that consistently. I think part of Palo
Alto's leadership is showing how other communities can do the same. If we
opt for the Neiman Marcus plan, we're not showing leadership that's going to
be followed by many other communities. On offsets, I don't agree with
people who dismiss offsets. They are direct reductions in emissions. They
are often the biggest bang for the buck, and we should do that. I don't
oppose electrification efforts, but I would oppose, for example, an
electrification initiative that costs 100 times per unit of carbon saved relative
to other things. I think we need to get the biggest bang for the buck.
That's why I'm in support of this and not at all against pursuing or
investigating more electrification. The proposals or the analysis we've seen
at the UAC shows many of those initiatives are very expensive relative to
what you save. That's all. Best wishes to all my fellow Warriors fans.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Craig Lewis.

Craig Lewis: Thank you, Mayor Burt Council Members. I am Craig Lewis,
the Executive Director of the Clean Coalition. I have worked with most
everybody here up at the dais over the years. The Clean Coalition is very
focused on local renewables and local solutions. We've worked here in Palo
Alto to help design the feed in tariff program, which is to get local
renewables. We were hired to design the Request for Proposals (RFP) to get
solar on top of the City parking structures. We have been hired by the
Office of Emergency Services to help design a solar emergency micro grid at
Cubberley Community Center, which you'll hear more about hopefully in the
not too distant future. With all that said, I think we need to take advantage
                                                                          Page 39 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
