                         TRANSCRIPT
at 322, 332 and 334 Everett Avenue. Do we have a Motion?          Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm going to recuse myself from Item Number 2 as I
own real property. I think it's within 500 feet.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Council Member
Wolbach. Please vote on the board. That passes 5-0 with Council Members
Berman, Kniss, Holman and Schmid absent. We will now go into Closed
Session.

MOTION PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Holman, Kniss, Schmid absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:31 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 6:00 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 7:23 P.M. and Vice Mayor Scharff
returned to the meeting.

Mayor Burt: We have a Closed Session action that we want to report. The
Council voted 6-0 to ratify the Acting City Manager to exercise the City's
purchase option on Lytton I dated October 31, 2016 and directed Staff to
work with the Community Housing, Inc. for an agreement that would
preserve affordability for all Lytton Gardens units for the maximum duration.
That's our reportable action.

Special Orders of the Day

3.   Three Resolutions: Resolution 9640 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
     of the City of Palo Alto Expressing Appreciation to Abbie Knopper Upon
     Completion of her Term as a Parks and Recreation Commissioner;”
     Resolution 9641 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Expressing Appreciation to Ed Lauing Upon Completion of his
     Term as a Parks and Recreation Commissioner;” and Resolution 9642
     Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Expressing

                                                                         Page 2 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
