                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: The hair and nail salon. I so appreciate the
Cardinal barbershop. I don't remember the name of it anymore, but the one
that's ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: The Aveda one.

Council Member Holman: You mentioned as well. When the economy does
turn south, and it will, what Staff has said and other planners in other
communities have said is one of the first things that happens is space gets
gobbled up by hair and nail salons. I just don't know that we want to see a
proliferation of hair and nail salons on University Avenue. I think we ought
to have a limit on the number of hair and nail salons. Staff can come back
with a recommendation on ...

Male: Salons?

Council Member Holman: Yeah, those kinds of uses. Staff can come back
with a recommendation on what that limit should be. Is that agreeable to
Vice Mayor?

Council Member Kniss: No. I …Do you want to speak to that one?

Mayor Burt: You don't have to speak. You accept or reject. You said no;
we got it.

Council Member Kniss: I said no.

Council Member Holman: I'll offer that. Do you want to do separate
amendments now or do you want to do just the Main Motion and then we'll
come back with separate amendments? How would you like to handle it?

Mayor Burt: We can add amendments.

Council Member Holman: Now?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Council Member Holman: I would add an Amendment then that Staff come
back with a recommendation on what an appropriate limitation is for hair
and nail salons and like personal service on University Avenue.

Mayor Burt: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with potential limits on hair and nail
salons, gyms, and other similar personal service uses on University Avenue.”
                                                                         Page 84 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
