                         TRANSCRIPT
headed in the future, I know some of you were there. Pat, you must have
been there then as well. Just to look at that for an information base.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly for clarification. I'm assuming this would be
a Brown Act committee. The committee would meet in public and would go
through all of that. The way Council Member Schmid described it, you could
have these quick meetings here and there. I want to make sure this will be
basically a four-person committee that would meet in public. People could
speak. The stakeholders could come. There'd be noticed meetings, all of
that.

Mayor Burt: It would. I think under the law as an ad hoc committee, it's
not required to, but I would support that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't know if we need to put that in there. As long as
that's your understanding, I think we're good.

Mayor Burt: Just looking at whether there's a place to ... Why don't we add
"and authorize the ad hoc committee through a series of public meetings"?
Maybe that covers it well enough.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “through a series of public
meetings” after “authorize the ad hoc committee.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, did you have something else?

Council Member Holman: Yes. I'm sorry; I meant to mention this earlier.
Council Member Kniss' comment reminded me. I think it's important—it
doesn't need to be in the Motion—that whoever is on the committee—I'm
lobbying—should also consider as part of the polling what the money is
going to be spent on. It's going to be an advisory, not a 66 percent vote, I
would think. What the money would be spent on, and who would be
impacted. That's one of the things that went wrong, I think, in 2009. When
this was on the ballot before, it wasn't a clear measure, and it wasn't really
clear who was going to benefit and what the outcomes were going to be.

Mayor Burt: Agreed. The 2009 was a General Fund measure, frankly. It
was the fee deficits that existed because we had not accomplished pension
and benefit reforms. It wasn't for a specific purpose. Council Member
Berman.



                                                                        Page 94 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
