                          TRANSCRIPT
MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to schedule the Council’s Summer Break from July 2 to August
12.

Mayor Burt: We're ready to vote. All in favor.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: We will bring back up the winter break (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That's all right.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 2:38 P.M.

5.    Wrap-Up and Next Steps.

Mayor Burt: We kind of already went through wrap-up and next steps, I
believe. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Can I just say something before we lose any
other folks? I did want to just specifically on behalf of the Staff here thank
all the Staff who worked. Not only our Staff all involved in the input on the
reports, but Beth and her team and Rob and his folks and Khash and Janice
and Suzanne and Staff from our office on all of the logistics and everything.
A lot went into this Retreat. We've come a long way since the meeting at
Ventura where it was cold, and the coffee was bad, and the lights were dark.
Thank you, guys.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We still haven't fixed Ventura, have we? I saw it up
there. It got no dots.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: The two things. One is I was thinking that the
motion that Council had put forward was for the Council to be able to discuss
the Comp Plan schedule and our interaction, interface with the CAC. We're
obviously not going to discuss that today. I just didn't want it to fall to the
wayside. Appreciate the schedule. I thought we were going to discuss it, so
when would that be? I'll just put both things on the table at once, and then
I'll hush up. That's one. The other is last year at the Retreat we invited
comments from the full Council as to things we wanted Policy and Services
to consider as part of the annual required procedures and protocols update.
Where will that and when will that happen then?

                                                                          Page 85 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
