                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I don't think that's the intent. I think it's to reference them as
a whole, not individually.

Mr. Lait: Which I feel like we're doing in Finding 1 with the explicit reference
to consistency with the Zoning Code including Context Based Design Criteria.
We could pull that parenthetical reference out there and make 2(c)
compliance with the Context Based Design Guidelines.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would be fine with that ….

Mr. Lait: Then, it's more direct—then we have to answer directly the
context-based findings. I think that might help when we come to the
Council on an appeal. You can see Staff's analysis about how the project
does or does not meet the design standards.

Mayor Burt: In the interest of moving this along, I think that's a good idea.
Can you offer up language that would relocate that from 1 to a modified
2(c)?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Provide that to the Clerk, and then we can have any other
discussions while we get that on the board. The maker and the seconder
can decide if …

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “remove from 18.76.020 (d)(1), '(including context-based design
criteria, as applicable)’ and replace 18.76.020(d)(2)(c) with, ‘is consistent
with the context-based design criteria of the applicable zone district.’” (New
Part B)

Council Member Holman: That would be helpful. It's design criteria as
stated, not design guidelines which are different. The other is offering up
that El Camino Real be added to California Avenue and Downtown.

Mr. Lait: I would suggest that we would say "the project is consistent with
the Context Based Design Criteria as applicable for the commercial district."
There are context-based criteria for all of El Camino, for all of Downtown,
California Avenue.

Mayor Burt: We don't have to list them. We just say …

Mr. Lait: We don't have to list them.

Mayor Burt: … for the commercial district.
                                                                          Page 48 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
