                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I don't have a Motion. I just really briefly
wanted to comment—there's a few members of the CAC left—on the good
data, because a bunch of people talked about good data and a deep dive. I
think one of the things we should think about is in general hotels, for
instance, create less traffic than either housing or office. In general,
housing creates more traffic than office. Housing placed Downtown in small
units, where you basically don't give a Residential Parking Permit (RPP)
parking permit, would probably create less traffic than office or possibly
hotels. The question that I want people to think about is what matters in
terms of all the traffic in all of this is where we place the housing, where we
place the office. Office next to the Caltrain station, it seems that close to 50
percent of the people take Caltrain; it creates very little. Office placed not
near a Caltrain station creates more. I'm just saying when we talk about
good data, it's really data specific to what we're thinking about. As we go
through this Comp. Plan, we should think about what we want to achieve.
We want to obviously have less traffic. We want to have more housing. We
want to think about how we achieve that in a site-specific way that's data
driven. That's what I want—I'm hoping we'll get some of that information as
we go through this process that actually deal with it on a granular basis like
that. If we're actually going to make this work, then we need to be
granular. If we just say we're going to put in 15,000 new housing units, we
could make traffic horrible in this City frankly. If we place those housing
units in the right place, there may be no traffic impacts. That's what I'm
saying, we have to think about this really carefully. I just wanted to get that
off my chest.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Not a Motion either, but just a comment to Staff.
We have made lots of comments this evening about data. I mentioned
earlier about the need for understanding how traffic analysis is done. Just
bring everything you could possibly think of that has been incorporated in
how the analysis was done both for current conditions and assumptions
going forward. For instance, how many employees per 1,000 square feet,
those sorts of things, and what projects are being included and not in terms
of current conditions and projections. There was another thing about that.
There was another thing about data which it seems to have escaped me at
the moment. What data is being used for school impacts, like, what the
assumptions are for that, because the Comprehensive Plan is where we can
address that. I think those are my comments. Just clarity about how the
data was arrived at.

Mayor Burt: I just have a couple of quick wrap-ups. One is on the traffic
impact analysis methodology. I certainly think that's going to be something
                                                                            Page 105 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
