                          TRANSCRIPT
different issue in Santa Monica. There was a concern about restaurant
concentrations, and they limited the number of restaurants in a certain area.
That's certainly a common planning tool to limit the concentration of uses.

Mayor Burt: You mentioned something that was new to me. Within gyms
and yoga studios and things like that, you're calling below 15 customers at a
time a personal service.

Mr. Lait: Yeah. This is again one of these legacy interpretations that we're
...

Mayor Burt: Is that codified anywhere?

Mr. Lait: No. That was again a legacy interpretation that Staff was trying to
figure out how do we let small types of—instead of going through a CUP
process for a commercial recreation facility, which is a gym, LA Fitness or
Equinox or something like that, I guess the question was is there a lower
kind of threshold of class that doesn't rise to that same level of concern with
traffic and so forth. Over time, Staff had come up with this definition of
yoga studios of 15 or so as personal service and, therefore, no CUP required.

Mayor Burt: That could even explain on the Cal. Ave., which is outside this
district, we could have a similar circumstance where we're seeing a really
critical retail corner that is now a gym or a personal service. Maybe they
said there was 14 clients at a time or something. I guess I would be
interested in having that definition looked at more carefully.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I wanted to follow up on this question on the—one, the Staff
Report talked about having a more refined definition potentially on
University. The side streets, anything not fronting University, would not
have this new, slightly more restrictive definition of retail. It would in fact,
under Slide 10, become even broader to include medical offices and schools.
Have you looked at really whether we need, especially in this—from a critical
University area, the University side streets which are very vibrant retail, and
then these outlying areas to the Downtown, are you at all looking at
essentially three different categories?

Ms. Eisberg: Yes. We've focused on University Avenue as the strongest
retail Downtown core. We've recommended this framework for the GF
District that is more flexible and allows for a greater range of uses.
Although, we haven't suggested any changes to the larger CD, the
Downtown Commercial District, that is the next layer of uses permitted

                                                                        Page 69 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
