                          TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seems like it was sort of a drafting oversight to me,
but maybe that was—these projects would only come to us—that's really my
question. If they go to ARB and someone has an issue with it, then they
appeal and then you decide whether or not you can make the ARB findings.
These projects are all zoning compliant, I assume, these three projects. If
they're not, they go through a separate process of wanting variances and
exceptions and all of that. Right?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't know the specifics of (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Either way, it wouldn't come to Council unless someone
appeals it, right?

Ms. Gitelman: If it's less than 50,000 square feet in a given year, they
wouldn't come to Council unless someone appeals it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What we're saying is these three projects come to
Council regardless of whether or not someone appeals it or not, even though
the scorecard is really not applicable to them.

Ms. Gitelman: Because the total this year is over 50,000 square feet, if it's
still over 50,000 on March 31st, all these projects would come to Council as
part of the competition.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It seems sort of silly to me. Fair enough. I understand
at least what we're planning on doing. I guess I wanted to talk a little bit
about the scoring. The idea was we broke it up into the criteria, and we
gave 20 points, and then you broke that up into little pieces. The first one is
impacts, so we gave that 20 points. We decided that if it's zoning compliant
and doesn't require a variance and that's how we looked at density of the
development, the context of underlying zoning and the site requirements.
That's not quite density. What was the thinking behind that?

Ms. Gitelman: If you look at the criterion as it's laid out in the Ordinance,
it's the density of development in the context of underlying zoning and site
surroundings. What we've done in the consideration there is it really has
two parts.     One is, is it consistent with the zoning; it doesn't need
exceptions, although we have a footnote there where we're carving out the
build-to line and the parking exceptions which in some cases encourage
TDM. The second part of that explanation is about the mass and scale and
consistency with adjacent buildings. That's something that's going to be
more qualitative and going to result, I think, in what Council Member DuBois

                                                                         Page 55 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
