                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council for comments and
motions. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I do have comments, and I'll, in the interest of
time, just read these. I provided them to Staff ahead of time as well. The
Professorville National Register District is the "formal recognition that the
neighborhood is one of the most significant places in the context of Palo
Alto's historic development."      That's from the Guidelines book.           The
importance of the proposed Guidelines cannot be overstated from a
development and historical perspective. There are two other residential
National Register Districts in Palo Alto and much interest in developing
Eichler overlay or preservation districts. All of these efforts were initiated by
residents who value the visual and historic character of the neighborhoods.
They rely on the City to administer the preservation of their neighborhoods
according to existing City ordinances and, in the case of Professorville,
application of the Secretary of the Interior Standards and CEQA. The
Secretary Standards were adopted by the City several years ago as the
standard by which the HRB and the City will review applications subject to
historic review. That's very important to understand. It's not clearly stated
in the Guidelines. After reviewing the Guidelines on several occasions,
having conversations with City Staff including at HRB meetings on this topic,
and based on my relatively extensive background in historic preservation
including a number of CEQA and California Preservation Foundation
trainings, I offer the following comments. The proposed Guidelines, while
improved by the amendments included in Attachment B—thank you, Staff—
in the Staff Report, they do not address significant issues occurring in
Professorville, nor do they lay out some of the basic criteria that are primary
to such a document. The required standards for review in Professorville are
the Secretary of the Interior Standards included in the Guidelines, not just to
rely on some compatibility as is referenced repeatedly in the Guidelines.
The Standards are used nationwide to provide guidance on project review
and approval while allowing contemporary use. The Guidelines do not
address how to avoid demolition—you've heard this referenced tonight—and
reconstruction of even major homes in the District, as has occurred over the
last while. Several homes have been demolished and have not been subject
to CEQA, because the City is allowing contractors to dismantle homes and
rebuild them sequentially. As is referenced in the letter from the public,
Professorville is now home to a number of replica homes. All one has to do
is walk through the District to see this occurring. Little to nothing original
remains on those sites. The history, the fabric is gone. I know of no other
community subject to CEQA that allows such actions. Surely this is not what
the applicants for the National Register designation anticipated. I should
point out too that if the plans approved the demolition, then it would be
subject to CEQA. What's happening is there are things happening in the
                                                                         Page 59 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
