                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let me try and take a crack at a few elements of this. First,
Council Member Wolbach had offered up a revisiting of the problem. I think
that's useful; although, I have a broader definition of the problem. My
recollection is that we really were concerned about two major things. Maybe
others would add in other elements. It was loss of local-serving retail. We
weren't saying that we're really acutely concerned about loss of revenue
from retail regardless of whether it was local-serving. We really cared about
losing retail that people in the community used and valued, which is
interesting. In some of the discussion around this property tonight, people
talked about it being a destination retail. It's not solely; I mean, Palo Altans
go there as well. It's not the same thing as losing a hardware store.
Second, it's a concern of retail being converted to basically Research and
Development (R&D)/office space, software firms and the like. We put an
interim ordinance in, but one of the things that we had misgivings about at
the time—certainly I did—was that it was a pretty rigid ordinance without a
lot of flexibility to it. We tried to put in this waiver process. This applicant
has certainly made a case that they've been waiting a long time for that
process to work, to get a hearing on it. I'll talk briefly, kind of broadly about
my thoughts on where I think we ought to be going on the permanent
Ordinance. I don't think we're going to have really time tonight to try to
craft any clear guidance to Staff on that. I think we have input, and then we
may need to re-agendize this topic again so that the Staff gets an
opportunity to have stronger and more considered guidance on the
permanent Ordinance before they come back to the Council with a proposal
to reflect that input. My personal thoughts are that, first, we want to have
zoning that looks at strengthening the retail in our core areas of our
downtowns, University and Cal. Ave. We've had a degree of a problem on
those real core retail areas where we have an overly broad definition of retail
there, one that might be overly restrictive in some other areas where it's
applied. One definition of retail doesn't suit us where we really have areas
that are strong retail areas and they shouldn't have a bunch of gyms, they
shouldn't have a bunch of nail salons in those core areas. This is where
people are having all the foot traffic. The notion that a gym is really a good
thing in a retail zone I just disagree with. The same thing with a bunch of
nail salons or other salons or who knows what. That doesn't mean we don't
grandfather in some existing, but I certainly don't want to see that go long
term and expanding that kind of use and really undermining what's retail. I
also think that El Camino is a different sort of retail. It's a drive-to retail.
It's really important that we not lose that second tier, more economical retail
for a lot of different services that are valued in the community. It's much
more affordable retail, and we need to retain that. That's the other thing
that I really want to see. This notion of really two retail definitions. Where
that goes, I think that'll be part of the next discussion. I think we've got a
core retail definition, and then we've got one that has greater latitude in
                                                                         Page 81 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
