                          TRANSCRIPT
very difficult time there. It even scares me sometimes. The fix there is
really critical, even for people who aren't using the bridge. I think that's
really worth pointing out and appreciating. I think that the baseline design
is simple. It's elegant. It gets the job done. I think that the 12-foot width
is perfectly sufficient. I do appreciate that Staff has brought us a number of
options. We've talked about on a lot of things how it would be nice to more
often get Staff recommendation, but then here are a couple of other options
we could pursue. I appreciate having those options. In this case, I agree
with the Staff recommendation. I think the design is fine, and the budget is
right. I don't want to see us, as I mentioned before, slow this down or add
to ballooning costs. A couple of things that I will also mention. I don't know
if we need to include it in this Motion. I would like to see it called something
like the Lefkowitz Memorial Bridge. I'm open to discussion either way on
whether we go with the self-weathering steel or with a paint. Actually a
quick question. On some of these smaller amenities like drinking fountains,
bike racks, interpretive signage, are those things we need to decide tonight
or can those be decided at a later point in this project?

Mr. Eggleston: Those are much less important to decide tonight. I'm almost
certain that whatever you decide, we'll probably be able to incorporate some
of those types of things.

Council Member Wolbach:         Just in the interest of time, I'd actually
recommend to my colleagues that we hold off on those enhanced amenities
that aren't necessary to decide right now, so we can move forward a little bit
more in the planning before we add all those, whatever they may be. We
did hear a question during public comment about Sterling Canal for bike and
pedestrian use. Did Staff want to weigh in and respond to that at all or
indicate whether that's feasible and whether that's something we, again,
would have to discuss tonight or we could come back to that at a future
time?

Mr. Eggleston: It's not an issue that I'm familiar with. I jotted down some
notes. We'll definitely reconvene and talk about it.

Council Member Wolbach: It would be great to get some follow-up. I
appreciate the member of the public who brought that up. Also on the point
of lighting that was raised, I would actually also point out that this doesn't
just connect to the Baylands.      It also connects to a lot of jobs and
businesses in North Bayshore. I think we do have pretty good lighting there.
Actually one other question. Just looking for an example of the weathered
steel look, as we were discussing this I was pulling up Google Earth and
looking at the street view down there. I'd forgotten that there is a bike
bridge right now across Adobe bridge on the East Bayshore side, which is

                                                                          Page 72 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
