                        TRANSCRIPT
be levied. We ask the Council to continue looking at this Ordinance and
work out the kinks before it's implemented. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We now return to the Council for a Motion to
approve Consent Calendar.

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 4-19, including in Agenda Item Number 15-
SECOND READING: Approval of Planning Codes Update … removing “and
approval” before “by the Architectural Review Board” in Municipal Code
Section 18.16.060 (b)(9)(1).

Mayor Burt: That's a Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by
Council Member Kniss.

4.   Finance Committee Recommendation to Council to Continue the PV
     Partners Program Until the State Legislative Requirements set Forth in
     the California Million Solar Roof Bill Have Been Fulfilled.

5.   Finance Committee Recommendation That the City Council Approve
     Design Guidelines for the Net Energy Metering Successor Program.

6.   Approval of a Purchase Order With American Truck & Trailer Body
     (AT&TB) in an Amount not to Exceed $687,638 for the Purchase of
     Three 2016 Peterbilt 337 Extended Cab Chassis Including AT&TB
     Maintenance, Construction Service Body and Approve Budget
     Amendments in the Water Fund, Gas Fund, Wastewater Fund, and
     Vehicle Equipment and Replacement Fund.

7.   Approval of a Contract With Siegfried for a Total Amount not to Exceed
     $92,004 for Design and Construction Support Services for the Quarry
     Road Improvements and Transit Center Access Project and Approval of
     a Transfer From the Stanford University Medical Center Fund to the
     Capital Improvement Fund and Creation of CIP Project PL-16000 to
     Provide an Appropriation of $92,004 to the Quarry Road
     Improvements and Transit Center Access Project in the Capital
     Improvement Program.

8.   Approval of Contract Amendment Number 1 to Contract Number
     C15154454 With Integrated Design 360 for Project Management and
     Analysis Services Associated With an Electrification Feasibility Study,

                                                                      Page 20 of 94
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/11/16
