                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: Thank you. With that, let's jump right to—I'll skip over this.
The objective is really to be cost neutral. We're raising the fees to basically
pay for themselves. All the Staff charges, overhead and direct charges are
layered on top of the cost of the staffing and their compensation. We set
the fee based on what it would cost to recover the cost of doing the work.
What we're bringing forward is a recommendation to adjust the fees at 100-
percent cost recovery. We did this by first collecting data, then building the
cost structures, and then calculating the full cost recovery through the
service, and then setting the fees according to that analysis. Dan Edds, our
consultant is here to answer specific technical questions if you might have
any, as well as the Office of Management and Budget is here to answer
questions as well. With that, what I'd like to do is entertain any questions
before I dive into any answers that we think you might have questions to.
With that, I'll turn it back to the Council.

Mayor Burt: Are you saying that you have answers that you have teed up?

Mr. Pirnejad: We do.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you go ahead and just give us what you think we're
going to ask, and then we'll ask what remains.

Mr. Pirnejad: We wanted to just follow up with some of the questions that
the Finance Committee had. What if somebody's on a fixed income and
can't afford some of the improvements that they want to do to their home?
We did some research, knowing full well that there's nonprofits that help in
this. Sure enough, Rebuilding Together, Habitat for Humanity are two
nonprofits that will step in and help people with fixed income to address
some of these critical needs. Brad can address some of these in more detail.

Brad Angell, Senior Management Analyst:           Both organizations provide
services here in this County and, if necessary, in Palo Alto. They usually
have a maximum income that's allowed. For Rebuilding Together, their
maximum goes all the way up to $55,000 per year. It's about the same for
Habitat for Humanity. It's definitely within the range.

Mr. Pirnejad: Finally, there was a question that came up about what would a
typical cost be for a kitchen remodel, a bathroom remodel, a residential
remodel. We did the math and basically came up with the current versus
the proposed fee. In a kitchen remodel, the current fee is about $1,800.
The proposed would be $1,883. Very minor change.

Mayor Burt: Wait a minute. Under the basis of our last Item's discussion,
we're going to see more bathrooms and fewer kitchens?

                                                                         Page 80 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
