                          TRANSCRIPT
organization. Of course, they're reflected in your Priorities, both getting the
Comp Plan done, dealing with the built environment, continuing to invest in
our infrastructure in the very systematic way that we have been over the
past seven or eight years, and a focus on the life of a Healthy City. Tonight,
the budget that we will be presenting to the Council is the original City
Manager Proposed Budget. It includes responses to the directives from the
Finance Committee and includes their recommendations that they identified.
It does make adjustments to revenues. What we bring you now from the
Finance Committee, as the Staff will go into much more detail, does
essentially replace the draw on the Budget Stabilization Reserve that, I felt,
was a necessary factor when I originally proposed the budget in the spring.
We do identify and the Finance Committee has committed to beginning to
meet in the fall of this year on the Fiscal Year '18 Budget, which will be next
year's budget. We do acknowledge that there's some systemic issues that
we were not able to fully address in this year's budget, even though we
present you with a balanced budget for Fiscal Year '18. The Staff will also
identify some outstanding issues that we don't have all of the information on
or all the decision haven't been made yet on Fiscal Year '17 itself. Even
after you adopt this budget, we acknowledge that there will be some near-
term budget decisions that you'll have to make. We'll identify those. With
that, I will turn it over to our team here. We'll go into more detail. Lalo.

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim. Lalo Perez, Chief
Financial Officer. I want to thank the Finance Committee for their review of
the budget that we put forward. We're bringing a budget that, as Jim said,
has some systemic challenges. I just wanted to remind the Council that we
went through something similar just about six years ago, where we had
about a $14 million budget deficit. The beauty of a budget like yours and
this community is that it's diversified. It has various sources and abilities for
us to be able to make some adjustments. What we hope to do today is give
you an update of where we came to from the Finance Committee meetings;
talk to you about what the solutions are and the next steps as Jim outlined
them; and then turn it over to the Chair to give the Committee's overview.
We'll be open to questions after that. Kiely Nose is going to go ahead and
start the presentation. We'll chime in, the three of us here.

Kiely Nose, Budget Manager: Thanks, Lalo and Jim. To start, I also just
wanted to say thanks to what we keep reminding you is a small but mighty
team here at OMB with Paul Harper and Steve Guagliardo behind me.
Amongst the three of us, we've kind of held down the fort for the last
month. Starting out really quick and really high level. The revised Citywide
budget that's in front of you today is $642 million. This is slightly above
your proposed, which was at $626 million. The biggest change is the capital
reappropriations. The rest of it is obviously around the margins. Going
                                                                              Page 10 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
