                         TRANSCRIPT
the stick, the incentive, the pressure on the employers to participate in the
TMA and to reduce the number of their employees driving Downtown in the
first place. A lot of other questions. A lot of other comments I could make,
but it's getting late. I think that really the key questions really are what's
best for the neighborhood, how do we have fairness, and how do we make
sure we don't frankly screw over especially the low-income employees. I
want to make sure that they have options. A bigger question that maybe we
can't get into right now is—really it comes down to the question of
enforcement and the long-term thinking, maybe beyond the pilot phase of
enforcement and how we actually have a technological solution, whether it's
bar codes on the stickers that the enforcement can drive by and scan it real
quick to be efficient or like a fast track thing where the enforcement car
drives by and just scans the permit. I'm wondering if that's part of the long-
term plan, whether that's something that you need support from Council
indicating to start pursuing, whether you need Council direction to start
pursuing it, whether you need additional resources to start pursuing that. In
the long-term, maybe that's what we need. Maybe that would be more
efficient, that would be more cost effective, perhaps that would enable more
nuanced and agile distribution of where cars park. I'm thinking long-term
again, a couple of years out, however long it takes to set it up. Maybe every
employee has an app on their phone that says you're one of the five
employees from your company who's allowed to park Downtown today,
because your company promised that half their employees would not be
driving every day. Today, you're supposed to be parking on Bryant Street or
you're supposed to be parking in Zone 10. Things like that. This is the
long-term stuff, but I think that's the goal we should be getting towards.
Sorry for the rambling thoughts.            I wish I had more conclusive
recommendations at 11:45 p.m. The question of coming back in two weeks
with time to answer more questions, I'm not sure I really want to punt
anything tonight. I kind of want to take some conclusive steps, but I'd like
to hear from my colleagues and from Staff about pros and cons of punting
stuff or making decisions tonight that'll move us forward.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to try—I have a lot of questions, but I'm
going to try to maybe propose a way forward. First, I'd really like to
understand more detail about the Shute Mihaly legal letter. I'd really like to
get a deeper response to this letter and the issues it raises, if you could
speak to that.

Ms. Stump: Sure, we can do that. I'm going to turn that over to my
colleague, Cara Silver. Before we do that and while she's gathering her
thoughts, I just want to let the Council know that we are considering Council
                                                                      Page 101 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
