                          TRANSCRIPT
the 5,000. If the Council were interested in exploring an additional TDM
standard that would apply to the office development or a greater amount of
the retail, we can look at that. We'd want to be—we need to have some
objective standards on which to evaluate it, so that we can assess the
success at that. That's up for the Council to consider.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I have a question about open space.
Council Member DuBois asked something related to this. I thought the Code
was pretty clear about residential having certain requirements for common
open space, not just as the plans call out as uncovered landscape open
space. Residential areas require a certain amount of common open space.
Can you help me understand the allocation that you're talking about and
what you consider to be the common open space for the residential units?

Jodie Gerhardt, Current Planning Manager: Thank you, Council Member.
Jodie Gerhardt, Current Planning Manager. Looking at the zoning, there is a
requirement for usable open space, 20 square feet per unit. That would be
for five or fewer, so actually it's 150 square feet per unit for six units or
more.

Council Member Holman: Is that the private open space?

Ms. Gerhardt: This is just usable open space in general.           It can be a
combination of private and common.

Council Member Holman: If we're looking at the plan set, Page A0.3, I see a
plaza area here. Thank you for calling that out as plaza in the presentation
this evening. I see a plaza area there which one could suppose would serve
the retail directly in front of it. I'm just not seeing usable open space for the
housing units. I see perimeter landscaping, but I don't see usable open
space. Can you help me, if I'm looking at this incorrectly? The private open
space I get; they're talking about the balconies. I just don't see the
common open space for residential.

Mr. Lait: It looks like the applicant—Ken Hayes is the architect. He can
probably speak to this in some more detail. It looks like the applicant is
meeting the standard based on the private usable open space requirements.

Council Member Holman: I'm not questioning the private. I'm talking about
the common.


                                                                         Page 20 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
