                          TRANSCRIPT
Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members. Do consider we are
sitting in a City Hall of a City which was founded, created, built so that there
would be a town without alcohol for the students of Stanford. Everybody
knows that. It's no secret. At the time of the civil rights movement, when
the restrictive covenants on having people of other races not live in precious
Palo Alto, they decided we might as well get rid of those restrictive
covenants about selling alcohol while we're at it. Why not? Think of all the
money we could make. They did, and we did. The co-op went out of
business. I think it's the height of hypocrisy for people to be against
marijuana which is certainly no more harmful than alcohol. However, I'm
somewhat of an expert, at least as experts go, because I happen to own a
large property in Potter Valley which is the marijuana capital of the world.
When we had to rent our farmhouse out a year or so ago, we had people
coming who were anxious to have a place where they could grow medical
marijuana, and these were respectable people. These were not lay-abouts;
they were not funny people.            They were regular ordinary citizens,
bourgeoisie if you will. I was very impressed with them and terribly sorry
that they couldn't grow marijuana on our property because it's right next to
a school. I was very impressed with the type of people that were looking to
use this drug, and I would like you to give some consideration to them.
They have some rights too. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 10:06 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to move that we continue this item to
another meeting in February.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue this Agenda Item to a February Council Meeting if
necessary.

Council Member DuBois: Again, my understanding it's because of this State
law. We need to pass something by March 1st to maintain local control.
Let's wait and see if the Governor fixes it. I think the main thing we want to
do here is just preserve local control, to define the terms.

Ms. Stump: Mr. Mayor, may I just clarify the intent of the Motion? If the
Governor does remove that time limit, is the maker of the Motion
comfortable with the Staff coordinating to find a more convenient time on
your calendar?

                                                                         Page 73 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
