                         TRANSCRIPT
      Prohibit Outdoor Cultivation of Marijuana (FIRST READING: October
      24, 2016 PASSED: 7-1 Burt no, DuBois absent).”

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes 7-0 with Council
Members Kniss and Berman absent and Council Members Holman and Burt
voting no on 15.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMEBRS 4-14 PASSED:                    7-0 Berman,
Kniss absent

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 15 PASSED:                  5-2 Burt, Holman
no, Berman, Kniss absent

Action Items

16.   PUBLIC HEARING: 900 N. California Ave. [14PLN-00233]:
      Recommendation for Approval of a Preliminary Parcel Map, With
      Exceptions, to Subdivide an Existing 30,837 Square Foot Parcel Into
      Three Parcels. The Parcel Map Exception is to Allow one of the Parcels
      to Exceed the Maximum Lot Area.             Environmental Assessment:
      Exemption Pursuant to CEQA Guidelines Section 15061 (b)(3). Zoning
      District: Single-Family Residential District (R-1) **QUASI JUDICIAL.

Mayor Burt: We now move onto our Action Items. Our first one is a Public
Hearing on 900 North California Avenue, which is a recommendation for
approval of a preliminary parcel map with exceptions to subdivide an
existing 30,837-square-foot parcel into three parcels. The parcel map
exception is to allow one of the parcels to exceed the maximum lot area.
This is exempt from CEQA, and the zoning district is single-family
residential. Mr. Lait, you're taking the lead on this? Welcome.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Yes. Thank you, Mayor. Good evening, City Council. Adam Petersen, to my
right, will be making a brief presentation, and we'll be here to answer any
questions you may have.

Adam Petersen, Project Planner: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of
the Palo Alto City Council. I'm Adam Petersen from the Planning and
Community Environment Department. I'm here tonight to present our
request for a parcel map at 900 North California Avenue. The project
proposes to subdivide an existing 30,837-square-foot lot into three lots.
There's three existing homes on the property right now. The parcel map
would facilitate replacing these homes with three new homes. In fact, one
lot would be large enough to accommodate a second dwelling unit. The
reason this project is before you tonight is that the Zoning Code establishes
                                                                        Page 14 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
