                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: No, there would be a separate cap. The idea was that there
would be 50,000-square-foot cap Citywide minus the Research Park, and
then the Research Park would have a separate cap. The rules would be
different there where the cap could roll forward if it's unused.

Council Member Holman: Not so sure I'm keen on that, but also not positive
I fully understand the implications of that. First blush is I probably would
not be in favor of it. I think those are my only Stanford comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. On a personal level, I'm watching the clock
because I have to leave shortly after 9:30 P.M., and I'm worried that I won't
be able to participate at all on the second segment. I have some comments
there that I want to do. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Let me just talk a little bit about the 1.7, meaning
that we've accounted for 1.5 of the growth between '98 and 2015. What
impact did that growth have? I guess we've seen at least six neighborhoods
applying for Residential Preferential Parking Permits (RPPs), saying the
commercial traffic intrusion is really troublesome. We also in our existing
conditions report have some intersection changes between 1998 and 2015.
The numbers there show that 11 intersections have gone up 33 percent, an
average of two percent per year. The total delays, level of service (LOS),
has gone up 53 percent or over three percent per year. There have been
ramifications from the growth, whatever it is. We're looking forward to 1.7
in the future, over the next 15 years. How does that compare to our
history? If you look at our history of the monitored area, office growth has
grown about 53,000 feet per year. This would be growth at 113,000 square
feet per year or about twice as high as our historic average. A question the
CAC should deal with, take a look at. If the 1.5 million monitored feet has
created these traffic issues, which the City survey, which the intersection
numbers say is troubling, what's double that going to cause over the next 15
years? It's doubled only the monitored area. It does not include the 1.3
Medical Center, which hadn't started in 2015.         Wow.    This is not a
conservative forecast. This is a troubling forecast. The CAC should sit down
and take a look at the consequences of what they have voted. Certainly the
Council should.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'll try to be quick. For the annual growth cap, I
think we should have separate caps for the City, like we have it, Downtown,
Cal. Ave., El Camino, and then something different for the Stanford Research
Park, whether that's having a cap in the Stanford Research Park or not. I
like the idea of having a cap. I'm open to the idea of it rolling over. I think

                                                                       Page 76 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
