                         TRANSCRIPT
and suddenly the City comes back and says, "Wait a second. We decided
your property's historical," probably we don't want to do that .

Ms. Gitelman: I think you're right. That will require implementation to be
very clear about what is a change that could potentially affect the resource
and what are negligible changes that don't require (crosstalk).

Council Member Filseth: It's more than that. When you go to buy a
property, you should know whether it's historic or not. You shouldn't buy a
property with one expectation, and then the City suddenly decides its
historic.

Ms. Gitelman:    Agree.    There's another program about updating our
Inventory so we have a better understanding about what is historic.

Council Member Filseth: As long as that's … Finally, let me weigh in on the
height limit for a second. By the way, the height limit I gather is not in the
Comp Plan right now. It's in the Code, but as far as I know it's not in the
Comp Plan.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't recall offhand.

Council Member Filseth: I think it's not. It's possible to have a legitimate
discussion of whether it makes sense to be in it or not. You could actually
have a discussion. Let me sort of frame the argument. There's lots of
reasons why you can do more with a higher building. Certainly most of our
neighboring cities are getting higher faster. The 50-foot height limit was
defined many years ago when there was a lot of concern about tall buildings
going up around town and maybe Palo Alto would look a lot different unless
some policy was put in place. The kinds of things we're talking about here,
if it goes to 55 or 60 feet, will Palo Alto be irrevocably changed? It doesn't
seem likely. On the other hand, if it goes to 55 or 60 feet, will we suddenly
have $1,500 a month apartments instead of $3,000 a month apartments?
In other words, housing which is affordable. It doesn't seem very likely
either; although, if it is, then that's a discussion. The thing we have a
challenge reconciling is suppose we make it 55 feet, then 60 feet would only
be a little bit higher than that. Most of the same good reasons to raise it
would still apply. I know that's a slippery slope argument, but I go back to
the Facebook expansion next door, 1.3 million square feet. That's only 70
feet high or 75 feet high, I think. I think we need to keep an eye on the
slippery slope. At some level, I think we can get done what we need to get
done in 50 feet. The things we can't do in 50 feet are probably not going to
be doable in 55 or 60 feet either. There's a legitimate discussion of whether
it should be 100 feet or 150 feet, but that's quite a bit different than the
discussion that's framed up in this. If we're going to have that discussion,
                                                                       Page 99 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
