                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Just one clarification. It says—where'd it go? It
keeps moving.   Sorry.     Direct Staff to review the third-party review
statement. A question for Staff. Is that simply all it is, a third-party review
statement? Is there not a hydrologist or somebody that's involved? This
seems …

Vice Mayor Scharff: That is the third party.

Council Member Holman: … really wimpy.

Ms. Stump: Mayor Burt, just to clarify. We just got a note that perhaps the
construction is intended to be sequential. The structures are not proposed
to be built at the same time. Just want to clarify. If that indeed is the case,
the Council's intending us to process them then sequentially and assess the
impacts.

Mayor Burt: If they are, then that would probably alleviate most of the
concern on the aggregate impact. I would still want to have a particular
Staff review because of either potential overlap or immediately consecutive
to make sure that's not going to be deleterious.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we need to change the language or is that captured
in that, with Staff's understanding?

Ms. Stump: I think maybe we would say "any aggregate impact presented
by the construction schedule is evaluated."

Mayor Burt: Sounds good.

Ms. Stump: That way we can …

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we make that change?

AMENDMENT RESTATED:            Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to review the third party
review statement to assure that any aggregate impact presented by the
construction schedule is evaluated and not simply the individual dewatering
impact of each lot.”

Council Member Holman: The other part, if I could go back to that.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. I just want to let the Clerk know. It would be up in
the first line. Instead of the word "the," it would be "any aggregate impact
resulting from the development schedule or project." Council Member
Holman.

                                                                         Page 38 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
