                          TRANSCRIPT
50,000 square feet is requested, you're going to have a beauty contest.
Let's do it a little bit differently. Anybody that comes in with an office
development and also says they're going to use solar power gets to the head
of the line. They don't have to worry about whether they're going to be the
55,000 square feet or 5,000. They would get basically a chit that they're
going to be the first people authorized to build those buildings. Secondly, I
think you should take a look at ways you can work with various businesses
and commercial entities and large property owners and give them reductions
in other utilities, besides electricity, gas, water, whatever, in exchange for
their putting in electricity since we have our own utilities. Look at giving
these big users incentives so they will provide the solar power we need.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council for discussion and a
Motion. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: As a member of the Finance Committee, I want
to address a couple of things. One, there have been some statements made
in the public that this was done in a non-transparent way, that the Finance
Committee rammed something through. Nothing could be further from the
truth. We have the Brown Act in California. It applies to the Finance
Committee. It was done in public. It was fully transparent, meaning it was
noticed. Minutes are available. That said, I think we made a mistake. My
question for Staff is what would be the most elegant way to amend the
recommended Motion here to return to the Utilities Advisory Committee
recommendation to maintain the current price for (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I think we can handle that as a Council.

Council Member Wolbach: If another Council Member would like to make
the Motion, I'd be happy to second it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I think I can give that a shot. To me the analysis
is no different than it was in February 2014 when I voted to increase the cap
from two megawatts to three megawatts.                It's not different from the
conversation we had less than a year ago, in May 2015, when pretty much
this exact—I'm kind of having déjà vu all over again in the sense of there
being a recommendation to dramatically lower the cost per kilowatt hour. I
think Pat will talk to this, and I'll let him do it. The process was transparent.
I could quibble with some of the ways it went down, but this is the process.
The Utilities Advisory Committee recommended one thing, and Staff
recommended one thing. Normally when the UAC and the Staff recommend
the same thing, I feel pretty good about that recommendation, because
there have been a lot of times when they've been on opposite sides. Then it
                                                                          Page 64 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
