                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:       Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to Motion Part A, “if not proceed, use the grant money on
Segments D, E, and F.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll make a substitute Motion. Staff work with the
County to see if we can use the County funds to create a Class IV, protected
bike lane on Loma Verde and, if we can't, then we can put in Council
Member Schmid's language about going back and looking at just that three
segment, C, D and E.

Mayor Burt: We can't hear you too well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sorry. The concept here would be that, if we can't use
the County funds on Loma Verde, we come back and look at this one more
time, whether or not we decide to let the County funds go basically, which is
what you wanted to put in there, Council Member Schmid, if I understood
that.

Council Member Schmid: Yes, it's right above that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what we do on "A." I think the answer would be
that we—when we say focus, I would say focus on a—what are we saying?
"Focus at a crossing at Loma Verde Avenue or near Loma Verde Avenue.
Before spending any money, come back to Council."

Mr. Mello: Could we come back with a plan on how to advance the crossing,
and then let you decide whether to proceed (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, that's what I mean.

Mr. Mello: We'll come back with more concrete numbers on how much it'll
cost and what the recommended steps are to advance that project.

Council Member Schmid: You need a second.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just want to get it right. On "A," Staff work with the
County to see if we can use the County funds to create a Class IV, protected
bikeway on Loma Verde. Then Council Member Schmid's language which

                                                                      Page 60 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
