                         TRANSCRIPT
but solutions that everybody embraced. We didn't do that investment at the
outset here. We came and we've swung back with something else that is
basically the wishes of one side that is contrary to our zoning and really,
very arguably contrary to the Comp Plan. I see people here like Bob Moss
who have berated us, time and again, about not complying consistently with
zoning nor with the Comp Plan. We have to have the integrity to say, "Wait
a minute. That means we have to try to do that consistently." We can't
say, "I want you to do it when it favors me, and I want you to completely
ignore it when I want something different." There are processes even to
change zoning as well. I don't think this is a rushed process. I'm not going
to make that argument, because I think that's a fallacious argument. It's
gone through a slow, deliberate process, and it's had plenty of time. I do
want to make sure that when we go forward as a community on other
projects, we look at early engagement and meaningful involvement with the
neighborhood, and with additional interests. As a City Council, we're elected
representing the entire community, and that includes the broad community
interests. Those of us who are—most of us here on the Council and most of
us here in this room are single-family homeowners. That's only about half of
the community. We tend to think it's everybody. We tend to think we're
everybody and that we're all that matter. It's really not the case. We as
Council Members have an obligation to represent the range of interests, the
Citywide interests and the neighborhood interests. Not just the Citywide
interest which is really where we failed on this initially, and not just the
neighborhood, the immediate, single-family neighborhood interests. This is
a definition that excludes the Tam Apartments and the other apartments
adjacent, because those neighbors are not the ones who advocated for this
project.    It's a portion of the neighborhood interests that really have
determined this project. That's my best effort at being as honest as I can
about what has occurred here. My concerns about trying to make sure that
we do neither of the first extreme nor the latter extreme going forward, but
we come with a better process that will look at a balance of interests. I'll
just add when we did the SOFA neighborhood, this neighborhood embraced
a multifamily home development and an affordable housing project, and a
daycare center and we had a park. That was a big project, and it was
different from this. I don't mean to say it was identical. We asked ourselves
what are our values, and what tradeoffs are we willing to make, what are
the community values, what are our individual values, how do we reconcile
them. Out of that, we came up with something that was arguably a pretty
good outcome that certainly no one person gets to design the whole thing
and say this is exactly what I want; therefore, it's going to happen. Overall,
it'll achieve consensus. That's the sort of approach I'd like to see going
forward. Pardon the long talk on it, but I think that there was a hesitancy
on the Council to really say some of these things. Hopefully at least I've

                                                                        Page 13 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
