                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Jacobson: There's only six organizations in the whole U.S. that do these
appraisals. The Reuse Company would be one example of a company that
could go out and do the site inspection. It needs to be verified by one of
these appraisal companies.

Council Member Holman: I'm not quite getting it. There's ...

Mr. Pirnejad: (inaudible) jump in. There's two entities involved. First is the
reuse people that actually—they are the ones that can facilitate taking the
materials to where they would put them into a warehouse and have them
resold. For the tax benefits, there's only a few certified people that can
actually fill out the tax exempt forms that you would need to get the relief
from the taxes, which is one of the reasons why people would do this reuse
and this salvage process. We want to make sure the Council understands
there's two entities involved. The market is really coming up to speed in this
area. We're trying to spur it by providing the need to do these surveys.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that. I think maybe one area where I
wasn't getting either a clearer response or maybe putting my question out
clearly is there is a company called Reuse. I thought that was what you
were referring to, but perhaps not.

Mr. Pirnejad: That's correct.

Council Member Holman:          Why is it only residential as opposed to
commercial and residential?

Mr. Pirnejad: That's a great question. We have a response for you on that
as well. Melanie.

Ms. Jacobson:       The majority of demolition permits—the intent of the
requirement was that since the amount of construction that occurs in Palo
Alto is residential, that's a really good place to start, so that we could vet the
process. From a reusability perspective, the residential market is a bigger
market of items that can actually be reused compared to commercial
construction.     We wanted to understand the process, understand the
stakeholders and the opportunities. Seeing how it works out, then we could
roll it out into commercial construction, hoping that we're creating an
industry.

Council Member Holman: Go ahead, Peter.

Mr. Pirnejad: I just wanted to add that because it's a brand new industry
and we're trying to fan the flame on this, so to speak, I wanted to start
somewhere that we could easily enforce it and we would know what to do.
                                                                          Page 45 of 104
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/4/16
