                          TRANSCRIPT
Robert Neff: Thank you. I first want to say the 311 app. is terrific, and it's
a big improvement over the old system of just sending in an email and
hoping something would happen. I wonder what is the way to suggest
improvements, in particular new data sets that might be of interest to me as
a member of the public or improvements to existing data sets. I guess I
looked at some of the GIS data, and I was frustrated that exactly how to
identify the author was not clear and if there's a way to identify where to
send questions. If I thought there was an error in the data set, who should I
send that to? I don't know if that goes straight to the top or if you want to
think about putting that into the information that's there. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Reichental: Can I respond?

Mayor Burt:   I think that concludes this great Study Session.      Thank you
very much.

Mr. Reichental: Thank you very much.

4.    Prescreening of a Proposed Hotel Development at 3200 El Camino Real
      That Requires a Variance or Ordinance Amendment to Modify or
      Eliminate the 50'-0" Special Setback Along Hansen Way.

Mayor Burt:    Our next item is a prescreening of a proposed hotel
development at 3200 El Camino Real that requires a variance or Ordinance
Amendment to modify or eliminate the 50-foot special setback along Hansen
Way. Welcome, Mr. Lait.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor, good evening. Good evening, City Council. Jonathan
Lait, Assistant Director with the Planning and Community Environment
Department. I'm here with Sheldon Ah Sing with M Group. He is a
consultant planner helping us out with our development application
processing.    We'd like to present to you this evening a prescreening
application for a hotel project at 3200 El Camino Real. There's no action
being expected of the Council tonight; no formal decisions being made. The
reason this item is before you is projects that require a Legislative Action or
that include a Legislative Action come before the City Council via
prescreening. This application may require such an application. Projects
that also have some potential policy considerations also go before the City
Council. This one is an encroachment into a special setback, and we believe
that that may have some policy implications that warrant Council's input. It
is for those reasons that this item is before you tonight. This is an overview
of the property. I believe that's Communications and Power Industries (CPI)
                                                                        Page 21 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
