                          TRANSCRIPT
now either online or booked for over 50 percent of the same budget. I often
say looking in the rearview mirror is not necessarily the best way to predict
the future. I think that's maybe what we—it's hard to fully anticipate some
of these changes. What we've already witnessed, I mean, Council Member
Kniss, I have borrowed your line about driving our gas guzzling Priuses. It
just shows how our thinking has changed in the last five or 10 years in
terms of what was really progressive and possible and has started to be
outdated. Just wanted to interject that. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, Gil, I'd like to say I think you
did a really good job in putting this chart together. I think it's concrete. It
has a lot of good things for us to think about, and I really appreciate that.
First of all, I think I'd start with the big picture. I think I could support 80
percent reduction by 2030. The reason I could support that is primarily
you've shown a possible path here which gives me the confidence that we
could get there. Now, with that said, I think the thing that concerns me the
most is the way we look at electrification. I support the concept. I like the
idea, but I would like to see us model out on our gas utility what this means.
Most of our gas costs are fixed. Basically what you do is you have
volumetric pricing on a fixed asset. That means that as we sell less gas, we
will have fewer and fewer people dealing with the fixed asset cost. I forget.
I think when we went to non-laddering, we basically are now at roughly the
same price as Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) is. As we sell less gas, I am
assuming we'll rapidly escalate our costs. That's why I want you to do some
modeling. I want to see if we reduce gas sales by 20 percent in Palo Alto,
what does that look like. If we do it wrong, what's actually going to happen
is we'll end up at 150 percent of PG&E at which point our citizens are going
to say, "Why am I paying 150 percent of PG&E?" At that point, the question
becomes do we just dump our gas utility. Then PG&E comes in and runs a
gas utility here, and we lose all of that, unless there's some legal thing that
says we can deny our citizens access to gas and no one can run a gas utility.
I think as we look through this, I think we have to think about unintended
consequences and model them and understand what we're going to be
doing. I like the idea of encouraging (crosstalk) ...

Mr. Friend: Could I just respond to that one very briefly?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Mr. Friend: We're in process on a series of electrification analyses looking at
the cost of different technology options and the transition issues for the
utility. The points you're raising are exactly apt. The challenge is that we
don't just have the option of pushing electrification or staying the course,
because the market is also moving.         Electrification will become more

                                                                         Page 78 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
