                          TRANSCRIPT
who have been at our community collaborative meetings and so forth, and of
course our Mayor as well who's been a staunch advocate for youth. I also
wanted to point out the School District has also been very active and
engaged and available to me and really invested. Thank you for your time.
Feel free to contact me if you have any questions or you want to get to know
me a little bit more one on one.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Mary.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Keene: The City's Public Art program will host a unique evening event
this week with artists Bruce Beasley and Roger Stoller. That will be held on
Wednesday, May 11th, from 7:00 to 8:30 P.M. at the Mitchell Park Library.
You know Bruce Beasley's piece, of course, is the largest piece outside of the
Mitchell Park Library. Bruce Beasley also did the traveling art piece that is in
front of City Hall right now, in the circle outside of this building. This event
will be an exploration of art and technology. Bruce and Roger will discuss
the use of emergent technology in their practice. It will be moderated by
our wonderful Public Art Manager, Elise DeMarzo, and will talk about the
creative process behind their artwork including those commissioned for the
Mitchell Park Library and Community Center. This event is open to members
of the public, and it is free. I hope that folks can show up. It's that time
again. How fast the year goes by. The 94th Annual May Fete Children's
Parade will be held this Saturday, May 7th. Hopefully children and dogs
parade as last year revived that longstanding practice. The parade will start
at 10:00 A.M. on University Avenue. This year's theme is Healthy Happy
Habits in keeping with the Council's Priority of Health City Healthy
Community. Don't miss this time-honored Palo Alto tradition. Every child
and their parents are welcome to join the parade. See you all on Saturday.
The City's new Code Enforcement Officer with support from a number of
other Staff members including our Police Department has been making
progress on leaf blower violations through a combination of education and
enforcement. Flyers were sent in March utility bills, and in the month of
April Code Enforcement Staff made 32 inspections on reported gas blower
use and issued 36 letters regarding suspected violations.             The Police
Department Staff have made contact with over 20 different owners or
gardeners this past month. We collectively continue to field residents' calls
and emails. While we recognize there is still room for improvement, we are
finding that our citizens who have been notified have been quite apologetic
and typically generally unfamiliar with the regulation. Please continue to
direct complaints to the Palo Alto 311 app, and I will keep you posted on our
progress and with some more specific metrics as we go forward. Speaking
of metrics, on the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) permit
                                                                         Page 17 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
