                          TRANSCRIPT
would that look like"? Is that included in this Motion? I thought it was, but
it's not necessarily clear.

Council Member Wolbach: Just to be clear, you mean the extra 5 cents up
to using the full 10 cents?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Even if we get carbon neutrality from 4 or 5
cents, Staff's going to look into spending the full 10 cents.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you don't mind, Pat, I'd like to …

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's my question. Are you going to go analyze that
or do we need to add into the Motion a "vi" which is "analyze the best way to
use the additional 5 cents"? I don't want to necessarily say we have to use
it. It may not make sense using it. "Analyze possibilities of how we would
reduce greenhouse gas emissions relating to the gas portfolio using the
additional possible 5 cents." I'm looking for Staff's thoughts on that.

Ms. Ratchye: What we were trying to clarify is if it only costs four or five
cents, that's all we would spend. We couldn't spend more than 10. We
don't know what the price of offsets will do over time. It sounds like we're
going to come back relatively soon anyway with a potential different Plan or
maybe different options to review after we get more information. This is
kind of like the Carbon Neutral Electric Plan where Council had a rate cap of
0.15 cents a kilowatt hour, and it cost us less than 0.5. We didn't spend up
to the cap, but that's all we could spend. That's what we were viewing the
10 cents as, the cap, but we would only spend what we needed in the
beginning. At the current price of offsets, we believe that to be around 4
cents.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Go ahead.

Ms. Dailey: Let me add to what Jane said. Also included in the Plan is if a
local project is identified and if it seemed like that local project needed
additional money, more than the market price of an offset, then we would
come back to Council and get some sort of decision about how much of a
premium you would want to spend on a local project. "E" included in there
that we would be looking at other potential non-offset options.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You will be looking at other non-offset …


                                                                       Page 43 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/5/16
