                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let me just say that that could be addressed with alternates
and may be the more appropriate way to do it, rather than assume attrition.

Council Member Holman: We haven't addressed alternates at all. The other
reason is because I hear a fair amount that small business owners don't
have much of a voice. I'm trying to give them more of a voice in something
that's actually going to have potentially a very positive impact on their
ability to do business. Whether it's a restaurant or whether it's a shop of
some other kind, one of the biggest issues they face—Pat mentioned it
earlier with other entities—is getting people here, getting employees here.

Mayor Burt: I want to bear I mind that over 15 is probably too many. It
doesn't have to be an odd number. This is really going to be a consensus-
based process. They're going to have to hammer things out and either have
unanimous or a majority and minority position. It doesn't really matter
whether there's a swing vote. It could be an even number. Maybe that's
the way to address it, and we just add a small business. Let's see. Just say
two small business owners.

Council Member Holman: Just say two. Number 6 is two.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion Part A.vi. “two” before “Small Business.”

Council Member Berman: Why do we have nonprofit again?

Council Member Holman: I don't understand why we have nonprofit either.

Mayor Burt: There's a lot of non-profits in the community that are basically
small businesses, not-for-profit small businesses. That is in a way another
small business owner, but it's a not-for-profit.       That includes housing
nonprofits. Do we want to have that perspective? That's actually more of
what I was having in mind, but I didn't want to prescribe it. If we ended up
having two or three different applicants and the best applicant who's a
resident and knows about transit and is a nonprofit rep and they're not from
housing, then maybe we select that person. I didn't want to be prescriptive,
but that was certainly one of the possibilities. The nonprofit would be either
affordable housing or just other nonprofit.

Council Member Holman: That's the end of mine. I just wanted to say I
really appreciate the inclusion of the City of East Palo Alto there.

Mayor Burt: We still have this question of do we have two small business
owners and, if so, that would be six and seven to make 16.


                                                                      Page 108 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
