                          TRANSCRIPT
housing, and it still won't get built as long as there's a better return on
investment. We've already done a great deal to curtail that. That should be
viewed as part of the success of what we've done with the office cap and
other measures where we've eliminated the exemptions on parking
Downtown and curtailed Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) for
commercial. I think all those things have teed it up for being able to
actually implement some of these new housing approaches and see them
actually getting built. I do think unbundling parking is another component of
these small units. People should rent the unit; if they have a car, they rent
a parking spot.      Finally, this affordable housing overlay, I do have a
questions. It doesn't necessarily have to be answered now. This paragraph
talks about strictly carrots rather than sticks. I'm not sure why we couldn't
create some form of an overlay that has certain requirements, not just
carrots. I'm not sure that we'd want to have an overlay that is exclusively
affordable. I don't want to see ghettos of certain housing types. As Council
Member Holman talked about, in the SOFA areas we really deliberately
looked at integrating affordable housing in neighborhoods and embracing it,
but not putting big islands in town that are all affordable. If we had an
overlay that required a certain percentage to be affordable under whatever
development standards we have, I think we could increase the proportion of
affordable housing and get it in a right mixture. I think that's an interesting
approach. I see Vice Mayor Scharff has his light—I suspect you're going to
try and put something forward here. We're now after 11:00 p.m. I'm not
sure how easily we're going to be able to move forward if we want to have
actual direction rather than guidance. I'm open to hearing what Vice Mayor
Scharff has in mind. Unless we are able to pull this together, we're going to
have to figure how we will move from what I think has been a really good
discussion to actually the guidance on what we want to do on the housing
sites, what we want to support in Comp Plan housing policies and programs
and what we might want to do before the Comp Plan is complete. Those are
the three open issues in my mind. I do think that there's moderate amount
of consensus on the various directions that would be constructive. I think
more than maybe a lot of us thought we would have six months or a year
ago. I want to also commend Staff for coming forward with a whole set of
alternatives that were framed in ways that allowed us and the public to
really start sinking our teeth into it. Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I actually did want to know how many units
in San Antonio Center are we talking about moving? If we did those three
sites. I didn't see a number.

Ms. Gitelman: We calculated there were about 250 units in the Housing
Element in San Antonio Center and the very end of South El Camino Real.

                                                                        Page 94 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
