                         TRANSCRIPT
Rhyena Halpern, Community Services Assistant Director: Good evening,
Mayor and Council. I'm Rhyena Halpern, Assistant Director for Community
Services. It's my pleasure tonight to introduce to you the Palo Alto Players.
Tonight we have with us the Managing Director, Diana Berenstein. We have
Elizabeth Santana, the Development Director, and the Artistic Director,
Patrick Klein, who's going to speak to you. Because Council Member Kniss
was so disappointed last time we came with West Bay Opera that we didn't
have live entertainment, we have some for you tonight. With that, I'm
going to turn this over to our partners and good friends at the Palo Alto
Players. Patrick.

Patrick Klein, Palo Alto Players: Thank you, Rhyena. Good evening, Mayor
Burt and Council Members. Thank you so much for having us here this
evening. Long before there was Silicon Valley, there was Palo Alto Players.
On the night of June 29, 1931, over 100 actors, directors and enthusiastic
community members gathered at the Palo Alto Community House, now
MacArthur Park Restaurant, to mount a theater revival. Within a month,
they had organized the Players, and within a year they were performing
plays, original works by local authors and the famous melodrama, Ten
Nights in a Bar-Room. The admission price was 25 cents. Sitting in the
front row of that evening's performance was Lucie Stern. It was her love and
devotion for the Players that gave us our permanent home in 1933. Eighty-
five years and 472 productions later, Palo Alto Players now employs over
200 local artists each season, that live and work in this community. It's
proud to have its programming enjoyed by over 14,000 audience members
annually. Much has changed in the 85 years since Palo Alto Players began,
but the Players' commitment to theater born of the community and for the
community has not wavered. On Saturday, April 9th, we celebrate our 85th
anniversary with a gala benefit at the Lucie Stern ballroom. We invite you to
come and show your support for your local theater company, because this is
not just a celebration of our artistic achievements. It's a celebration of you
and our City leaders that help make the work we do possible. Our next
production is the modern classic, Into the Woods, by Stephen Sondheim and
James Lapine. Our innovative production will perform April 22nd through
May 8th. Following that, we have the Tony Award-winning Best Play Vanya
and Sonia and Masha and Spike by celebrated satirist Christopher Durang.
That performs in June. We also hope that you will join us starting in
September for our 2016-2017 season which is entitled "From Stage to
Screen and Back Again," celebrating plays that have seen enormous success
both on screen and on the stage. We're grateful to you all for having us
here this evening and for your continued support of the performing arts
through your patronage, advocacy and philanthropy. For a taste of what
you're going to see at the Lucie Stern next month and Into the Woods, here

                                                                       Page 21 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
