                          TRANSCRIPT
to be 50 feet just because maximum height limit is 50 feet. That's not the
intent.

Council Member Filseth: I guess the question I'm asking is could you use
that clause, Number D, to argue for compatibility with a building that isn't
there.

Ms. French: Sure. If there was an approved project that wasn't there yet
but it had already been approved, that would be a good example of that.

Council Member Filseth:    That makes sense.     How about one that has not
been approved?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, I think you're right. It probably could, because you might
have a new development and the adjacent building may be a smaller, one-
story building that never reached its development potential, like a garage or
something. Without passing judgment one way or the other on that, I think
it probably could be used in that context.

Council Member Filseth: That seems a little bit problematic. I think your
example of something that's already been approved, then yeah, very clearly.
It should be. Given that we don't always necessarily say we automatically
approve everything that builds to the absolute numerical limits of zoning,
there's other factors involved. That seems a little bit problematic to me. I
don't know. What do you think?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'd like to go back to the Council revisions on 312,
2A, B, C, D and ask a question of the PTC Rep. I guess I noted at the PTC
meeting two of the six Commissioners voted against the new Findings as
being vague and not really addressing issues. I wonder if I could get a
comment from the PTC Rep.

Mr. Lait: As Greg's coming up, I'll offer just sort of my recollection on that.
It was similar to the first question that we heard from Council Member
Berman about the subjectivity of the Findings and the challenge of wanting
to have a little more predictability for the reviewers and applicants going
through the process. The nature of the ARB Findings and any Findings,
frankly, is that there is a fair measure of subjectivity to it. I think that's
what the objection was. Perhaps Commissioner Tanaka can provide more to
that.

Greg Tanaka, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: I actually think
that was very well said. Just to make a correct, it was actually one
                                                                        Page 90 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
