                          TRANSCRIPT
with the City and being a part of the Downtown community for years to
come.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robert Moss to be followed by our final speaker,
Robert Wheatley.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I've been a big
fan of preserving ground-floor retail for decades. I think doing it is a good
idea. About a year and a half ago you did that Citywide. I'm puzzled by the
proposal that Staff has before you tonight. Successful ground-floor retail
requires a variety of uses, not just retail but also some services and some
other types of uses. I'm rather puzzled as to why we have, if this is
adopted, three different retail zones. We'd have the Citywide zone, which is
what was adopted almost a year and a half ago. We'd have a much
narrower zone only on University Avenue, and then we'd have something
intermediate in the rest of Downtown. I don't see any rational reason for
doing that. Ground-floor retail should be something that you understand no
matter where you are in the City. If you're going to do this, I would expand
the University to include auto dealers and travel agencies. If you continue
to adopt the Staff Report on the side streets, I'd include service stations and
auto services. I'm kind of puzzled about where some things would fit that
are Downtown, that are quite viable. For example, financial institutions.
University Avenue has Fidelity, and it has Union Bank. I use both of them.
How will they fit in? Will they be forced to leave? If they are, where do they
go? One of the things that you have to bear in mind, when you do these
sorts of things, is you can have unintended consequences. If you put
restrictions on, how many businesses, how many properties would be
nonconforming along University, along Downtown in general and Citywide?
How long would they have to leave? If they left, where would they go?
Stanford Shopping Center? Mountain View? Something like this has to be
looked at very carefully and thought out very thoroughly. Putting on
restrictions up to a point is fine. If you exceed that point, you can destroy
businesses in the entire area. I'd just say be very, very careful before you
adopt these limits.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Robert Wheatley. Welcome.

Robert Wheatley: Hello, Council. Thank you for the opportunity to talk to
you about it. Could we put the map back up for me? Thank you. I think
when you see the map—I look at that, and I've enjoyed Palo Alto all my life.
I was born and raised here and got haircuts on University, got every other
service up and down there, bought toys there, whatever it is. I totally agree
with preserving those retail districts that are vibrant, walking, trafficked,
retail districts. What the City has done in recreating University and also

                                                                       Page 76 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
