                         TRANSCRIPT
David Moss: Thank you very much, Biggs and Cardosa, for doing such a
fantastic job on that baseline design. I would encourage the Council to
accept that, because we've been waiting a long time for this bridge. I would
like it to go as fast possible. If the baseline is really beautiful, we should
just stick with that and not have to hash through the options and
alternatives that you proposed. I would encourage you to do the baseline as
quickly as possible. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeff Saunders, to be followed
by Rich Ellson.

Jeff Saunders: Hello. West Bayshore north of this location is a very
treacherous path for bicycles. It's zoned at 35 miles an hour, but the typical
vehicle speed is closer to 50. You've got the standard bike lanes on either
side of that traffic. The Girls' Middle School has further exacerbated traffic
on that stretch. The sidewalk is actually not Americans with Disabilities Act
(ADA) compliant. There's fire hydrants and other things in the midst of the
sidewalk along that entire stretch.        Just on the other side of those
businesses is a City easement called Sterling Canal, which used to be an
open lateral between Adobe Creek and Matadero Creek. Part of that has
already been improved as a walking trail north of Loma Verde, dead-ending
at Matadero Creek. You could very easily enhance this whole project and
take all the bicycle and pedestrian traffic off of West Bayshore onto Sterling
Canal by putting bridge connections on the western approach. That would
address Mayor Burt's concern about that radius turn by taking northbound
traffic back around beside the Google building to Sterling Canal, and then
Sterling Canal all the way up to Matadero Creek. Put a bridge at Matadero
over to the Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) substation, and that takes you all
the way to Greer Park off of West Bayshore. It would allow all pedestrian
and bicycle traffic to use Sterling Canal rather than West Bayshore. Then,
you could restripe West Bayshore to improve the Girls' Middle School
location and reduce traffic concerns there. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Next speaker is Rich Ellson, to be followed by
Penny Ellson.

Rich Ellson: Hello, Council Members. I'm delighted to be here again to
speak to you about this issue. I've been working to acquire funding. I
spoke to Liz Kniss when she was at the County about acquiring some funds
for this bridge a long time ago. A fundraising proposal I wish I had thought
of was for every day that I had to ride over the San Antonio bridge because
the tunnel was closed, I should have had a $10,000 fee per day. If I had
done that about the time that we went in 2011 to speak to you about getting
money from the County and you had given the money to me, I could fund

                                                                        Page 68 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
