                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: That's right. Going back to the current methodology would
not address some of the objectives we had for this fee update. It would
actually end up in the prototypes we've been discussing costing the
developer more than if we went with the $50 fee in the Motion.

Council Member Kniss:       That's exactly what we want as the desired
outcome. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Dubois: I know it's getting late. I just feel like I need to
respond. I asked this question. I think, Hillary, you said the operational
costs of sticking with this far outweighed the benefits of sticking with it. For
that reason, I don't think I'm going to support the amendment.

Mayor Burt: I think for reasons stated by members of the public who are
affordable housing advocates, it's a tough call, but I'm not going to support
this amendment. It's less clear to me, but I'm not going to do it. Let's vote.
That fails on a 6-2 with Council Members Wolbach and Scharff—Kniss,
excuse me, voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Kniss, Wolbach yes

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                 Council Member DuBois moved,
seconded by Council Member Holman to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance updating the City’s Below Market Rate (BMR)
      Housing Program by repealing Municipal Code Section 16.47 (non-
      residential projects) and 18.14 (residential projects) and adding a new
      Section 16.65 (Citywide Affordable Housing Requirements); and

B.    Adopt an Ordinance establishing housing impact fees and housing in-
      lieu fees for residential, nonresidential, and mixed use developments;
      and

C.    Find these actions exempt from the California Environmental Quality
      Act (CEQA) per Sections 15378(b)(4), 15305 and 15601(b)(3) of the
      State CEQA Guidelines; and

D.    Accept the Planning and Transportation Commissions’ recommendation
      that Market Rate Rental Housing be charged a fee of $20 per square
      foot.

Mayor Burt: Let's return to the main Motion. Are we done with discussion?
Let's vote on it. That passes 5-3 with Council Members Wolbach, Vice Mayor

                                                                          Page 78 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
