                      ACTION MINUTES
B.      Direct Staff to return to Council with S/CAP Implementation Plans; and

C.      Direct Staff to make its best effort to incorporate Council Member
        comments.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

10.     Review of the Draft Land Use & Community Design Element of the
        Comprehensive Plan Update Recommended by the Citizens Advisory
        Committee.

Council Member DuBois advised that he will not participate in this Agenda
Item as it relates to citywide land use decisions that could impact Stanford
University due to a source of income from Stanford University. He left the
meeting at 7:56 P.M.

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 9:27 P.M.

Mayor Burt left the meeting at 9:39 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to:

A.      Immediately clarify with Placeworks | DCE that Council’s intention in
        Scenario 5 was a low jobs scenario; and

B.      Reduce the jobs forecast an amount corresponding to the reduction in
        office space square footage, and attempt to accommodate that work
        within the existing budget.

MOTION FAILED: 4-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid yes, Burt absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Kniss reported she and Vice Mayor Scharff attended a
meeting in San Jose where the City received the Santa Clara County
Department of Public Health 2016 Healthy Cities Campaign Award for Best in
Active & Safe Communities. The Award recognizes Palo Alto’s healthy food
and beverage environment, efforts towards becoming a tobacco free
community, and various crosscutting strategies. The City also received
Exemplary City Award recognizing the City’s Safe Routes to School Program.


                                                                            Page 5 of 6
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                              Action Minutes: 11/28/16
