                          TRANSCRIPT
1601 has been adequately characterized and stated that concern about
potential existence of TCE in the College Terrace neighborhood is a separate
issue that does not affect the approval of Stanford's 1601 site plan. In
conclusion, our request is that, based on DTSC's approval of our revised
layout, you approve amendment of our subdivision plan to enable us to
implement this mitigation and not have to stop work in the area over the
summer.      Representatives of DTSC are here this evening to answer
questions about analysis and mitigation at the site and the remaining work
before closure. Also present are the professionals from Haley and Aldrich,
the firm that performed the environmental investigation and analysis, who
can also comment on methodological questions about College Terrace's
sampling. Annette Walton, Director, Stanford Environmental Management,
is here this evening as well. Finally to conclude this presentation, we would
like to have our land use attorney, Julie Jones, say a few words about how
the process fits within the Development Agreement and the EIR. Thank you.

Julie Jones, Stanford University Land Use Counsel: Good evening. I'm Julie
Jones, land use counsel for Stanford on this project. I was actually involved
in the preparation or work on the EIR back in 2005 for the Mayfield
Development Agreement. I wanted to provide a little bit of background on
that Agreement and on the EIR for it, just to be clear about where we are in
the process. As Chris mentioned, in 2005 it was known that none of the
residential development under the Mayfield Development Agreement would
occur until at least 2013 when the leases on the existing properties would
expire. It was always known that more work would need to be done and
more analysis would need to be done when those properties became
available. The properties were characterized. It was known that there was
contamination at both of the properties, both for the BMR housing and for
this project, for the upper California housing, and that TCE was a commonly
used substance in the Research Park. What the EIR did was it identified
potentially significant impacts to residents, to construction workers and to
the public if levels were at a certain rate and if it could escape. There were
three mitigation measures included in the EIR to call for further investigation
and compliance with the regulatory agency requirements. In this case,
DTSC is the regulatory agency. What the EIR concluded based on those
mitigation measures was that any impacts would be reduced to less than
significant.    Where we are right now is asking whether there is new
information, as has been suggested, that would undermine that mitigation
measure. Should I continue?

Mayor Burt: Try and take a moment to wrap up. You'll have a rebuttal time
...

Ms. Jones: I will take a moment to wrap up.
                                                                         Page 20 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
