                          TRANSCRIPT
Betty Seto, DNV GL: They are based on the Comp. Plan business as usual
assumptions for population.

Council Member DuBois: We're still talking about what assumptions to use
for the Comp. Plan.

Mr. Friend: Which takes us to that question.

Mr. Keene: We didn't model for different assumptions and that sort of thing.

Mr. Friend: You talked about parking being 2,000 spots behind. I think that
as the demand pattern shift both through pricing of parking and the rise of
these other alternatives, we may see that shift. These are some of the
things we need to figure out. In fact, we're asking you to decide whether or
not to add more parking capacity now in the face of a future where there
may be less demand. We can't time the markets. You're going to have to
make a judgment call on that.        I think we need more analysis and
understanding there. Similarly for the question of the new garage. To your
point about the ROI chart that combines those two, we're working on that.
We've recognized that need, and we're trying to find the most effective way
to get that to you.

Council Member DuBois: Again, comments. In terms of a target number, I
don't like that to be the focus upfront. I'm an engineer, so I want to see a
goal based on data and facts. I understand the concept of a stretch goal. I
think that's goal, but I really want to understand the basis for it, not that we
have to see how we get there 100 percent. I think understanding that ROI
is a big part of it. I think with just a little bit more information, we could get
to a goal. I don't necessarily want to adopt a goal and then revise it again.
This is a goal for 2030. I don't want to adopt a goal, and then next year say
we were off that soon. I think we would stick with it. In terms of what
information I'd like to see. Macro trends, I think we're getting a lot of that
which is great. I think some specific evaluation criteria would be good.
Things like how leverage-able are investments; is it standalone for
sustainability or does it have other benefits that are in line with City
Priorities; the degree of impact. I think some rating like if a measure
impacts Palo Alto locally or has a bigger impact regionally. Indication on
finance. It'd be good to have some discussion if there are areas where we
think grants are available. That might raise the priority. Private sector
funding. Quality of life impact. You indicate some of these could actually
increase, so I think that would be a great measure to kind of score these
different programs. Also, some measure of kind of inertia, like how much
does it cost to change. I think it would be interesting to have scoring criteria
aligned with a lot of these programs. In terms of electrification, I had the

                                                                          Page 87 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/25/16
