                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I'll just associate my views with those of the Vice
Mayor.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask Staff to comment on basically how they would view
the value of accepting the initially proposed Guidelines even with an
understanding that the Council would like to come back and subsequently
refine them. Does it do us a moderate amount of good, aside from the
$37,000. Just on a substantive level, is this existing text going to benefit
our ability to address our issues that come up on review of properties on an
interim basis?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. We do feel like the Guidelines
as originally transmitted to you do have value. The only thing I'd say is
when we came back to discuss potential amendments at a later date, we
could also at that time discuss next steps like potential adjustments to the
IR Guidelines and the Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Do we have to pay again to file an update?

Ms. Gitelman: Pardon me?

Council Member DuBois: Would there be additional fees if we go to amend
this after we submit it?

Ms. Gitelman: If we require the consultant's assistance, we would end up
having to pay for that.

Mayor Burt: I think he's talking about the State filing, the $37,000 or that's
a reimbursement for the consultant?

Council Member DuBois: That's just consultant fees.

Ms. Gitelman: That a reimbursement.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just not sure it's better to accept it as is as.
Council Member Kniss pointed out, people in the community had concerns.
We really haven't discussed it. The three of you have talked about it, and
we're just going to pass it. I was also hoping we would have a little bit of a
discussion about this idea of Individual Review. It's been discussed for a
long time.

Mayor Burt:     Again, I will say that the three of us who did speak
extensively—I was deliberately trying to have the conversation not go into
specific substance of the Guidelines and only illustrative ...
                                                                       Page 79 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
