                          TRANSCRIPT
ways a reframing and re-characterization and maybe a different look at
something that was actually rejected by the Council previously, which was
the Net Zero proposal. A previous Council had said, "That's scare. We don't
like it." I think we've now realized that the focus here is on quality of life.
The focus is on net zero impacts on the neighborhood. I hope I didn't just
jinx it by pointing that out. I always like the net zero, and I think this is
good. I appreciated Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member DuBois for
putting this together and those who have added amendments. Regarding
housing which is not mentioned here at all, I understand there's a meeting
coming up at which we're going to discuss housing. I'm very much looking
forward to that as you can all guess. In the Staff Report, it says that we can
do—basically there's the invitation to offer and direct a fifth scenario for
about $150,000. Is this our last chance to add a sixth scenario for $50,000?
There's basically a two-for-one deal which is the first new scenario is 150
grand. Another new scenario beyond that is an additional fifty grand. What
I'm concerned about is that we've lost sight of the core direction that we
offered back in January which was to actually talk about jobs/housing
imbalance. I understand that some people have maybe changed their views
on that since then, referring to it as a straw man or red herring. I still think
that the jobs/housing imbalance is important. Scenario Four and Scenario
Three had quite a bit more housing, but they also add a lot of jobs so they
really don't address that. I don't think that housing and housing cost and
housing to jobs balance are impacts that need to be mitigated, that are
identified here. I'm very concerned that the idea of some kind of a moon
shot jobs/housing balance will not be studied by a fifth scenario as described
here. I'd like to see either an amendment that does that or possibly a sixth
scenario which would really refocus on what I thought we were going to be
talking about tonight, which was jobs/housing imbalance. The question is do
we need to do that tonight or can we do that following our discussion about
housing. I think tonight is the night to do that, though.

Mr. Keene: Could I just jump? First of all, I understand the point. I think it
would be a mistake at this stage to add a sixth scenario. Let us come back.
I mean, you will look at what is offered, and you'll be able to decide whether
or not the scenario you're settling on is complete enough. Secondly, I'm
just going back to something that Council Member Filseth said. The more
general this is in some ways, the easier it is for us. Unless the Council would
say something differently, I didn't see that the focus on quality of life and
the kinds of things you've said in general related to housing and for different
demographics or whatever is precluded by what this motion is here because
it's not explicitly called out. We're not coming back with the fifth scenario.
We're going to bring back some more details and some ways of framing
these things that will enable you to settle on that. If you really feel that it's
necessary, then I would say you better tell us. I was planning on being sure
                                                                          Page 73 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
