                          TRANSCRIPT
for Downtown. If we don't believe that that's even remotely achievable,
then we have an obligation to revise that Policy. I know that Council
Member Kniss was one of the people who actually spearheaded that. We've
got to realize that our old thinking—when you and others put forward this
TMA with this goal, it said no, we actually believe and must address a whole
new way that we do things so that we don't have that direct correlation
between either housing or jobs and trips. I think that's what we're really
looking at. We've had our Study Session and our S/CAP Summit. In each of
those, we all went through looking at what the future could look like, both
what we could do by turning knobs on addressing this, and what's changing
in part regardless of what we do. There was some very fundamental
changes. We all know that we have a lot of millennials who not only don't
have cars, they don't bother to have driver's licenses. Twenty years ago,
when we had urban planners tell us that if we densified Downtown, we'd
have a certain amount fewer trips. They were right to some degree, but it
wasn't going to be the kind of change that we might have going forward.
Just to give a scenario so people are thinking about, as we go into housing
Downtown, one of the real advantages of having adopted a Residential
Permit Parking Program is that we can do some things we never could do
before. If we previously had said, "We think that if we have very small units
Downtown of studios and one-bedrooms, small units, we'll get people who
will drive less." In going forward in the future, they might drive a lot less.
We'd have a real distrust. What happens if that fails? They're just going to
park in the neighborhoods. We can now approve projects, whether they're
commercial or residential, in the Downtown areas and say they're not
eligible to buy RPP permits. It has to manage that. The developer will have
to park for what they know or they can't rent the dang places. That's a new
way of thinking on it. I just want us to break free from some of our
antiquated ways of looking at things that were right in their day and aren't
right today. We don't know exactly what the future's going to bring in terms
of how far this is going to be able to go. I think that anybody who says, "It's
a piece of cake. We're going to be able to reduce it by 30 percent," or do all
these things, that's maybe in part wishful thinking. I'd say it's uncertain. It
may be achievable, but nobody quite knows it because we haven't done it
yet and neither have others. We certainly see very strong trend lines. I
want to encourage us to not blindly assume that everything will take care of
itself and also not assume that the past determines the future. On that
note, I'll support the motion. I see we've got some people who want to
speak again to this motion. Let's be real brief. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. Let me say I think I agree with just
about everything that the Mayor just said. Stepping back and looking at
this—I like this by the way. I do like this Motion. Thank you for giving me a
chance to speak to it. What's interesting is this Motion is essentially in many
                                                                         Page 72 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
