                         TRANSCRIPT
year as well, so they're being used. For our overall statistics in comparison,
Library visits were up slightly overall, which is the first real year with new
libraries open. This is 2014-2015 Fiscal Year. We led other communities in
visits and in circulation per capita. Program attendance was also up.
Although, we're low in population—somewhat low in comparison to the other
ten cities that we check against, we're high in collection sites, hours open,
number of public access computers, virtual visits and circulation per capita.
We're going back to my bullets. Popular teen destinations. We have online
access to the Library as well as physical access to the Library, and social
media outreach through Facebook and Twitter.             Here we have more
engagement in the Library. We want to specially notice the Bike Palo Alto
Library Services (PALS) program. I don't know if you guys have heard about
the Bike PALS program. This upper right-hand corner picture shows the Bike
PALS bike, and it's physically in evidence at the back of the room. Please
feel free to visit, check it out. Monique, you said that we had 2,500? Go
ahead.

Monique le Conge Ziesenhenne, Library Director: I am Monique le Conge
Ziesenhenne, the Library Director. In the first month of having it out, we
estimate that we reached about 2,500 people in the month of September
through using the bike at the Moonlight Walk, at a Paly Club Day, different
things like that. If you have your picture taken on it, which you should do,
there's a hashtag so that you can post it. We'll add it to our photographs.
Thanks.

Chair Loy: Thank you, Monique. Other little items just to check in the—is
my cursor going to work? This picture over here is one of the study rooms
at Rinconada. We have study rooms in all the libraries. Some pictures from
Downtown. Pictures from College Terrace and Children's Library. The
Library really has outstanding programs. This picture set, collage, just
shows a little bit of something about the programs that we have. We have
the New Americans program. I think I'm now changing the wrong slide. We
have the New Americans program at the upper left-hand corner. Our
firefighters that we've seen before. You can that there's an advertisement
for a presentation from Google on digital awareness. More New Americans,
and even some handwritten signs pointing out things like our knitting
program. It's a very diverse set of programs. Neat things are happening at
the Library. Community engagement is up 32 percent for preschool and
elementary children and 66 percent for teens year over year. The programs
and attendance are up significantly. We actually had 38.5 increase in
numbers of programs, programs that are offered, with a 19 percent overall
increase in attendance. As I mentioned earlier, the New Americans program
is a program that the Library started. Let's see. Family program series
designed for new Americans and visitors to learn the customs and values of
                                                                        Page 4 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
