                         TRANSCRIPT
the restaurant industry implemented after local minimum wages went into
effect. It allows tips to be pooled among front-of-house employees and
back-of-house employees. Just recently a legal decision came down that
said that unless you are in the course of serving the table, you're not
entitled to receive tips under a tip pooling arrangement. That eliminated the
ability of certain back-of-house employees to receive tips under this tip
pooling arrangement. The restaurants have found it's another hurdle for
them to overcome in this regard. That hits the primary legal issues that we
wanted to cover tonight. I'll turn it back to David for the wrap-up.

Mr. Ramberg: The wrap-up really is just reminding the Council of the Policy
and Services recommendation and then turn it back to you guys. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before hearing from the public, do we have any
technical questions of Staff? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: There is mention in the Staff presentation; I've
also heard from members of the business community about this question of
doing some kind of economic study. I just wanted to have a little bit more
clarity about that as far as when that would happen, would that be Palo Alto
specific or Santa Clara County specific. Are we thinking after we've gone
through all of our ramping up, we're at $15 an hour, then looking back and
saying, "What has the impact of this been?" What's the idea there?

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. This
was a recent discussion in the outreach. It was not something Staff has
proposed to you. We're basically conveying the information. If you want to
entertain that, we would have to explore it further as to what kind of firms
would be out there, what type of expense, what would be the criteria, what
would be the period of measure and what would be the process of
disseminating and analyzing that information.

Council Member Wolbach: Looking at Slide 4 of the Staff presentation this
evening, it identifies minimum wage increases in neighboring cities.
Looking, I think, at the most relevant two neighboring cities—the most
relevant cities for Palo Alto are probably Sunnyvale and Mountain View. I
just want to make sure I'm clear. It says that both Mountain View and
Sunnyvale are going to $13 an hour on January 1st of this coming year, in
three months, and then $15 an hour by 2018. Do we know when in
calendar year 2018 Mountain View and Sunnyvale are going to $15 an hour?
Is that January 1st, December 1st, July 1st? Do we know when during the
year?


                                                                      Page 65 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
