                          TRANSCRIPT
architecture. I think a place like Stanford has done a phenomenal job with
that. As we look next door, they're a great example. The cost and
availability of housing is an issue. I actually believe we can do more with
availability than we can do with cost. We really do want to continue to have
a vibrant—we want to have an economically diverse City, and I think that
takes a lot of conscious effort, and there's a lot of support from the Palo Alto
community. Buena Vista is just one example of how we really want to
maintain that and how far we're willing to go. This Comprehensive Plan is
another opportunity for us as well. I think the office cap has in some ways
been misinterpreted. I think the office cap is really about the fact that
because our business environment is so successful and the companies have
so much money, I mean, just look at Palantir.             They're a home run
company, and they're just doing phenomenally well. What happens is, with
all this economic success, it means that when there's a site that can be
developed, office is being put there instead of, let's say, multiunit housing
where we can put more elderly, where we can put more workers. The rate
of workers, as we can see in all these scenarios, is growing faster than the
number of people who will be living in Palo Alto over the next 15 years. One
thing I challenge all of you—I think you'll all be very popular if you do this.
If the Comprehensive Plan Update ends up with a scenario where we think
we will add more people than jobs over the next 15 years because of
creating high-quality housing, I think you'll all be very popular. Just as an
example of mitigating, something you guys just did which I think is a great
example of that, Stanford Research Park is an office park. It was meant for
office. Residents are concerned about the traffic. When you approved 1050,
you approved a beautiful building, but you asked them to reduce the traffic—
I think you required, which is what we believe is necessary—from the
existing levels, because the existing levels in many ways are not
satisfactory. We want to actually improve a little bit from where we are
today over the 15 years. I want to thank you for that. We need smart
growth. I believe together we can all make this happen as part of the
Comprehensive Plan Update. Thank you.

Mr. Garber: Thanks, Hamilton. Adrian, Don and then Amy. Anyone else?
Shani?

Adrian Fine, CAC Member: Hello. Thank you all very much for this
opportunity to convene. My name is Adrian Fine; I'm a member of the
Planning Commission, born and raised here in Palo Alto. I'm professionally
trained as a City Planner, but I currently work in a tech company. I've got a
range of comments. Excuse me as I look down to read them. First of all,
the CAC, it's really an honor to serve with all my fellow Committee Members.
There's really a high level of engagement and intellect on this Committee. If
you get the chance, I'd encourage you all to come. I also want to thank our
                                                                             Page 66 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
