                          TRANSCRIPT
cover the cost during Phase One as the site did not have the available
budget. As a neighborhood public school that supports student learning in
the Palo Alto community, I request that the staff is exempt from paying for
the parking permits if this program continues. I plan to discuss alternate
forms of transportation with my staff and recommended TDM measures, but
it will take time to explore these options with the staff. As a public school,
we cannot afford the ongoing costs, and I would like to see District funding
spent on the education of our students instead of parking permits. Please
consider our request to issue free permits to the Addison school staff during
Phase Two of the Residential Parking Permit Program if it continues.
Furthermore, placing a cap or eliminating employee parking will most
certainly have a negative impact on the recruitment and maintenance of
qualified staff willing to teach the students at Addison Elementary School.
Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.         Next speaker is Allen Akin, to be
followed by Deborah Weyler.

Allen Akin: Good afternoon. I am Allen Akin; I live at the intersection of
Lincoln and Waverley in Professorville. My first comment is about the cap on
employee permits. We need to fund the TMA, and we need to implement
the driving reduction programs that it will define for us. I don't believe that
will happen without incentives. The permit limit should be a very effective
incentive. Now, we can negotiate the reduction schedule, but to succeed I
believe we'll need to commit to some reduction and start it in a timely
fashion. Second, I have heard that some employers have chosen not to
subsidize parking permits or other transportation for their employees. Given
the transportation systems we have now, Downtown is already too dense.
Until that imbalance is fixed, some costs of doing business Downtown are
going to go up. The cost of getting employees to work is one of those costs.
I think all employers are going to have to step up to the plate on this.
Finally, please schedule a progress review more quickly than a year from the
initiation of Phase Two. Ninety to 120 days would be great. Once we see
how things are going, we'll need to talk more about the occupancy rates,
about how employee parking is distributed, and whether we need to do
anything about two hour re-parking. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Deborah Weyler, to
be followed by Eric Beamesderfer.

Female: Deborah had to leave (inaudible).

Council Member Schmid: Deborah is gone. Thank you. Next speaker then
is Eric Beamesderfer, to be followed by Rob Fischer.

                                                                         Page 15 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
