                          TRANSCRIPT
That would fit the definition of housing in the transit corridor. Portage
Avenue, I would encourage you to go shop there. I've shopped there
before, and if Mr. Levinsky can buy something from this warehouse and I
have, then you can probably too. The fact that they don't have enough
parking spaces hasn't prevented them from running a business. I don't
think that should even be considered at all. The Park Avenue, the owners
when they brought this property, they knew what the property used to be.
Things should be considered, but you should hold this ordinance and
strengthen it so that everybody doesn't come before you with a sad story.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       We'll now return to the Council for discussion.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Thank you to all the members of the
public who have come this evening to speak to us. Where to start? I guess
for lack of any specific place to start, it's better than another. I want to
address the suggestion about schools. I never remember the name of the
school, but the school that's on El Camino where Los Robles runs right into
it. My concern is schools, especially on primary streets, just create dead
spaces.    Winter's still here and lives in Barron Park; maybe she can
remember the name of the school. It really is kind of the death knell to
creating active spaces. Private schools want to have private space. That's a
concern about that. The other concern I have about that is that in several
locations, especially in the SOFA area and other industrial areas—Mayor Burt
and I have talked about this—there are toxics that are likely present onsite.
Without the minimum of a Conditional Use Permit, we have no way to
protect sensitive receptors who might be on that site from the toxics from
automotive use, for instance, on those sites. Schools on primary streets like
El Camino, Middlefield, for instance, Alma, I can't support. They wouldn't be
able to support University Avenue. Except there's another example of this.
We get many complaints about this. Institute for the Future is a great
entity, but people are not happy that Institute for the Future is not retail and
it's in the location that it is. It was an interpretation that Staff made to
allow them to be there. It's not retail. As much as I really like it and
appreciate the people there, it's not a good consideration as retail. I don't
remember who this was. Maybe it was Council Member Scharff who talked
about hair and nail salons. I would put in that gyms as well ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, I want to let you continue, but we
had discussed earlier how we might structure the discussion, whether we
would want to go into looking at the broad direction to Staff on both the
permanent ordinance and guidelines on how to proceed on the interim and
then specific action on the waiver before us tonight. I just want to look back
                                                                        Page 70 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
