                         TRANSCRIPT
About 65 minutes ago, my telephone rang. I was one of the citizens that
has been chosen for the Transportation Tax poll. I went through a litany of
very good questions that are being asked the public on what they think
about this, what they think about that. Needless to say, the foundation for
part of—one of the tax options is a business head tax based upon the
integrity and vitality of the Business Registry. I'll close on that comment. I
think the Business Registry has a real future for this City and for the
residents to solve problems and set policy, but the City Staff are fighting
with one hand tied behind their back with lack of resources. I hope you and
the Finance Committee will pay careful attention to it. I have poured over
the integrity of the data. We could go on more than Jeff mentioned. You
don't want to dig too deeply in it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: That you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

2.   Approval of Action Minutes for the April 4, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: The next Item on the Agenda is Approval of Minutes from the
April 4th, 2016 meeting. Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to approve the Action Minutes for the April 4, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Council Member Kniss, second by Council
Member Berman. I see no discussion. Please vote on the board. That
passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next Item is the Consent Calendar. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would be delighted to move the Consent Calendar
but with the exception of Number Three which is the approval of a Concept
Plan for Bikes and Pedestrian Improvements, etc.

Council Member Holman: Second.

Council Member Schmid: Second.
                                                                        Page 10 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
