                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is a big deal to Palo Alto. I believe in the
next RHNA cycle—I'll go out on a limb—that our housing allocation will be
closer to like 4,000 units than the 2,000 we currently have. I actually do
think this is a big deal to us. I would encourage Stanford and Staff to start
thinking about that and working towards that as soon as possible. I just
wanted to get some commitment from Stanford that, if we're supportive of
this, Stanford will be supportive of us getting some credit for the RHNA
allocation.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I didn't see a nod of head or any response to Vice
Mayor Scharff's last question, last query.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was waiting for a response. I appreciate that.

Council Member Holman: Jean, would you care to...

Ms. McCown: I think we're absolutely open-minded to it just as we were
before. This may not be exactly right. We may be a little bit agnostic as
between how Palo Alto and the County want to kind of share this. We're
obviously motivated; our self-interest is getting these units online for our
students. How that serves your RHNA needs and the County's RHNA needs,
we're open to talking about that, absolutely.

Council Member Holman: Based on that, we're open to saying yes to your
project. Anyway, Council Member Filseth and Vice Mayor Scharff have asked
a couple of my questions. The other questions that I have are a little more
fine-grained. If I could get some response to those, it would be really
helpful. The environmental analysis recognizes that Robert Royston was the
landscape architect for at least a good part of—a good amount of the
landscaping here. The screening that was shown from different angles of
the new development, what commitment is—we don't have the full plans
and all that sort of stuff—Stanford making in the plans to have a noteworthy
architect/landscape designer not only work on the plans but to help retain
and maintain the landscape screen that's shown in the plans, so that we
don't, 10 years down the road, have dead and dying trees? Stanford's very
good about trees, but I just want to know what the ongoing plan is to
maintain the screening of the development.         Maybe along the line of
Royston.

Ms. Palter: As part of the Architectural and Site Approval (ASA) application
that we'll come forward with, we will be proposing the landscaping that's
within that project site. I'm not sure if you're talking about screening that is
outside the project site.
                                                                          Page 9 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
