                          TRANSCRIPT
can we do as an intervention with the arts, whether that's for a downtown or
for a business district? Next week or in a couple of weeks, I'm going to be
speaking at the Main Streets Conference down in Oceanside. Is that where it
is? I think that's where it is. Anyway, I'm speaking specifically about arts
and culture districts. There's a real pent-up desire to get at this very
question that you're asking about.          The moment we announced the
legislation having being passed and we put up on our website a template
where cities could indicate their interest, we had 75 cities within a three-day
period fill out the template and say, "I want to know about this." My sense
is that people sort of know it when they see it. These downtown business
improvement districts are increasingly turning to arts partners, whether it's
arts nonprofits or visual arts organizations. I don't have research to quote
you as to how that improves, but there's certainly a belief that the arts
ought to be a strategy partner for improving the look and feel and the
attractiveness. The Knight Foundation, the Knight-Ridder newspapers when
they went out of business, they created a foundation. What they did is they
did a study called the Soul of the City Study that was nationwide. They
studied all the former Knight-Ridder cities. In California, those cities are San
Jose and Long Beach. The cities that scored the highest, meaning when
they asked people what is it that attaches you passionately to your city. The
cities that scored the highest were those that had a commitment to beautiful
places, attractive places. You could read that as parks. You could read that
certainly as the beauty of the downtown, the architecture of the town, so the
beauty of the city, the amount of social activities, nightlife and
engagements, things that engage people, and then commitment to
tolerance, the interest in different people interacting. I would submit to you
that the arts plays a role in all three of those areas. Look up Soul of the
City; it's really interesting research.

Council Member Holman: I thank you very, very much. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks for sharing your ideas about youth, about
the labor force, about the economy. It helps us take a new perspective on
things. I'd just like to lobby a little bit. I read an article, a science article,
recently saying that as people age they find a greater interest in art and
often talents that they did not realize they had. Given the fact we're in an
aging society, would it be possible that your return per dollar spent might be
the highest among seniors?

Mr. Cohen: I'd love to jump in on that. The baby boomer bubble is huge.
It's going to overwhelm us if we're not prepared for it. Certainly the arts
needs to respond to that. We're working internally now to think about that

                                                                          Page 10 of 125
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/1/16
