                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Cohen: Yeah. The budget reflects where our monies will be allocated in
this fiscal year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It reflects where the money is going, but it doesn't
reflect what the BID is necessarily going to do. Obviously there's some
overlap, but ...

Mr. Cohen: Many of the activities—if I can clarify for you. Many of the
activities that are listed are the same from year to year. They're ongoing
costs and activities.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's a couple of things you've asked us to do. First
is hold a public hearing, which we're doing. The second was to approve the
Resolution. I saw the Resolution. Then, levy an assessment. Can we levy
the assessment while we think about how we want to restructure the BID?

Ms. Stump: That's a good question. If the Council has concerns, the
process calls for some of those to be articulated this evening to allow the
Staff to work on the item. We would advise you on other types of options
for structuring the activities funded by the assessments when we would
return.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What we should be doing then, as Council Members, is
articulating any concerns we might have. Is that what you're looking—I will
do that. First of all, I just need to know what are the non-assessment
sources of revenue that the BID gets? It's a fair number. It's $54,000.
Where does that come from?

Mr. Cohen: $40,000 of that is for our concert series, and that is raised by
myself. I fundraise for that concert series and look for sponsorships for that
series. That is similar with our banner program as well. I'd have to turn to
the actual numbers. That's usually how it works. I go to the community at
large and look for underwriters and sponsors for various projects. As you
can see, our budget is very, very small. I recommend to our Board that if
there's a project or an event that we want to hold, we need to go find people
other than ourselves to fund those activities. Legal is donated to us.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth. I'll just come back to a couple of
things that were raised. On the one hand, the fee structure, as Council
Member DuBois had stated, has essentially up to ten Full Time Equivalent
(FTE) employees—I guess, retailers for some reason it's 11. There's really
not a very graduated fee structure that charges the large firms a lot more.
Am I understanding that correctly? On the other hand, I assume that the
sponsors are probably more often almost invariably from the larger
companies. I think that—yes.
                                                                          Page 24 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
