                          TRANSCRIPT
of our Downtown one. I think that the reality is that some amount of trip
reduction is feasible going forward. I would support not having them be part
of the 50,000-square-foot cap contingent upon a trip reduction program.
Whatever is the amount for the Research Park, the reality is that Stanford
historically has metered their own pace of development in the Research
Park. They're vision for that park is not to build it all out suddenly. It's to
be able to have some latitude to accommodate tenants that they think are
important for the diversity and the vitality of the Research Park.
Nevertheless, the community would like to control that so they don't have
the possibility of suddenly in two years half of that development occurring. I
think some form of a rolling cap would be appropriate. I would frankly like
to see it roll over, but maybe there's some framework of a five year cap or a
three year cap or something that gives them latitude to respond to
circumstances, but also gives some form of assurance that there won't in a
future time be some change where we get a big boom in development of the
Research Park, that we had a tentative agreement it wouldn't occur.
Second, on the issue of hotels, Vice Mayor Scharff's points, I think, are very
well taken. When we were a decade ago looking at much worse structural
deficits than we have today and an inability to fund all of the infrastructure
needs that we have, there was an outcry that we have no revenue planned
for the City. The one area that we really had ability to be fungible in our
revenue was around hotels where we get a far better tax rate than we do for
any other use. It's better than sales tax or any other revenue in the City. It
is correct that they are the lowest traffic impact of any development. On the
other hand, I think the 2.0 FAR that we've seen along El Camino is denser
than I think we want going forward. That would apply to hotels along San
Antonio. I would like to see us calibrate that backward. My own notion
would be a 1.75 or maybe a 1.5, but I suspect a 1.75 would get the design
compatibility and mass and scale compatibility that would feel better. I
think for the Downtown areas, meaning both University and Cal. Ave., that
the 2.0 would be appropriate. That's where we'd want to see those denser
units. I think that we'll probably see hotels start getting built in the
Downtown area, because we have basically nearly closed off further office
development in the Downtown, at least in the University Avenue downtown,
unless the Council in the future would set a new, higher cap. I don't think
that's on the horizon. I suspect that we'll see two types of development in
Downtown, predominantly residential if we change some of those incentives
or zonings for residential Downtown and hotels, because those might have
been financial viable but wouldn't get built as long as office had a higher rate
of return for investment in Downtown. I also then want to look at areas
where we would allow what I'll call overlays of residential in existing
commercial areas, the lower density commercial areas. I'd include in that
not only the Research Park, perhaps the shopping center, East Bayshore and
along Bayshore and even Town and Country Shopping Center, which I saw
                                                                        Page 78 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
