                         TRANSCRIPT
assumption was that a more glorified port-a-potty would be placed where
the current basic one is.   Obviously that's to be determined.       All
conversations have been replacing the duck pond port-a-potty with
something more permanent.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I will be supporting the initial Motion and not
supporting the Substitute Motion. I think we've all spoken. Please vote on
the board on the Substitute Motion. That fails on a 5-3 vote with Council
Members Schmid, DuBois and Filseth voting yes, and Wolbach, Scharff, Burt,
Berman and Holman voting no.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:                    3-5 DuBois, Filseth,
Schmid yes, Kniss absent

Mayor Burt: We will now return to the primary Motion. Would the maker
and the seconder consider the issue that Council Member Holman raised?
There's also a question of—on Page 2 of the Staff Report, Staff had asked for
direction on two additional aspects.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, I would definitely accept what Council Member
Holman put in there, so we should add that in. Do you want to give the
language again? We could have just taken it down from there, but I don't
see it. There it is. Is that fine, Council Member Holman?

Council Member Holman: That is it. If I might just add one really quick
comment having to do with Mayor Burt's comment about being a six year
old. The offices that are currently in the Baylands that were previously the
Park Ranger station, it may have been there. It might be a reasonable place
to look to locate a restroom, because there's already plumbing there. That
might have answered your question, Mayor Burt.

Mayor Burt: Could have been where I ventured.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in Part D of the Motion, “direct Staff to
begin the process of building a restroom at the site and identifying a funding
source” with “direct Staff to work with the Parks and Recreation Commission
to identify a funding source and location for a restroom.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would also add in then, Number One which is on Page
1. Basically start with "amend Section IXB of the lease between the City of
Palo Alto and the environment to release EV from the development and
construction obligations of building a public restroom in the Baylands and
authorize the City to assume and manage the construction of a public

                                                                            Page 22 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
