                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let's go to two members of the public. Sven Thesen to be
followed by Craig Lewis. You're both welcome to speak for up to three
minutes each.

Public Hearing opened at 10:34 P.M.

Sven Thesen: Evening all. My name is Sven Thesen. I'm a resident here of
Palo Alto. I'm a chemical engineer, and I'm one of 2,200 engineers and
scientists that won the Nobel Prize for climate change work in 2007. I'm
representing the Unitarian Universalist Church of Palo Alto and Carbon Free
Palo Alto while I'm here. As a caveat, I am an electric vehicle consultant to
the City. Most importantly, I'm a dad as a lot of you are here. I'm really
concerned about climate change, and I'll get into part of that. When you
look at our carbon emissions from the S/CAP, 80 percent of them occur in
two sectors, the built environment and transportation. That's why I've got
my bicycling shoes on and I drive an electric car. I encourage all of you to
get into an electric car. As such, in 2009, my wife and I decided to build a
all-electric, carbon free, net zero home 11 years ahead of the 2020
standard. We decided to be the penguin that first jumped into the water
and not worry about the leopard shark below. Now, how does this house
operate? A lot of you have toured it. I've had 2,200 people come through.
I invite you all and members of the public to do so. I run school tours, Girl
Scout tours, Boy Scout tours, church tours, because I want to demonstrate
that this house is beautiful, functional, comfortable and easy to maintain.
We talked about the cost of this new house. It's 2,500 square feet; it
doesn't have gold-plated fixtures, and it cost under $1 million. As such, how
much energy does it use which is completely offset by the small photovoltaic
array on the top? How many people here have hot tubs? Please raise your
hand. This is good. The annual energy of my house with four to six people
living there is less than your typical California hot tub. That's the energy
footprint. Again, it's carbon free. When I built this house, my wife and I,
some people thought we were crazy, but it turned out wonderful. We've
been called visionary. That's what's going to happen to poor Peter. He's
going to be called crazy, and we're going to be called the Berkeley of Silicon
Valley. It's something we have to do, and he will be lauded later on for
setting in place this Reach Code. You asked about cost effectiveness. We
talked about keeping our temperature below 1.5 Centigrade. Sadly, in the
next 85 years—it's already started—we're going to see between 1-2 plus
meters of sea level rise. In essence, I support the Reach Code particularly
the electrification. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Craig Lewis. Welcome.



                                                                      Page 101 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
