                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: This applies Citywide. Once again, I have to say you're
comparing apples to oranges in this. You've gone back and said we have an
annual limit of 50,000, this is only such and such, but the annual limit isn't
Citywide. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just quickly. I'm having a hard time with any of
this being a direction I think we should be going at this point in time. Just
for clarification on this, whether one agrees with this or not. It says
including 6,200 jobs. I think you probably mean replacing the current
number with 6,200 jobs, just so that you're making your point.

Mayor Burt: We have no more lights. Let's vote just on the amendment.
Everybody see the amendment, whether you support it or do not. That fails
on a 7-2 vote with Council Members Schmid and DuBois voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-7 DuBois, Schmid yes

Mayor Burt:    Now, we're back to the original motion.         Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: I like 95 percent of the original motion. Given a
lot of the conversation that we've had about the fact that this really is just to
study possible options and what impacts those would have on the
community and the clear voice that we've heard from the community on the
need for additional housing, I'll just ask for a quick amendment to have
Option C be 6,500 units of housing instead of 6,000.

Mayor Burt: I would say it's a fairly arbitrary one, but I think I'd like to stay
with what's in the motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to replace in the Motion Part B, “6,000” with “6,500.”

Mayor Burt: We can go through a whole series of amendments 'til 2:00 in
the morning.

Council Member Berman: That's why I made it very quick. I won't speak to
it more than I already have.

Mayor Burt: I'm going to clear the board again.

Council Member Berman: We don't get these opportunities often, so it's just
an opportunity to push the envelope a little bit more and see what's
possible.
                                                                        Page 115 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
