                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Shaw: We did a pilot of that last summer and had some mixed results
from that. We continue to look at it. There's some others in the Valley that
are doing a similar sort of thing, so we're going to keep an eye on their
activities and how well it's working. There is potential there. It is possible
that perhaps some of the new residents in this project that are needing to
commute within a reasonable distance that an electric bike would work, that
that might be a mode for them to use. We will be supporting the use of
bikes at the building with plenty of bike parking as well as bike maintenance
and perhaps bringing onsite periodically vendors to help repair and maintain
bikes as well. That's a plan we do have. E-bikes are a new phenomenon,
certainly to the United States. Whether they will pick up steam is really yet
to be seen, but we're monitoring it, and we have been testing it. Hopefully,
we do see it having an effect in the future.

Mayor Burt: Final question. I know that we have new bike routes along El
Camino Real and Stanford Avenue that are coming in, bike paths. One of
the things that we as a City and, I think, Stanford as a University have not
worked together on effectively enough is a more direct bike route in
between, I'll call it, El Camino Real and Junipero Serra. Essentially we have
all the way from Gunn High School. We have a path that spills out onto
Hanover; it goes right through College Terrace. As it goes onto campus, it's
a less direct route all the way out to Sand Hill Road. Part of what brought
this to mind is a Stanford surgeon who was telling me about having to drive
his daughter to Gunn High School. I said, "It's not that far," but the more I
thought about it, we really have never established a real direct, efficient bike
route through campus, through College Terrace, all the way south, kind of
that third major bike boulevard in the City. Have you had consideration on
that? Is that part of the design of this project?

Mr. Shaw: I'm going to have Jean talk mostly about it. I'll just say that we
are looking at how the project facilitates bike use. There is a greenway
established already in Escondido Village that acts as its spine. This project
will have connections to that spine to facilitate use of bikes by all Village
residents accessing the campus at Serra Street and Campus Drive with that
connectivity. Using a bike with Escondido Village will be very well facilitated
by the design and the existing infrastructure that's already in place in the
area. I'll have Jean talk more about the (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I'll just add to clarify. Not only am I thinking of use of bikes
within campus, but it's really across campus from your properties on Sand
Hill and the hospitals, all the way south to southern parts of the City.

Ms. McCown:      I think you are aware that the Research Park is very
interested in the Hanover Street, Bowl Park, that part of that route that

                                                                         Page 18 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
