                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: You're welcome to speak on either 218 or the broader budget
issue.

Mr. Keenan: On the budget in general?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keenan: Very good. Good evening. Chop Keenan, 700 Emerson. I'm
speaking as the Chair of the Downtown Parking Committee and as an
assessee in the Parking District. I've discussed all the issues with each
Council person and to the Finance Committee hearing. I thank you for your
time on that. The Parking Committee issues are as follows. One, this is not
a properly noticed Assessment District budget hearing. Two, three line
items in the Parking District budget are improper charges to the District.
One, Police $97,000; street sweeping $50,000; three, Streets Team
$61,000. It totals about $200,000. As for the capital budget, we agree
$82,676 for the slurry, sealing, striping and entrance signs for the surface
lots. We disagree with the expenditure of $600,000 for static wayfinding
signage. The committee prefers the red light/green light and digital car
counter and requests that the wayfinding expenditure be tabled and sent
back to Staff for inclusion in the greater Downtown parking study currently
in process by Dixon Associates. Associated concerns. One, selling long-
term permits in contradiction to the bond election documents to non-District
employees, specifically South of Forest Avenue (SOFA). Two, establish a
formal bond oversight committee comprised of City Staff, one elected official
and property owners in the Assessment District. That is essentially the
Downtown Parking Committee except formalized. We fought for three years
to even get a budget for the District. We have requested an accounting for
in-lieu fees. It turns out the City double counted in-lieu fees, paid costs and
Assessment District costs. This $2 million mistake was swept under the rug
on your Consent Agenda last Monday. This is Exhibit A for the need for a
long-term bond oversight committee and the collaborative, bottom-up rather
than top-down approach to infrastructure. We believe bulk sales to City of
Palo Alto for their employees and wait list line-jumping has stopped. We
request that you proceed with the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT)-funded
Downtown parking structure as promised when selling the TOT increase from
12 to 14 percent. If I may finish?

Mayor Burt: Please wrap up.

Mr. Keenan: I'm just about there. With the RPP decreasing 10 percent per
year, where are we going to place these cars except to export them to the
next neighborhood? We're happy to put the band back together again with
the very successful public-private partnership that built 900 spaces in S and

                                                                            Page 16 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
