                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Spieker: Yes, it's a for-rent project. We would not be putting a map on
it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No map. I'm trying to understand when you offer
leasing preferences, how that actually works. You build the project; you
start leasing. You have a lot of units. You don't lease them all if there's a
lease sub-period. If someone comes to you who's not in a favored class,
let's say, a teacher, a firefighter or any of the things you mentioned, don't
you just lease to them anyway? I'm trying to understand what it means to
be—once the project is fully leased, a unit comes vacant. It's rare to have a
waiting list. You probably clear the market by raising the rents. What does
it mean to have a preference? In for-sale, I completely get it. In rental, I'm
not tracking how this works.

Mr. Spieker: I would anticipate—we still have to work through this—that
when we built it, we offer these units to the teachers, the firefighters and
the police officers and the City officials. We give them a certain period of
time to respond, in which they can lease the unit. Once it's leased and we
get a vacant unit like you mentioned, then we would send this out to that
email list, mailing list. We'd go through the proper channels, and they would
get a certain amount of time in order to lease the unit. If they don't, then
we can go to the general public. I'm not sure about this, but maybe Staff
knows. I believe Stanford may have done this.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. I don't know whether our current Staff here is familiar
with it. Maybe Cara is. The large Sand Hill development contains similar
preferences. They were actually, as I recall, two tiers of preferences. One
for perhaps it was Stanford direct employees. There was a second I can't
remember. They tiered it. Cara, do you have any input?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: There are several different
projects in town that do have preferences built in. Most of them are Palo
Alto Housing Corporation operated projects.         There are some other
projects—the Terman Apartments has a Section 8 preference. There are
several different preferences in town. It is possible to come up with some
type of covenant language to implement that preference.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Cara, what would that mean? Is it just a preference
then? A unit comes vacant, and they know the lease is expiring. They do a
six month lease, a year lease, and a nine month lease in their project. Are
we thinking a couple of months before they have to do outreach? Is it more
than a preference that if you don't meet that criteria, you can't lease there?
I'm just trying to figure out how a preference in a market rate project, which
is open to the public, works on a regular basis.

                                                                       Page 10 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
