                         TRANSCRIPT
that straightforward, we could do that without any community outreach or
further discussion. You might also want that. You might want to hear from
the community and have some outreach to stakeholders. It's up to you
what you would want, when you'd want us to come back and what you'd
want the rule to be.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:        I don't quite understand why we have an
emergency Ordinance. In the past that has been done when something
needed to stop, there was a crisis of a sort. Here we are 11:00 at night, not
much public, a lot of questions, discussions. Wouldn't it make more sense to
have just a regular Ordinance with a second reading maybe after the
election where people can have a chance to think about it? If there are any
questions, people could gather information about it. What's the urgency of
we need to do it tonight?

Ms. Stump: This is an option before you. You may feel that there is no
urgency, and it's either not appropriate or not the best course of action.
That's a fine policy choice as well.

Council Member Schmid: Staff is not pushing that there's a need for ...

Ms. Stump: We are not making a recommendation. We are alerting you to
an issue that there is a potential as of November 9th for this conduct to
occur in the community. We're giving you an option, if you wish to take
action, to stop that from happening. You do have the power to do that, but
we're not making a recommendation. It's merely an option.

Council Member Schmid: It's an action that would occur in the sense of
planning something, but it would take nine months, 12 months to actually
result in anything. I don't quite get the urgency.

Ms. Stump:    Are we talking about how long it takes to grow a plant to
maturity?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

Ms. Stump: I have no information about it. I know that the League of Cities
has said—we attach their briefing memo—that this is an issue that cities
want to be aware of. We're doing a service of bringing it to you with an
option to take action if you feel it's appropriate.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.


                                                                      Page 81 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
