                          TRANSCRIPT
possible. I think we've struck a good deal here that's acceptable to both
parties. Nobody got exactly what they wanted; nobody got their first pick.
That's why you negotiate. That an organization that is so important to our
community is willing to negotiate with us and not just walk away from the
negotiating table I appreciate. I think that the renovations that will happen
while Avenidas is in south Palo Alto are important. I also think it's worth
noting that there's been a lot of talk about having Avenidas or something
like Avenidas or in the long term having a satellite of Avenidas in south Palo
Alto. I think this will be a great opportunity to see what that's like. I think
it'll be a very instructive, educational experience for south Palo Alto, for the
City as a whole to see what it's like having Avenidas located in my neck of
the woods, in south Palo Alto. I'm looking forward to having that there for
my neighbors and friends and family who can avail themselves of that more
easily with that greater proximity. I'm excited to see that. I hope we don't
lose sight of that as one of the benefits to this. Again, I think the negotiated
price is perfectly reasonable. I spoke earlier to my desire, but I forgot to
mention—echoing Council Member Holman that I also think the community
needs assessment is going to be important. I'm not going to include that in
the Motion. It's not really agendized tonight. I just want to put that out
there, that I think that's going to be important. I also just wanted to give a
shout-out to those who have worked from the community and the School
District on the enrollment committees for the School District side trying to
suss out this tricky question that we've been discussing here of what we
expect as far as the enrollment needs for elementary and also for high
school kids in Palo Alto. Because of the assurances that we've heard from
Staff that the actions we're taking tonight won't foreclose those future
opportunities, I will be supporting this. I also agree with those who have
said the clock is ticking. We do need to move towards a better long-term
solution.

Mayor Burt: First, I have a question on the community needs assessment.
Where do we stand on that?

Mr. de Geus: We haven't begun in earnest to look at a community needs
assessment. What we would look at doing and what we plan to do is in the
fall draft a scope of services to begin the Master Plan process which would
begin with outreach to the community and do some type of meaningful
needs assessment. What that looks like exactly still needs to be defined.

Mayor Burt: I think there's a real—it would behoove us to think through this
process well enough to determine at what point in time we should do the
needs assessment. I suspect that it's quite early in the process. We could
lose more time if we really wait until this thing goes through more process
before we begin that and then we go out for an RFP and all that. The next
                                                                         Page 33 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
