                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:        Staff would come forward with that
recommendation to reduce the 2,000 to a different number, maybe in the
range of 1,300 or 1,500?

Mr. Mello: That's very likely, yes.

Council Member Holman: About not selling employee permits in—I would
say Zones 8, 9 and 10. I don't live in any of those, just to be clear. Zones
8, 9 and 10 because I don't remember there being Downtown employee
parking issues on Kingsley or for that matter on Lincoln prior to the RPP
Downtown. What would Staff's opinion about that be? With 10, the same
thing would be applying to the expanded District there too.

Mr. Mello: A large portion of Zones 8, 9 and 10 are in what is called the
eligibility area. The only streets that are currently in the RPP program are
shown in white on the map within the eligibility area. Most of that area is
not currently in the program. The only permits that are being sold for 8, 9
and 10 are a proportion of the total permits that we calculate using for the
number of streets that are currently in the program. We're holding a vast
majority of the permits in reserve, and they're actually not available for sale
because only a small percentage of those zones are actually participating in
the program today.

Council Member Holman: If I'm looking at, for instance, this slide on—
there's no page number on here, no slide number. It's the one that has the
numbers on it that indicate the zones. Those streets that are white, how
was it determined that Seneca and Hamilton and Forest would have permits
sold on them, if I'm understanding your comment correctly? Why those
streets? This is Zone 10.

Mr. Mello: If you look at the slide that's titled "Phase 2 Boundary" ...

Council Member Holman: That's titled what? I'm sorry.

Mr. Mello: The slide that's titled "Phase 2 Boundary."

Council Member Holman: For future reference, it's so much easier if these
have page numbers on them. I'm not finding it, sorry. Here we go.
Looking at that.

Mr. Mello: The streets that are shown in white within the blue eligibility
area, those are the streets that have asked to participate in the RPP
program and actually have signage and are required—folks parking between
8:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M. on those streets longer than two hours need to
have permits. The only employee permits that have been sold are 30
                                                                         Page 95 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
