                          TRANSCRIPT
then begin a real, concerted effort on how to come up with the other dollars,
a combination of local, State and Federal dollars in all likelihood. Then,
there's the question of what should be the overriding trip reduction goal. I
like the concept of having some framework at the outset for that, but I'm
struggling with—basically there's a dynamic between determining what
possibilities there are for funding. There's probably some analogies to the
IBRC, what was included and what was left out was partly dependent on
what you thought were the realistic boundaries that wasn't blank late, like
you didn't include the grade crossings or the flood control, for instance.
Those things were excluded. If we put a trip reduction goal, we will have
this very legitimate question, this one that was raised in particular by the
Stanford Research Park. They said, "We are unlike your Downtown TMA.
We are fully funding our right now." They have basically—Stanford, to our
pleasant surprise, has a form of taxing authority.          For a lot of their
leaseholders, they can pass on the costs of this. As a result, they're already
doing a lot of the things that are on our wish list for our Downtown TMA and
our wish list for what might be an expanded TMA to greater parts of the City
or maybe even Citywide. There's going to be a legitimate question of what
do the companies who are—if a major portion of this comes from a Business
License Tax, should we be looking at trip reduction independent of where the
revenue comes from or would it be a bias toward employers and avoiding
the trips of their employees. I will add that the support that we get from
businesses—we saw this from some of the letters—is that they see this as a
major problem to their existential well-being. My hope is that we're going to
have enough enlightened business owners who are going to see that it is in
their interests to solve this problem. If we don't solve it, we're all toast,
them and us combined. They are going to want to say, "If we're the
primary funders of this, we want a good portion of these dollars coming back
to helping our employees have alternatives to single occupancy vehicles."
On the other hand, we could argue that a trip is a trip, and we want to
spend dollars on the most cost-effective way to reduce car trips and reduce
parking demands. Both of those are good arguments. We'll have to
reconcile that, and that may be part of the guidance that we want to give to
the group, which is balancing the interest of trip reduction by businesses
who, should they be the primary funders, and the interests of overall trip
reductions in the community. I think that may be something that we want
to include within the guiding goals. This quantitative question—I'm not sure
that we can set that at the outset. The Downtown 30 percent single
occupancy vehicle reduction is a good discrete goal. I don't know that we
can readily apply that throughout the City as a goal realistically against this
kind of prospective funding. Maybe we want to put as a framework to
identify through the different measures that they could identify to be funded
what trip reductions they think are realistic. That would even inform the
type of funding or tax that we have. I'm trying to think through the best
                                                                        Page 97 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
