                          TRANSCRIPT
will move towards a 2018. I think it's in everyone's interest to go with the
2017 tax and plan. I'm hoping that the business community, by being
involved in the process of that stakeholder committee, figures out what
works best with the residents, and everyone comes together, and we come
up with a plan that makes sense, that benefits everybody. I think that's a
tall order, but I think that can be done.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council
Member Holman to:

A.    Consider placing a special tax measure requiring a two-thirds vote on
      a special election ballot in 2017 and utilize the additional time to refine
      the proposal, build consensus and neutralize potential sources of
      opposition; and

B.    If necessary, consider placing a general tax measure requiring a
      simple majority vote on the November 2018 ballot and utilize the
      additional time to refine the proposal and build consensus and
      neutralize potential sources of opposition; and

C.    Create a stakeholder committee to explore priority transportation
      needs, identify funding requirements and explore various funding
      options and develop a funding plan. Committee members would
      include a balance of business and resident interests, ideally include but
      not be limited to Stanford University, the Transportation Management
      Association (TMA), Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD), residents,
      Stanford Research Park (SRP) Transportation Demand Management
      (TDM) Working Group; and

D.    Direct Staff to return with a timeline with activities to plan for a ballot
      measure and options for structure of the stakeholder committee.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board. That's passes unanimously.                That
concludes this item. Thank you all for coming.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

20.   PUBLIC HEARING: 1601 California Avenue [15PLN-00500]: Request by
      The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University to
      Amend the Final Map for Tract Number 10281 Recorded January 2015
      for the 1451-1601 California Avenue Development, Which Includes a
      Total of 180 Dwelling Units. Environmental Assessment: City of Palo
      Alto/Stanford  Development      Agreement    and   Lease    Project
      Environmental Impact Report (State Clearinghouse No. 2003082103)

                                                                          Page 94 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
