                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: This isn't the idea like a TDR, where people could
stockpile and have a whole bunch of traffic with no TDM.

Ms. Gitelman: It's not really a TDR. It's more like offsetting trips that you
can't reduce on site. We'd want projects to meet aggressive standards for
trip reductions onsite and then offset trips that can't be reduced onsite.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Just some quick questions. On Page 437 on
Policy T7.2, I know it's nitpicky. It says discounts for taxi fares. It doesn't
talk about taxis or ridesharing services. I just think someone should catch
that.   On Page 449, I was just curious.         Program T3 in the current
Comprehensive Plan which locates high-density development along transit
corridors near multimodal transit stations, does that go away then or is that
just incorporated somewhere else where I can't find it?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Could you tell me where you are again?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure. On Page 1 of the—where we do the—Packet Page
449. It's where we compare the current Comprehensive Plan to the CAC
draft Update. I didn't see where we had—in the current Comprehensive
Plan, we have locate high-density development along transit corridors and
near multimodal transit stations. If you cross over to the CAC draft, it says
in appropriate locations encourage a mix of housing units, which doesn't
have anything to do with locating near transit. I was just curious what we're
doing with that.

Ms. Costello: I think it got moved to land use.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's the example of a policy that moved over to land
use. We can confirm that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think we want to lose the concept. That was
really sort of all I had for now.

Mayor Burt: I have a few questions, and then I'll reserve the rest for
comment. First, Hillary, you were going to explain these colors and these
bars on ...

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. I mentioned in my presentation it relates to the
handout from the Stanford folks we're working with. It's Attachment E.
What they've done—there's a brief memo that explains they're sort of beta
testing this idea of using a computer to assist the community input that
                                                                        Page 97 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
