                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: In terms of priorities, basically I'm almost making
the PTC's Motion that Crescent Park would be the third priority as a new RPP
district.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace the Motion Part D with, “implement a separate RPP in
the Crescent Park neighborhood.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member DuBois: Actually I have one more.

Mayor Burt: You can offer something else as a friendly amendment, but as
an amendment that we have to take up separately, we're going to have to
deal with this.

Council Member DuBois: As a friendly amendment, we would actually list
Edgewood Plaza as the fourth priority, which is not currently in the motion.

Mayor Burt: That's just a prioritization.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Mayor Burt: That's accepted.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible) one second. We're good.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND THE SECONDER to add to the Motion, “Edgewood Plaza would
be fourth priority.” (New Part E)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wouldn't be opposed to it. If we say it's going to be a
third priority if they don't want to be annexed in, I'm happy to look at it as a
third priority. I think we may need to come back, just like Edgewood Plaza
needs to come back. Are you saying they don't need to come back and Staff
just goes and works on it? If you're saying that, I'm not going to accept it.
It should be the fourth priority, but I think they need to come back to us and
we need to think about it. I'm fine with Crescent Park the same way. They
should be the third priority. If they want to be annexed, I'm happy to do it
quickly. If they don't want to be annexed, then they should be the third
priority, and then they come back. I don't know if we're saying the same
thing or if we're saying something different.

Council Member DuBois: I'm concerned. I think the speaker said it. They
asked to be annexed. They were told they missed the deadline, and then
they were told the quickest way to do it was to apply for an RPP which they
                                                                        Page 110 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
