                         TRANSCRIPT
Eloiza, I think it was, who was here earlier tonight. Very interesting
discussion about trying to prevent displacement of people who are at risk in
the region as a result of the housing crisis and widespread displacement.
Also last Wednesday, I spent the day in Sacramento with our lobbyist. We
are not paying him by the hour, which is good, because he spent the whole
day with me. It was wonderful. Our lobbyist Niccola De Luca from
Townsend Associates. I had an opportunity to speak with both of our State
representatives as well as somebody from the Assembly Speaker's Office
and the Governor's Office.

Mayor Burt: The first two things I want to report out on. I got to go to the
Art Center Foundation. They had their 45th anniversary. That group
deserves a great deal of credit for the whole renovation of the Art Center. I
just wanted to call them out.        We had Saturday morning the water
conservation walk and roll. We had a couple hundred people out there. City
Manager had a decent time, I hear. I mean in his 5K time; he had fun too.

James Keene, City Manager: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That too; he had to add some on each direction. Two more
substantive things. I'm a representative on the Caltrain Modernization Local
Policymaker Group. The first few years, there really wasn't a great deal of
substance or contention. Now with High Speed Rail coming forward again,
the group has decided that they want to be able to control their agenda. It's
a group of 15-plus elected officials who have been having Caltrain staff set
agendas, and then a member of the Caltrain Board running the meetings.
Now we've had every other meeting that is High Speed Rail. The first two of
those, they had the Chairman of the High Speed Rail Authority run the
meetings. There was a lot of discomfort with that, because the group had
never consented to be subordinate to the Chair of the High Speed Rail
Authority in their own meeting. The group is going to move forward with
having their own leadership, working with Caltrain staff to set agendas and
look at having a more formal role of taking votes that would be advisory but
actually taking votes as a group that would be presented to the Joint Powers
Authority (JPA) Board, similar to what the VTA advisory group does. That
was, I think, very constructive. The second thing is the San Francisquito
Creek Joint Power Authority, we got back our major bids for the construction
downstream of 101. The bulk of it is one big contract, and then we have
others, PG&E bids in other segments of this. We were prepared for—we kind
of budgeted for about $1.5 million shortfall that we had a tentative plan
hoping that the San Mateo County side would be able to come up with most
of the way to bridge that. We also are in negotiations with PG&E to reduce
their charges for the new gas line because of all the betterments that they'll
be receiving from a newer, better line that's easier to maintain. The bids
                                                                      Page 134 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
