                         TRANSCRIPT
Michael Morris, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 12: Good evening,
Mayor Burt and Council Members. I want to thank you for taking the time to
listen to us today. My name is Michael Morris. I'm the other owner of 100
Addison Avenue. You heard from my wife earlier, and you've heard from our
broker. Quickly, being a second-generation Palo Altan and growing up in
this town and working in this town my entire career, the property that we're
talking about, since the '50s, has only had approximately six tenants. A car
dealership, Southgate Motors, Dale's Auto Body, Hall's Auto Repair, Union
Auto Repair, all of them closed down. In 1999 University Distributors Inc., a
wholesale auto parts warehouse distributor opened up operations there.
They closed and liquidated their assets in 2001. In 2005, Addison Antiques
became a tenant in that building. The only reason, according to the owners
of Addison Antique, that they even considered leasing the building and
opening operations was that Anthropologie was across the street, a natural
draw for them. They told me point blank, "Your building is not what we
would want, not what we would envision. It's no street-front, nothing. With
Anthropologie across the street, we can probably make a go of it." When
they heard that Anthropologie was leaving this year or maybe next year and
their lease was up, they said, "Mike, we can't keep the business going if
Anthropologie leaves." They left. In reality, the only alleged retail store at
this location since the early '50s has been Addison Antiques.           When
University Distributors opened up their auto parts warehouse in 1999, three
neighbors from High Street, who lived across the alley from the subject
building, came over and told me, because the Morris family owned the auto
parts warehouse, that they were very thankful that there wasn't going to be
air ratchets, air guns, chemical odor, loud noise. They were happy for that.
As was said earlier, this is not a retail location. We're hoping that the
Council will accept our request for exemption. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     We'll return to the Council.   Council Member
Holman first.

Council Member Holman: I would like to pull Item Number 10 please.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Burt: A third? I will.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss, third by Council Member Filseth to pull Agenda Item Number 10 -
411-437 Lytton Avenue [14PLN-00489]: Appeal … to be moved to a date
uncertain.

                                                                       Page 11 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
