                          TRANSCRIPT
we're free and we are accessible with parking.              People can stop by
frequently. Our other audience is our science outreach audience. Most of
the Staff of the Junior Museum and Zoo are educators, part of our education
department. This year, they're serving about 19,000 students on hands-on
lessons in local elementary schools.          That includes all of Palo Alto's
elementary schools as well as Friends-supported schools for at-risk youth in
East Palo Alto and Mountain View as well as one-off programs as far north as
San Mateo and south to the southern parts of Santa Clara County. As we
approached the design process, we did a number of workshops with Staff,
with various stakeholders, and we came up with a number of intentions for
our design. One is to develop safe and effective ways to connect children
with live animals by rebuilding the Zoo; develop classrooms that improve
student engagement and learning; improve safety, access, toilets and
wayfinding, sort of that basic stuff; create outdoor play areas and play-in-
nature experiences; and improve access to and from the JMZ and Rinconada
Park; to provide facilities for animal health and quarantine to meet the
standards of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. This is part of our
getting accreditation eventually with the new facility with the Association of
Zoos and Aquariums. Also, improve the care and storage of our non-living
collections. We have about 4,000 objects that are held in the public trust.
We need to meet the standards of the American Alliance of Museums in
terms of how we care for those objects in the public's trust to meet their
accreditation standards. We also want to improve storage and access and
work areas for our Staff to make sure that they're safe and efficient and
effective. Of course, implement green building practices while we're doing
this, which is a Council priority. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Brent McClure
of Cody Anderson Wasney.

Brent McClure, Cody Anderson Wasney Architects: Thanks, John. To
capture a lot of what John has kind of laid out, we'd like to walk you through
the design as to where we stand. We're still in the preliminary stages.
We've been working with the Friends and in partnership with the City now
for the last—it's been going 3-4 years from early programming, figuring out
their needs assessment, understanding their goals, supporting them at times
through fundraising and just kind of moving through this process. Even
though we've been on this project for a while, we're still in the preliminary or
early stages of the design process for the most part. For the last year, we
have spent—we've been before the Parks and Rec Commission now with
Study Sessions three times. We've been before an Architectural Review
Board (ARB) Study Session as well, and we have future hearings that we'll
be moving forward to in the near future. There's been an extensive amount
of community engagement and outreach both at the Board level within the
City as well as some evening outreach meetings within the town. The image
before you is really—I think everyone here is quite familiar with the JMZ. I
                                                                            Page 5 of 64
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/21/16
