                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Let's give the Air Board credit then. That's a good
start. This is a pretty expensive experiment. Secondly, over the weekend I
heard a lot about bike theft, which Jim spoke to earlier tonight. A lot about
it, much more than I was aware of. Could you speak about this and bike
theft? I think what I heard from one of you is, if it's really locked up
sufficiently, it has two locks. Am I right?

Mr. Rzepecki: First off, overall in the industry the amount of theft for bike
share bikes is incredibly low. We're talking about annual loss rates of 1-3
percent of the fleet.

Council Member Kniss: Can you explain why when it's a big problem with
other bikes and other people?

Mr. Rzepecki: Yeah, absolutely.

Mr. Keene: They're not that cool first of all, really.

Council Member Kniss: They're boring bikes?

Mr. Rzepecki: His point is real. It's visually distinct. If you're stealing a
consumer bike off the street, you could take it to a local bike shop or put it
up on Craigslist. If you steal a bike share bike, there's no aftermarket. The
only theft you might experience is like a joyriding or if somebody doesn't
lock it properly. You don't really have that kind of opportunistic, "I'm going
to make money off of it." In terms of security features, though, all of the
removable parts are protected with a security fastener. You can't even steal
the bike and part it out and sell pieces off of it. It has an integrated lock
that is very secure and can't be cut with normal tools, and it has GPS
tracking. If you are a bike thief, there are other bikes you're going to
target, ones that have little cable locks or are of higher value. It's just not
really targeted. The theft problem shouldn't be an issue, and it hasn't been
an issue in any other major cities that we've been operating.

Council Member Kniss: We get a boring bike that won't get stolen, but
everyone's dying to ride it, right?

Mr. Rzepecki: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: This is really transportation. As Marc said, if you're
going to be upping it every 28 minutes, I don't think frankly you're going to
use it for the day.

Mr. Rzepecki: It's designed for short trips. It is bike transit really. It's not
a bike that you want to do a 20-mile excursion on.

                                                                         Page 84 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
