                          TRANSCRIPT
community for electrification. Three other recommendations that we have
include not approving the carbon offsets for natural gas as a standalone
program. We oppose this proposal to raise gas rates to spend on offsets
unless a commensurate amount of money is collected and invested in local
electrification efforts.  We need to tie money that might leave the
community to investment in our community to actually stop using the
natural gas that we need to offset. Two final recommendations are just to
simplify the Plan greatly and provide priorities so that the implementation
plans we look at are not a list of 18 areas but focused down to those select
few. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Debbie Mytels, to be followed
by Lisa van Dusen.

Debbie Mytels: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you for going
through this with all of us tonight. I'm a resident of south Palo Alto, one of
thousands perhaps, who are concerned about sea level rise and how it may
ultimately wipe out the nest egg that we want to leave behind for our
grandchildren. Although I work for Acterra, I'm speaking as a private citizen
tonight. I'm sure that my colleagues at Acterra are pleased with this
document and ready to help you with its implementation. I'm also the
volunteer with the Zero Waste block program of the City and really pleased
that there's recognition of the contribution that Zero Waste can make in
reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. I spent some time over the past
few days reading over the updated Plan and want to applaud the Staff for
their work and the reframing of the initial draft. I think it's well thought out
and comprehensive in its structure. I think some of the points about moving
ahead more quickly with implementation plans are important, as has been
raised by the previous two speakers. One of the things I really like, though,
about it was ways in which the key assumptions on Page 16 suggest a
reframing of some questions. For example, as it says, rather than asking—
while this is possible, it might be better to say what can we do to accelerate
changes or take advantage of existing market forces. One of the changes
that's proposed is instituting fees for parking. As a person who travels up
and down the Peninsula to meetings and shopping in other communities, I'm
really used to paying for parking, and I'm really surprised that Palo Alto
hasn't done this yet. We really need to tap into this revenue stream. It's
also good to see that the proposed implementation plans may also call for
changes in parking requirements, with the idea to require a maximum
parking allocation for buildings rather than a minimum one. I think there
are a few other questions I'd like to raise as well. First, there's no reference
to potential changes in Federal government regulations. This, of course, is
something that we're all looking at with trepidation right now, especially in
regard to vehicle fuel efficiency standards that would contribute significantly
                                                                        Page 27 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
