                               TRANSCRIPT
     iii.        The General Fund by:

                 a.    Increasing the transfer to the Capital Fund by $64,329;
                       and

                 b.    Increasing the transfer to the Residential Parking Permit
                       Programs Fund by $94,000; and

                 c.    Decreasing the     Transportation   Contingency     fund       by
                       $158,329; and

H.          Decrease Employee permits by 200 per year for ten years; and

I.          Return to Council with a program to meter non-resident hang tags,
            daily scratchers, and five day scratchers distributed by zones both in
            streets and parking garages; and

J.          Sell no employee decals outside of the Phase 1 boundaries initially and
            return with a discussion of hangtags and scratchers.

Council Member Kniss: One question, where are your boundaries?

Council Member Schmid: Wait a minute. If we could have—do you have
anything else you want to say on (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: I would like to explain it if it wasn't clear. The
other thing I think Staff would need to evaluate probably and come back
with was the boundaries initially would stay as the Phase 1 boundaries, but
we would put up the signs in this expanded area, and we would not sell
employee permits in the expanded area, but we would reserve the right to
do so. We would just do it slowly, I guess. Initially these areas—part of the
problem is if we do nothing in the blue area, they're still heavily impacted.
I'm proposing we go ahead with the signs, but we don't sell any employee
decals in those areas initially, and we'll come back with a different plan.

Mr. Mello: Just to clarify, as currently proposed, the signage would only be
installed on the yellow streets immediately following this meeting, and then
signage would be installed on additional streets as those neighborhoods
came forward and petitioned for inclusion.

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Ms. Stump: Chair Schmid. What we would suggest is that the three items,
"H," "I" and "J," that the Council's Motion would be to direct the Staff to
return with a resolution that would do those things. That would allow us to
really fully notice everyone who may be impacted by those proposals and
                                                                           Page 108 of 125
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 2/1/16
