                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part A, “design and privacy”
after “incorporated Eichler.”

Mayor Burt: We may need to really have a discussion during the Committee
as a Whole to have some determination of when this would be able to come
back to us. Maybe if Staff can be thinking about that, we'll discuss that in
the context of the whole palette of things that we're doing. I guess then
we're good to vote on ...

Mr. Keene: Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: If I just might say something there, just to follow up on your
last point. I think that evaluation in the first sentence here speaks to the—
there may be some aspects of what evaluation means when we have the
Committee of the Whole. One is a preliminary evaluation of what the issues
are. Another one is a thorough evaluation of all possibilities including
coming back with recommendations.            I think there's a big range of
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Should we have a clarification there?        Are we meaning a
preliminary evaluation when it comes back?

Mr. Keene: I think so. The same way in the housing matters of six weeks
or so ago, you gave us some directives (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We need to see whether the maker and the seconder are
comfortable with describing it as a preliminary ...

Council Member DuBois: I thought your comment was that potentially we
could discuss this at the Council of the Whole. What detail of evaluation?

Mayor Burt: We wouldn't discuss the substance in the Committee as a
Whole. We would discuss the prioritization in the Committee as a Whole.

Mr. Keene: I think it's a relevant conversation in the Committee of the
Whole whether it has preliminary in it or not. I think preliminary is more
accurate and probably a better process for us to be able to come back and
check in. There's a lot of choices you have.

Council Member DuBois: I'll accept that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman? Okay.

                                                                      Page 75 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
