                          TRANSCRIPT
It came to 25 percent of the total capital spending. The Matadero will be
done in 2017, part of it in 2018. Has the contract for the Matadero pump
station been awarded?

Mr. Teresi: I'll answer that in two parts. First of all, there were actually
seven projects that were included in the 2005 ballot measure. The Matadero
pump station project is the final one. The project is almost completely
designed, so all the funding for the design has been in place. The actual
design, we're at the 90 percent level. I would anticipate coming back to
Council in September for an award of the construction contract. The work
will take about a year. The work on the project will be completed by
October of 2017 and in place for the following rainy season.

Council Member Schmid: We don't have the bids in yet. My question is, is
there enough funding to complete the project under the ...

Mr. Teresi: I believe so, but until we get the bids I can't answer that with
100 percent certainty. I believe so, yes.

Council Member Schmid: As I look through the spending on the new storm
drain fees, it does not have any flexibility for finishing projects. Will we be
going out with the ballot in January before we know whether we have
enough money to complete the old storm drain projects?

Mr. Teresi: Yes. We'll have that information because we'll be awarding a
contract in September of this year for that work. I would also say that the
estimate for that project has already been escalated. I think in the original
2005 estimate it was about $3 million. It's now been adjusted to $6 million.
A large amount of money has already been added to that project to ensure
that we'll be able to complete it.

Council Member Schmid: Under the old funding, we do have enough if the
cost does come out at $6 million. We will have those numbers available by
January.

Mayor Burt: He said that.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'll just briefly say thank you to the Storm Drain
Blue Ribbon Committee. I think this is actually coming up at a fortuitous
time as the thought towards storm water and the value of it is kind of
shifting. I think the change to the storm water management fee also makes

                                                                         Page 27 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
