                         TRANSCRIPT
improve that goal." In terms of policies and programs, I think we should be
willing to look at prioritizing. I think policies could easily be programmed—
maybe not easily programmed—if we could address programs with data. I
think there is some confusion on the CAC of how specific programs should
be.     Should programs be general statements or should they have
measurements in them? That doesn't mean the measurement has to be
"the VMT should be 7.2," but maybe the program should say that the VMT
specifically needs to be measured. I think it needs to be measured and
reported. Maybe there's a percentage change or percentage improvements
in there; maybe not specific. I think programs should specifically address it.
We've also had discussions where we said the existing documents that use
available data, where we're saying that would be really too easy because we
could say there is no available data, so we satisfied that requirement. What
we're trying to say in the document is to make sure that we generate and
look for and create data if data's not available.             In terms of sub-
subcommittees, I know that Staff—I have great respect for what Staff does.
I have great respect for the rest of my CAC Members. Having more
committees is not something—I'll stand back as I ... Maybe the idea that
there could be something that was a task force. When Council said, "Let's
have subcommittees," they said, "Let's have subcommittees but let's be
consistent, maybe not totally following Brown Act, but consistent with
making sure that they were noticed and so on." Maybe we could be allowed
to have task forces that were on a specific deep dive, like was suggested, in
a room with a white board that could come back and present to the public in
a noticed kind of environment. That would allow us, I think, some—on data
and structure, I think we need to, as the CAC and Council needs to
participate, look at the granularity of some of the things we're doing. By
granularity, we talk about transportation, we talk about public
transportation. Public transportation, that is Caltrain, is getting people in
and out of the City versus public transportation that is buses around the City
to move people around are really two different things. I think we need to be
much more specific in granularity in terms of what we're talking about. In
Community Services the other night, we actually talked about having visual
arts and performing arts as two different topics to make sure that when we
said arts, we weren't just burying the whole thing and being too general so
that we weren't paying attention to the topic. I would say that that's the
various things. I think the idea of not only using data to drive our
discussions and conversations and conclusions, but making sure that we're
putting data into the results of our work product is really my biggest
interest. Thank you very much.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Don. Amy, before you go, I'm going to ask Annette
to come up and speak, if she'd like to, because she needs to take off. And

                                                                            Page 69 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
