                          TRANSCRIPT
won't say that I wasn't disappointed. I am disappointed not to see Karen as
our Vice Mayor, but I'm sure you'll all do beautifully. As a local small
business owner, Bell's Book Store, Emerson Street, it's been wonderful to
have Mayor Holman as our Mayor. She's extended herself in an exemplary
manner to reach the business community. I hope that we'll see some
consistent follow through on that, because it's been a huge change for us in
the business community, to see that. It's been very welcome. She's worked
to preserve the ground-floor retail environment. She's addressed difficult
parking issues. She instigated the first Meet the Street event in which the
smaller side streets got a chance to highlight their offerings in a way we
never have before. We were able to coordinate our 80th anniversary party
with that event, and we got over 700 people coming. I call that a success.
As an environmentalist, I appreciate that Mayor Holman has sought creative
ways in which to encourage recycling, composting and reuse and has
established the preservation and creative reuse of historic buildings as a
priority. Thank you for that. On other fronts, she's tirelessly forged strong
connections between departments and with neighboring cities, reestablished
transparency in City government, very important. All with an even hand and
a remarkable ability to chair meetings in a professional and civilized fashion.
Thank you, Mayor Holman, for your dedication and for guiding our City so
well.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.   Our final speaker is Former Mayor Yoriko
Kishimoto. We have one more speaker after that, Stephanie Munoz.

Yoriko Kishimoto: Thank you. Congratulations to the new Mayor and Vice
Mayor. Thank you to Greg Schmid for your good Vice Mayorship. It's been
a pure pleasure to watch our outgoing Mayor, Karen Holman, this last year.
She's been an outstanding and very effective Mayor. You just spoke about
all the criteria which makes a great Mayor, bringing out the best in Council
Members. Actually I would add from the members of the public as well.
Prioritizing and bringing focus to the most important issues, and bringing
them to a productive vote, that calls for a real mastery of process and strong
leadership that we all took advantage of. We saw the grace that you lead
the meetings with and hard work. I'm not used to these beeps either. I just
want to say thank you so much for representing the community so well. I
think you've made a huge difference. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephanie Munoz. We have
two more cards. To be followed by Shani Kleinhaus.

Stephanie Munoz: Happy new year all of you. Thank you, Karen. You say
to yourself sometimes, "If Karen couldn't do it, then nobody can." Actually
everybody has a different kind of a chance, a different kind of set of

                                                                         Page 13 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/4/16
