                          TRANSCRIPT
Downtown Area, including South of Forest Area Coordinated Area Plan Phase
2 (SOFA II) and a more flexible framework for the City as a whole.

Council Member DuBois: I think you've heard maybe slightly different
views, but not all that different. The one area for me that I'd like to
comment on is I think weakening the bar is a slippery slope. Introducing
flexibility sounds good, but if we really intend for retail, retail-like uses,
personal services, on the ground floor to be required, I think they have to be
required in nearly all cases. I'm open to some flexibility, but I think it needs
to be a reasonably high bar. I think requiring documentation, as you've
asked for, is a good thing. If somebody asks for an exemption without
documentation, it's a good thing to hold that requirement. You've heard
ideas for understanding the different kinds of retail on perhaps El Camino.
Again, I'm concerned about our neighborhood centers. I think they are at
risk as well. Based on what you've heard, you could come back with a
framework, maybe give us some options. It may not be the final Ordinance,
and we'd have to come back again with that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree that it would be helpful to have you come back.
People have talked in general about these two things: let's focus on the
Downtown, let's focus on SOFA, and let's have a more flexible ordinance
that's legally supportable frankly for the rest of the City, that protects some
of the areas that Tom's talked about outside of that and that I've mentioned.
I also would like, when we talk about the analysis of Downtown as part of
that ordinance, to look at those four things they have on Page 10 and
include that in the Motion, if that's all right with you.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible) four things.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're consider adjustments to the existing boundary
of retail. I obviously think we want to do that. Consider protections outside
the GF and for basements, update the definition of basements. We talked
about that. Require display windows for nonconforming uses. I would add a
fifth one which is look at how we would amortize out nonconforming uses so
we start the process on those.

Mayor Burt: Would you say "and which"? Not that all of them (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, no. Certain nonconforming uses on University
Avenue. Really I'm just thinking about University Avenue. I'm thinking
about the Wells Fargo Bank. People have mentioned there may be other
ones on that.

Council Member DuBois: This is really just to consider it or evaluate it.

                                                                        Page 85 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
