                         TRANSCRIPT
knock them down. Boom. Karen, dramatically different from what zoning
allows. Pave paradise and put up a parking lot. Greg, you talked about
deed restrictions on that last project. These guys have had in a sense a
deed restriction for 15 years. Somehow the City of Palo Alto has chosen not
to enforce it. They've been getting several million dollars a year with the
extra 25 people per year at 46,000 a year. After 15 years, they paid a
$300,000 penalty, something like three cents on the dollar. It's kind of sad
when the City will write to me if I leave my garbage cans or have leaves
encroaching on the sidewalk, or I pay my utility bill late a few days. Boom.
We can't seem to enforce a Conditional Use Permit.             You meet the
conditions, you get the permit. Councilman Burt, you were talking about
parking and the change in driving automation. They're talking about putting
in a two-level parking garage—a parking garage underneath the field where
we don't even know that people are going to be owning their cars anymore.
In the time that this might be built, it might be in a sense irrelevant. That
hasn't stopped these guys from doing stuff. I have a couple of other
pictures to show. This first one here is I woke up one morning, and the loud
trenching sound of that generator ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Levitsky: They're desiccating some roots. They've dug roots out and
left them uncovered and unwatered. We need a little bit of City oversight.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sea Reddy, to be followed by
our final speaker, Elizabeth Duncan.

Sea Reddy: Thank you, Council. I want to thank last week's health fair.
That was very well done. The agencies that came from different areas of the
county and the City are helpful for those that need that kind of help. Thank
you. I have a couple of ideas about the 2755. What if we build these 60
units or less and sell it to people that need on a lottery basis for the City
workers, the firefighters and the policemen, all that that need it. Forget
about renting. That way they can live there. There are many people willing
to give up their cars to have a home. Consider that. I'm sure you are
smarter than I am collectively. The third thing is I'm one of the non-
deplorables. I wish Hillary a lot of good health. I think we need a
competition. I think all the population in the country need to stand behind
her and have a real residential competition between Donald Trump on ideas
and not discount her because of this health, that health. We're all going to
die sooner or later. I think we need to give her an opportunity and present
her ideas and Donald need to do his, and we see who wins. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker, Elizabeth Duncan. Welcome.

                                                                      Page 52 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
