                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I would prefer to see January 31st rather than
March 31st. That allows you at the last minute to come in and say, "We
need this tomorrow."

Mr. Mello: There's quite a bit of lead time required to structure the permit
sales and all of that. That wouldn't work from a logistical standpoint. We'd
need a couple of months to get the program up and running.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks again. Just briefly, just a couple of things.
This is actually very interesting. Thank you for doing it. I live on the outer
fringes of Zone 3. My experience over this period has been pretty consistent
with what it says here, with what your charts show, except that there are
some days that it's really full again. It's really full again some days. Mostly
it's like this, but every once in a while it's like the whole place is packed
again. I think more than half show up with their permit or something. The
other thing I was looking at is it's most congested in the 12:00 P.M. to 2:00
P.M. timeframe nearer town, as you might expect. I assume a lot of that's
the two hour folks. I'll bet it varies if you pick at 12:00 P.M. versus at 2:00
P.M., within that window, because you get the lunch crowd. I wonder if
you're looking at this stuff as you stagger when you're going to take the
windows. You might think about that.

Mayor Burt: I'll follow up. We have 12:00 P.M. to 2:00 P.M. as the time
range. If we have some of these areas that are being monitored at 12:30
P.M. and others that are being monitored at 1:30 P.M., are we getting
different data sets for what really would be comparable? Are we skewing
the data sets by having a portion during the lunch hour and a portion
outside the lunch hour?

Mr. Mello: I'm going to answer yes, but I'm going to say the amount of
resources it would take to simultaneously count all of the blocks at the exact
same time would be pretty costly. I don't think it'd be an effective use of
our resources.

Mayor Burt: An alternative might be to select a different two hour block of
time, say 10:00 A.M. to 12:00 P.M. At 10:00 A.M., everybody's arrived at
work. At 12:00 P.M., people haven't really arrived at lunch. Something like
that, 9:30 A.M. to 11:30 A.M., whatever it is. I'm not looking for an answer,
but it's something I think I'd put out there as a consideration. Just a
technical request going forward.    When we get these maps, we're all
scrambling to figure out how do we superimpose these maps. Can you use
some solid lines to show those zones? Especially since we need magnifiers
to be able to see what Forest and Bryant are on those. I wanted to go back
                                                                       Page 79 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
