                         TRANSCRIPT
the task force would be, we need to think about the process and the
stakeholders we would want represented on the committee and any other
items that anybody thinks we need to review as part of this discussion
tonight. Does anyone have anything they want to wade in at this time on
that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are you asking for questions or are you asking for
comments (crosstalk)?

Mayor Burt: No. This can be comments, because there's no period of Staff
questions. It's not a Staff presentation. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: My first question is—in the recommendation and
the executive summary, it refers to a Business Tax. In the summary of the
Council recommendation on Page 2, I don't see unless I'm missing it any
mention of a business tax. One of the concerns that I'd expressed—I don't
think I was alone—when we were discussing it a few months ago was that
there seemed to be a rush towards a particular funding mechanism. By
having a committee have more opportunity to explore various options and
needs, etc., I think one of the purposes of that and one of the opportunities
is to make sure that we explore a slightly wider range of options.

Mayor Burt: Make sure you refer to what I just read, because I think it does
address it in the way that you are alluding to.

Council Member Wolbach: Right. That's what I'm saying. I don't see a
reference to a Business Tax there. What I see is explore various funding
options. I know that there was—during our discussions of a potential
measure for this year, there was a focus on a business license tax. I just
want to make sure that, as we move forward with a committee or
commission to explore this, their purview isn't preemptively limited to only a
business tax. That's my own prejudice of where we should go. That's
maybe where we'll end up. Given that we now have the opportunity to
explore various other funding options, I hope that we'll take advantage of
that and not preclude them preemptively.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Having been on the committee that did this in the
spring, I'm kind of ready to stay the course on it. We did two surveys. We
met I don't remember how many times now. Maybe, Karen, do you
remember? Three or four. We had agreed at that time that while the timing
wasn't good at that point, we wanted to look at it again, especially we
wanted to look at it in light of whether or not Measure B was going to pass.

                                                                       Page 90 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
