                         TRANSCRIPT
several bites. Cory, don't open the can of worms here and let everybody go
around again.

Council Member Wolbach: I want to understand. Since we split the motion
since I spoke to it, what does that mean? If I vote against the EIR but in
favor of the project, what does that mean?

Mayor Burt: As Cara explained, the project goes forward if a majority of the
Council supports the EIR and a majority of the Council supports the project.

Council Member Wolbach: So it's clear for the record that anyone who's
voting in favor of the project but against the EIR, they understand that
they're not really opposing the project. It's really just a protest vote.

Mayor Burt:   No.   If a majority of the Council opposes the EIR, it's not a
protest.

MOTION1 RESTATED:         Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to:

A.   Certify the Final Environmental Impact Report and adopt a project
     specific Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program.

MOTION2 RESTATED:         Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to:

B.   Adopt a Record of Land Use Action approving the Architectural Review
     application for four new office buildings at 1050 Page Mill Road; and

C.   Landscaping that is predominately indigenous plants providing natural
     habitat; and

D.   Provide a landscape reserve sufficient to provide for a future
     pedestrian and bikeway spine to connect Hanover Street and El
     Camino Real, should a spine project be adopted in the future by
     Stanford University and the City. In such event the Applicant shall
     work with the City and Stanford University to convert the landscape
     reserve to a pedestrian and bikeway spine; and

E.   Applicant to work with Staff to further consider ways to reduce noise
     impact; and

F.   Add the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) mitigations and mitigation
     monitoring requirements to the Record of Land Use Action; and


                                                                      Page 93 of 94
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 1/11/16
