                          TRANSCRIPT
the SVCF accepts donations for the TMA and then provides those funds to
the TMA for their use. Hence, the reason for the three-way Funding
Agreement. Just in general what is a TMA? Directly from the Palo Alto
TMA's website, a TMA is a nonprofit organization that develops, manages
and markets transportation programs. Some of the benefits to having a
TMA in your area is that it allows for nimble management of transportation
programs, and it offers a one-stop shop for transportation services rather
than each employer having to offer transportation services independently. It
also provides a forum for larger and smaller businesses to work together on
programs for a mutual benefit in a similar geographic area. An overview of
the City funding currently for the TMA. In the Fiscal Year 2016 operating
budget, there's $100,000 that was budgeted for TMA pilot programs. The
proposed agreement in front of you will govern the use of those funds, and it
addresses some of the concerns that Council had the last time that the TMA
was at City Council. Some of those concerns and the conditions that are
contained within the agreement are that the TMA meetings and documents
will be public. The City Manager must approve the pilot projects to be
funded. The TMA will provide a Strategic Plan and budget within 90 days of
an accepted agreement. The City has already committed to fund the startup
administrative costs of the TMA through an existing contract with MIG.
There will likely be an amendment to this proposed agreement that's before
you tonight to govern an additional $100,000 for the TMA in the Fiscal Year
2017 budget. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob George, who's going to give
you a sneak preview of the Business Plan and budget that the TMA has been
working on.

Rob George, Palo Alto Transportation Management Association: Thanks,
Sue-Ellen. Mr. Mayor, Council Members, thanks for having me this evening.
At this late hour, I appreciate the time and excited about showing the work
the TMA's been doing in the last couple of months. Really my focus is—I'm
going to move as quickly as I can through this just to be respectful of the
late hour, but giving you an idea of the direction that we've moved in with
some of the feedback we got from you at our last Council meeting and the
work that we've been doing as a Board. Proud to present some of these
things to you this evening and move forward with the TMA. If I could make
a brief comment before I dive into the slides. Thinking beyond what the
request for Staff is, we're really looking to the future and going to be
presenting a three and a five year sort of "top view" plan for you and give
you some numbers that we've worked together based on our work as a
Board. This base slide is really just to respect the Council's desire to hit that
30 percent reduction rate. Translating that into a real number which, based
on the population of the Downtown, is 1,650 employees moving from single
occupancy vehicles into other modes. Tying back to the mission of the TMA,
there's five areas of focus that I just wanted to call out this evening that
                                                                              Page 69 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
