                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Now we're again back to the motion.         Anybody else want to
throw a dart?

Council Member Kniss: We're ready to vote.

Mayor Burt: Let's try to keep them narrow. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: When you made the motion, I heard you talk
about a pilot test, but that's not really in the motion anymore. We are
saying it's—can you just explain?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach clarified that we had really previously
given Staff that direction. They're already coming back with ...

Council Member DuBois: You're including the performance-based approach
regardless of a pilot test or anything.

Mayor Burt:      We're including that that would be evaluated in the
Environmental Impact Report. It's not what you were looking at earlier of a
preferred alternative. It is what's going to be studied.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for clarifying that. I know it's late, but
Staff—we had this discussion about Scenario 5 before. We weren't specific
enough; we came back tonight. On Pages 9 and 10, Staff asked for some
specific direction about what would we include in these scenarios. I would
like to offer an amendment and see if you guys would accept it in terms of
specific additions and deletions from these tables.

Mayor Burt: Let me just say I'm really interested in those tables. I think
that is something that would take us 'til 2:00 A.M. tonight. Just from the
hour, I wouldn't accept it, not because I don't think they're worth discussing.
It's just that's part of what the decision went in to keeping this a focused
motion.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to have a hard time supporting the
motion if the implication is that these tables are taken as is. Is that what
you are proposing?

Mr. Keene: Can I just say—even with the motion the way it is, I feel we're
going to bring a follow-up report back to the Council very quickly that starts
to deal with these things. Otherwise, we'll be flying blind too as to what we
would be doing with the Council.

Mayor Burt: It does raise a good question. Without us giving specific input
on the tables on Page 10 and 11 of the performance-based zoning, can Staff

                                                                       Page 117 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
