                          TRANSCRIPT
Erwin Gonzalez: Good evening, Council. My name is Erwin Gonzalez. I've
worked for the City for about 12 years. I'm a recreation coordinator. I put
together the classes for recreation, for seniors and the small children. As
City workers, we have contributed to the financial strength of the City not
only by providing the best services we can, but also by absorbing our fair
share of the costs needed to run this great City. Since the recession, SEIU
workers have made substantial concessions and cost-sharing measurements
including accepting the flat-rate medical, creating a three-tiered pension
system, and increasing employee retirement to the maximum allowable
contribution of 8 percent. Also we have significantly reduced the City's
employment expenses so much so that, according to the new financial
forecast, the cost of our wages and benefits will only grow to 1.8 percent
over the next decade. Now a majority of our members are below industry
medians, and we cannot recruit and retain workers. We are proposing that
the City bring every SEIU worker up to the median market compensation.
We're also asking the City to apply across-the-board Cost of Living
Adjustments (COLAs) on top of these realignments so that our workforce can
afford to keep up with the cost of living in Silicon Valley. In essence, all we
are asking is for the City to pay fair wages that keep up with the increasing
cost of living in this area. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lena Perkins, to be followed by
our final speaker, Lynn Krug. Welcome.

Lena Perkins: Good afternoon. My name's Lena Perkins, and I'm a resource
planner for the City of Palo Alto Utilities. I turned down a number of jobs to
work here. I just earned my PhD in engineering at Stanford. Your residents
as well as your Utilities Advisory Commission demand high quality services
that need really highly skilled employees. By not enabling your employees
to stay and perform how your residents are demanding and as required by
the Council and the Utilities Advisory Commission, you're tying your own
hands. That's just one of the things that makes Palo Alto such a desirable
City. Ninety-Three percent of City workers can't afford to live here,
especially young people. We've seen what the real estate market has done.
This has been such a period of growth and innovation and flourishing
economy; to not bring City of Palo Alto workers up to the median doesn't
play well, doesn't make people feel valued. It looks sort of penny wise,
pound foolish. When we look at the City Manager receiving retroactive wage
increases and union members have already given up a great deal, it
certainly causes some people to pause and think. I think we know what the
problem is. If you perpetually under-resource your employees, you're going
to get what you pay for. With that, I'd just like to encourage you to think
about the long-term picture and think about trying to preserve some of the
things that make Palo Alto such a great place. Thanks.
                                                                           Page 2 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
