                         TRANSCRIPT
Brad Ehikian: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members and neighbors.
My name is Brad Ehikian, and I own the properties located at 411 and 437
Lytton. I first want to state that my family and I have lived in this area
close to 30 years. My two boys have their companies located in Downtown
Palo Alto. We're committed here for the long term. The last thing we want
to have is enemies. I'm here tonight to try and be a good neighbor. Also, I
don't consider myself a developer. With that said, we have developed or we
have done a couple of projects here in Palo Alto with the help if Ken Hayes.
We developed the AT&T building at the corner of Page Mill and El Camino.
We did the adjacent parcel which was the old Stanford Cleaners, which
required a sizable environmental cleanup. We built the building at 361
California Avenue which housed Starbucks and the Counter. We're finishing
up the medical building on 853 Middlefield. We're extremely proud of these
developments, and we think that they've been well received by the
community. What I found by doing these projects is that it's getting more
and more difficult to comply with the City ordinances and the general plan. I
think this project has met that, and I think it's substantiated by the Staff
Report. I think the decision that's got to be made by all of us is on future
projects that are going to be opposed do we look to the zoning, do we look
to the Codes, do we look to the ordinances and the general plan for the
guiding light. We've been working on this project for over five years.
During that period, we've had multiple ARB hearings. It's just one of those
things where we've gone out to our neighbors on multiple occasions. We've
altered our plans numerous times in order to try and deal with the issues
raised by the Board and the community. I know everyone here is very
passionate and protective of Palo Alto as we are. Again, I'm very proud of
this project because we are able to provide much needed housing. We're
under the allowable square footage. We're under the allowable height limit,
and we're over-parked. Again, I just want to thank the Council and the
neighbors for their time and consideration. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Then, the appellant has an opportunity to respond
for three minutes as well.

Mr. Leung: I just want to make a comment regarding some of the speakers
about housing for this project. I believe this project has three penthouses or
something on the top floor. I'm not really sure this is the type of project
that's going to bring the below market rate housing that people are
concerned about here. That's all. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:26 P.M.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    We'll return to the Council.    Council Member
Holman.

                                                                        Page 44 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
