                         TRANSCRIPT
It was Joe, of course, picking up trash all along the way. We have a great
bunch of Staff people who spend their weekends also volunteering to make
our community look lovely. Just a brief little update on the Baylands Nature
Preserve happenings down there. On tonight's Consent Agenda, we have
two items related to the Baylands Nature Preserve. One is the approval of a
contract for improvements to the Baylands Interpretive Center, and then
there is approval of a contract for design and environmental services for the
Baylands Boardwalk. Given the importance of the projects, I just wanted to
speak to them briefly to the folks at home watching and those in the
audience who may not have access to the packet. The construction at the
Baylands Interpretive Center will begin in October and end next April. The
project includes new decking, siding, guardrails, exterior lighting, swallow
nesting boxes in areas favored by birds, refinished interior flooring and
accessibility and restroom upgrades. Community Services will continue
education programs during the construction period at East Palo Alto's Cooley
Landing Nature Center during the construction under an agreement with
East Palo Alto. We're expecting a minimal impact. Design for the new
Baylands Boardwalk will begin in October with an alignment and
configuration similar to the existing Boardwalk.           An environmental
assessment will be prepared and circulated in the summer of 2017. Our
Staff will work with community stakeholders and the Parks and Rec
Commission during this design process as a lot of work not just on the
design but the environmental reviews. Depending upon the pace of the
environmental reviews and the agency permitting—we're very familiar with
the projects in the Baylands—we don't anticipate completion of that project
until 2019 or 2020 depending upon the environmental review and the
agency permitting. Obviously, that's something the Council will want to
follow closely. An update related to the Evergreen Park RPP District. Our
Transportation Planning Staff is responding to the recent email that Council
received asking for a status update. We are currently coordinating a
meeting with local merchants and employees at a business focus group
regarding parameters of the Evergreen Park RPP. The meeting, which is
tentatively scheduled for September 29th, follows a similar meeting with
area residents and will give the business community an opportunity to share
their input on employee permits and pricing and other aspects of a future
Evergreen Park RPP program. Following the focus group meetings, Staff will
host a broader community workshop in early October to share a draft
program design. We'll also be mailing a survey to neighborhood residents to
gauge interest in feedback on the program, knowing that we have the
responsibility to try to reach out to every neighbor directly. Based on this,
Staff expects to bring a draft program resolution to Council in November, so
please stay tuned for more details as we hear from the community. A
Caltrain report. On September 12th, the Federal Railroad Administration
awarded $25 million in grants to increase safety at railroad crossings, train
                                                                      Page 48 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
