                         TRANSCRIPT
horizontal deflection, which is the median islands, the chicanes and curb
extensions. We generally tried to mix it up. We didn't want drivers
becoming comfortable and knowing there's going to be a speed hump every
100 feet. You want to get drivers to pay attention, require them to actively
participate in driving. That was our main goal. The second reason we
utilized traffic calming devices is in a lot of instances we're removing stop
signs along the bike boulevards to facilitate bicycle travel. We didn't want
the motor vehicle speeds to creep up, because there was no longer a stop
sign. In that case, we looked at treatments like raised intersections,
roundabouts. Roundabouts are great because they get everybody going the
same speed around the intersection, but they don't cause unnecessary
delay, and they also don't encourage people to—that stopping and
accelerating creates a lot of noise in residential neighborhoods. They create
more of a moderate traffic flow. Any other things we considered?

Mr. Louch: I think the one other thing to say is there are some unique
situations where we considered specific. The raised intersection that's
shown there is really specific to the school that it's connecting to and some
of those kinds of things. There are these sort of general considerations. As
Josh said before, we kind of worked at a pretty detailed level to look at what
the specific conditions were and the right improvement that was needed.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you do curb extensions rather than, for instance,
some of these others, that narrows it so people see it as narrow, so they feel
they have to slow down. That's the theory behind it.

Mr. Mello: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you ever get situations where—if you're not paying
attention and you go over a speed bump, you're like "whoa" and you're
paying attention. If you hit the curb and go over the curb, you could injure
someone. I'm just wondering if the curb extensions are really—I'm sure
they are or you wouldn't have done them. It just intuitively doesn't seem as
safe frankly, a curb extension, if you're a driver who's not paying attention
and not expecting a curb extension.

Mr. Mello: We consciously made a decision to design these corridors for
motorists operating at the proper speed, which is at or below 25 miles an
hour. If we were to design these around a design speed higher than that,
we would be encouraging higher travel speeds. That's a tricky proposition—
that's something that traffic engineers and transportation engineers struggle
with. Do you want to provide that kind of shy distance and ability for error
or do you want to reinforce the proper operating speed by tightening up the
roadway, designing the road around people that are traveling at the

                                                                       Page 30 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
