                         TRANSCRIPT
the report that's in your hands. For example, the report's assertion on page
5 of the summary that in Phase 2 of the program "vehicles are not clustering
on the streets nearest to the Downtown area and South of Forest
Coordinated Area (SOFA) with as much frequency," when the May midday
parking distribution map that you have in your hands clearly shows this is
not the case. In fact, if nonresident parking throughout the Downtown RPP
zones were as equitably distributed as the program intended, the entire May
19th 12:00 to 2:00 P.M. RPP map you have in your hands shows that 30
percent of the block faces are red, indicating that the occupancy is between
85 percent and 100 percent. By the way, if the threshold was 80 percent
instead of 85 percent, which is more appropriate for a residential
neighborhood, then the number of red faces would actually increase to
almost 40. Another example I'd like to point out is that the Planning
Department's decision to allow Downtown businesses to purchase for their
employees blocks of up to ten permits in any one zone only exacerbated the
problem, something that is not even mentioned in the summary you have.
Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to point out on behalf of my
neighbors the irony of the fact that the very groups of residents who
initiated the RPP program several years ago in an effort to restore the
quality of life in our over-parked neighborhoods are now the ones suffering
the most thanks to the continuing mal-distribution of nonresident parking
closest to the Downtown core. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. John Guislin to be followed by Richard Brand.

John Guislin, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Good evening,
Council. My name is John Guislin. I live in Crescent Park, and I also served
on the RPP stakeholder group. Tonight I'm also asking you to take the RPP
program off the Consent Calendar because I also disagree with many of the
conclusions from the Staff Report.         In particular, I only see RPP as
(inaudible) if you consider expanding this parking area into more and more
residential streets. If that is the goal, then you've done that. In Crescent
Park, we see people park further and further into our neighborhood when
they're walking Downtown to work. It's also interesting that in Crescent
Park—the way we structured the zones, Crescent Park is part of six different
parking zones.      It's really hard to understand the impact on our
neighborhood by looking at the map or the reports. The latest count, the
Staff did not even count Zone 10 which is the biggest zone that includes
Crescent Park. That wasn't even counted for the parking. When they count
the zones, they also don't go beyond the boundaries. The real impact on
Crescent Park is not just the zone, but the people who park just beyond the
zone so they don't have to pay for any permits. The parking problem
around Downtown and commercial core is one of many impacts from what I
see as over-development of business without the necessary infrastructure.
                                                                      Page 15 of 90
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/15/16
