                          TRANSCRIPT
here.

Council Member Holman:       (inaudible).   You're here to make comment or
listen or both or …

Ms. Figone: (inaudible) last year, you invited the CAOs to be participants. I
think it's important because this is about your relationship. If they have any
…

Council Member Holman: I wasn't on the Committee last year. How do you
want to manage that or do you want to hear comments first?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't you and I make some preliminary comments,
and then we'll let them make some comments, and then we'll come back to
us? Why don't you come to our table?

Council Member Holman: First of all, I think MRG does—you, Deb—a
professional job of this. I really appreciate that there isn't a bias that enters
into the process. I really appreciate that a lot. I agree with your comments
too about making it more a compressed schedule. I think the idea of
holding some of our Closed Session times for this kind of work is important.
I think there are a couple of things that need to be—a few things actually—
addressed from my perspective. We can talk about those, of course. One is
I think it needs to be clearer, because I don't think it has been, that the CAO
Committee cannot make or isn't authorized to make procedure decisions,
can make procedure recommendations but not decisions. That's how some
of us were surprised that the modified 360 didn't happen this last year. I
think that's …

Vice Mayor Scharff: What are you talking about? The modified 360 didn't
happen because of what?

Council Member Holman: Because the CAO Committee said that it wouldn't
happen.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The CAO Committee did? We were on this Committee.
We didn't say it wouldn't happen.

Council Member Holman: I wasn't on it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, this …

Beth Minor, City Clerk: Last year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're talking about last year.

                                                                                       Page 6 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
