                          TRANSCRIPT
Hall that the Council is holding this year will be held this week, Wednesday,
December 14th, at Barron Park at the community center. That will be from
7:00 P.M. until 9:00 P.M. .        We also do have a Policy and Services
Committee meeting that night. Members of the Committee and myself will
be at the Policy and Services Committee. I know the Mayor and some other
Council Members and Staff will be at the Barron Park Item. I'm assuming
everybody will be in good spirits at the Barron Park meeting after the
Council acts on the donkey Item later on. I have a little picture up here, you
guys. I just think this is cool. This is Byxbee Park's latest new feature. It is
a compass design with benches and plantings to form a rest area with great
views on top of the ridge. New trails are complete as well with new signage
under design. With almost five inches of rainfall since October 1st, the park
has turned green and has attracted our first two burrowing owls. Certainly
join me and others as we run and walk in the newly enhanced 130-acre
park. I would just add to the Mayor's comments all of the things that have
taken place down in the Palo Alto Baylands over the past decade are
amazing and really just incredibly enhance the environmental experience
there. There's the burrowing owl on my shoulder. In the field of art and
public art, look up here. After three weeks and the help of more than 60
community volunteers, Patrick Dougherty completed his new willow
sculpture along Embarcadero Road in late November.               Come explore
Whiplash this holiday season with your family and out-of-town visitors and
share your photos of the sculpture on Instagram with hashtag
whiplashwillow through February 1st to be entered into a photo competition.
Winning photos will be displayed in a March exhibition at the Palo Alto Art
Center. The proof is in the pudding. I was coming back on Thursday around
lunch time; we went down to look at the construction progress on the golf
course, which is really going to be pretty amazing. On our way back, there
were a whole bunch of kids all running around at lunch time and crawling
through the sculpture and everything here, parents and maybe teachers who
had brought kids down there. Lastly, just since it's late, I did want to share
that there is a late at-places memo that I've put together in response to
some follow-up questions we got from Council Members, in particular,
Council Member DuBois and Council Member Holman. We'd earlier sent a
Colleagues' Memo on questions from Council Member Schmid. These deal
with Items 5, Items Number 6 and Items Number 20. They really deal with
responding to three questions: what's the general rule of thumb percentage
for design services for construction projects; secondly, why are there
sometimes differences in levels of bills and projects selected, low bids versus
high bids; and then third, some projects seem to have costs that are
negotiated down, some don't, what options are there for reductions. We put
those together. There's one or two other questions that we put answers to.
Lastly, just before we go, I know that there have been a lot of comments
about the impact potentially on our surface parking lots in the City being
                                                                          Page 12 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
