                         TRANSCRIPT
5325, 5330 with the restriction of only retail use on the ground floor. In
May of last year, our tenants gave us notice, stating that Anthropologie was
leaving across the street, and they would no longer be viable in the antique
store, and they were leaving of their own accord. At that time, they were
paying $1.50 a square foot and still could not make ends meet. This was
never a really true retail store. This store was a consortium of antique
dealers who were dealing all over the place with their antiques and storing
them there. They kept the door open because of the foot traffic that was
facilitated through Anthropologie. Upon getting their notice to vacate, this
property was placed immediately on the open market. We had an initial
client call us, tenant, who wanted to use the property as an office space. Of
course, we had to turn them down because we learned that we couldn't put
an office space in this building. The property has been heavily listed and
marketed openly to the restricted market that's available to take this
property. We have had interest. We have negotiated in good faith with
these interested parties. We haven't looked at the going rate Downtown.
We've looked only at the tenant and would it work and could we get the
building filled. Each time the tenants came, some of them with plans in
hand, went to City Hall, they were met with roadblocks. Roadblocks that
made it impossible for them to do their tenant improvements. Roadblocks
that made them realize that they couldn't go forward, that they'd never be
able to make it there with the investment they had to make. At the end of
the day, we're left one year later with four requests to the City Hall for a
waiver, so that we can open this property up to the full market and possibly
get an office user in the property, which is the highest and best use of this
property, which is contiguous to residential, single-family residences in
Professorville. We want to provide them with a nice neighbor, someone
who's not going to make noise until 10:00 P.M. or 11:00 P.M. at night as a
restaurant would or a store that gets early deliveries with a truck in the
alleyway. We've made four requests. When we went and met with the City
Staff, my husband and myself, the owners of the property—we're not big
developers; we just needed to know how to do this, how to get a waiver.
We were told that—can I finish? Thank you. We were told that—we'd
owned the property for a long time, and $1 a square foot would be fine.
We'd be okay, and we'd be able to find a tenant. We asked for their idea of
what they'd like to see in there. They said a gym. We found a gym. They
made it too difficult for that gym to come in the property.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Keady: Thank you.



                                                                       Page 9 of 116
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/20/16
