                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The first one, 4 miles an hour was decreased by these traffic
calming measures. That's pretty much what our goal was. I think this really
leaps off the Page. This tells us that we can at the same time achieve the
traffic calming. We have a capital investment rather than kind of a futile
operating investment. At the same time, we got safer bikeways. I never
would have ridden a bike on Middlefield until this went in. When it went in, I
tried it, and it's not my preferred bike route, but it now feels moderately
safe, certainly at certain times of the day. We get both benefits. Seeing
that on streets like Embarcadero or some version of that seems very
attractive to me and something that I would like to pursue more. I'd also
just like to note that this whole claim that—I saw that we had in the press
and very unfortunately our new Chair of the Planning Commission made a
whole series of comments that I think were really out of line. They were at
best beyond the purview of the Commission to really start talking a lot about
how we staff and those sorts of elements. There certainly could have been
comments about the importance, if we were to go forward with this, of some
correlation to enforcement.        This whole series of comments is highly
inappropriate. I thought that our Planning Commission had been moving
toward returning to their appropriate role, which is to advise the Council on
planning and transportation issues, and to do so in a thoughtful, informed
manner that provides value to the Council and the community. I found this
flippant, arrogant, inappropriate, counterproductive. I won't go on from
there. I do want to note that on Slide 8 we see a history of the citations.
We can look at warnings and citations. Just citations, in 2011, which I think
was after we had had staffing cutbacks in the downturn, we were all the way
down to 385 citations a year. That was Fiscal Year (FY) 2012, I should say.
It says FY '11-'12; that means Fiscal Year 2012. Fiscal Year 2013 was the
first year that we had no official traffic division, and we had a modest
increase in citations. The following year we almost doubled, and the same
after that. Fiscal Year 2016, it's dropped drastically, and that seems to be
as a result of vacancies in the Police Department as opposed to the
elimination of a dedicated traffic division. We saw from FY 2012 to 2015 a 2
1/2 fold increase in traffic citations. The whole notion that it's principally on
the basis of whether we have a dedicated traffic division. It is important
that we have officers who have time available to be able to do traffic
enforcement. I want to say also I'm interested in the slower yet speed
zones around schools.        I wonder whether 20 miles an hour is more
appropriate. What we really want to do is once again have drivers who will
respect the speed limit. If we were to take this in extreme, if we said 5
miles an hour, nobody's going to pay any attention. At what point in time
does a driver say, "That's reasonable. I'm going to respond to that"? I'm
not sure what that number is, but my sense is reducing to 20 makes
everybody—it stands out to everyone, and they would slow down. That
might be the most appropriate. I also want to ask—we have our new smart,
                                                                           Page 44 of 64
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/21/16
