                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I think Council Member Kniss had already done so.             Did you
want to speak further to your Motion?

MOTION:     Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.    Approve a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Housing
      Authority of the County of Santa Clara and the County of Santa Clara
      relating to providing funding for the Housing Authority's potential
      acquisition of the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park in an amount not to
      exceed $14,500,000 for period June 28, 2016 through June 28, 2018,
      for the purpose of affordable housing; and

B.    Authorize the City Manager or his designee to implement and
      administer the MOU, subject to conditions described in this report.

Council Member Holman: Please. As I said, what intentions can accomplish
and hope. The community is grateful, I believe. Speaking for myself, I'm
very grateful to the actions of Supervisor Simitian for picking up the banner
and working on this on behalf of the Buena Vista Mobile Home residents and
for the Friends, and Winter Dellenbach for all your efforts. Mostly I have to
say that I am very indebted and admiring of the residents of Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park, Erika Escalante perhaps chief among them, because
during this whole period of four years of great stress, of great anticipation
and anxiety, you have conducted yourselves with the most gracious
behavior. You've been most gracious and most courageous in the face of a
very, very trying time. My ongoing gratitude and admiration to you all. You
set a great example for the rest of us in this community. Thank you all.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I certainly agree with Karen. Could I do a little show
and tell? If you are the parent or an aunt or whatever of a child who is
going to school in Palo Alto and you're here, would you stand up? Are you
all standing? Truly stand, come on. Would you now take a look around?
These people are your neighbors. They are supporting each other tonight.
They've turned up with these wonderful yellow stickers. I'm incredibly
impressed, and I hope you'll give yourselves an enormous round of
applause. Terrific. I think what you're hearing tonight is it really is a thrill
for us to be able to vote for this Motion and to go forth with this incredible
kind of process that has taken place. I want to particularly thank Pat and
Karen as well, who have been very involved with this. Winter's around here
somewhere, extremely involved. More than that, if you don't mind, I'd like
                                                                          Page 38 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
