                          TRANSCRIPT
with that. With our Comprehensive (Comp) Plan still in the works, this is
just taking our control away from every single resident that there is here
and is not really focused on our quality of life here and our schools, the
water that is going to be used. There's a lot of impacts that this legislation
is going to—that's going to have an effect on us. I hope that you'll oppose
this and let them come back with something else. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: My intent originally was just to ask the question
that Cory asked. I won't speak very long, because I hope I get a chance to
come back to this later. I'd support the concept that the original letter—I
think we ought to oppose this thing. I think to propose some ideas to make
it better makes sense. It just seems like it's very rushed to me. I'm not
sure I feel confident in our ability to propose reasonable things. The
bugaboo of these kinds of—frankly, the whole thing feels kind of like a head
shot out of Sacramento. The bugaboo of these things is nobody really
understands what the unintended consequences are, as pointed out in the
letter. I think we need some more time. I like the idea that Sacramento
would just work differently with us to try to figure how to do this. I think as
it is it represents—irrespective of process, I do think it represents some
overreach by Sacramento. I think we ought to oppose it strenuously as
opposed to tacitly trying to get what we can right now. I think part of what
we oppose should be the process. Maybe there's a better process to do this.
I think it's just too rushed, it's too short of time. Nobody has time to figure
it out, and there's some significant risks there.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. To elaborate on what Mayor Burt was
talking about, what I think we should do is go ahead and put in the first few
paragraphs of the original letter. I'll elaborate on that. I think we need to
say in the first sentence after "considerable examination, the City of Palo
Alto opposes the recently released proposal as part of the budget." I think
it's important to get the term "as part of the budget" on there. Somewhere
in here I'd like to see the concept, which Mayor Burt alluded to, that we
want to work with the League and have—what was the phrase you used?
Work with the League—Karen? Work with the League and work with that.
I'd like to see us actually use the first part of the letter, all the way up to
where it says the dangers of State housing mandates. I'd put that up there,
and then I would include in the new letter that "notwithstanding, the
proposal would be better with the following additional amendments," which
then puts the particular amendments into there, if that's all they're going to
listen to. I think the amendments make it better.

                                                                           Page 43 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
