                          TRANSCRIPT
Jim acknowledged to Castilleja School that they were making progress in
reducing the neighborhood traffic. They thought that was a positive. I don't
know if any neighbors were asked about this. I certainly wasn't. I know
from a classic behavioral conditioning perspective, the City has only
reinforced Castilleja's violation of the law. Can I have one minute?

Mayor Burt: Not a minute. You can wrap up your sentence.

Ms. Sylvester: Castilleja has paid a one-time only $300,000 penalty. In
fact, they've been given de facto permission to continue to increase their
enrollment, meanwhile making between $5 to $10 million in revenue and
continuing to burden the neighborhood with significant impairments. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jacqueline Taylor, to be
followed by Kimberly Wong. Welcome.

Jacqueline Taylor: Thank you. Good evening, Council. Thank you very
much for taking our comments. I'm part of the Castilleja protest group this
evening. Castilleja filed a CUP application and Master Plan at the end of
June. Amy French, at the end of July, sent a letter to the head of school
outlining why the application was quite incomplete, including fees not paid.
I'm speaking today about the environmental impact of the proposed
construction and the increased enrollment at the school. Amy French
pointed out in her report that Phase 1 of the Master Plan includes the
underground garage, which as Nelson pointed out will be exiting cars directly
across from his house on Emerson. To build that garage, the school needs
to remove a number of trees which the City Arborist, about whose program
we just heard accolades, claims that these trees need to be protected.
Without removal of the trees, there can be no underground garage in the
way that Castilleja wants. Castilleja also wants to demolish at least two
houses that they own on Emerson in order to build a significantly
industrialized campus in comparison to what there is today. Amy French
also pointed out that Castilleja should think about alternatives to the
proposed construction and enrollment expansion including a much smaller
project, something along the lines of remodeling and offsite growth
alternatives. The neighbors have met with Castilleja numerous times to
argue the case that if they want to grow the school with primarily not Palo
Alto students, students from—something like 73 percent come from outside
Palo Alto—they should find a new campus. We would also like to see a study
of the environmental impact proposed, have this paid for by Castilleja for
construction over at least a five-year period, just what that amount of
trucks, noise, traffic, pollution would do to the quality of life in this single-
family neighborhood. Again, we're all for keeping the enrollment at 415. I

                                                                            Page 5 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
