                         TRANSCRIPT
reduction in greenhouse gases, which was extremely ambitious by
comparison to other communities when we adopted it, and we have far
exceeded that. The goal is not binding, but it is—in the end, we've found
time and again that it is more obtainable than we anticipated and that we've
neither needed nor taken a path of saying that we have an explicit program
and a binding obligation to meet those goals when we adopted them. They
are goals; that's why we call it a goal. I want to make sure we're making
that distinction and not using that as a basis to not proceed on what is
before us. I want to put out some components to a Motion. First, a goal of
an 80-percent reduction in our greenhouse gases by 2030 calculated against
our 1990 baseline. Second, Staff will return within two months with a
process for the integration of the S/CAP Plan with the Comprehensive Plan
process. Third, we will support tonight the general framework of the S/CAP
Plan. Just as an aside, that does not mean we're supporting the specifics
within it. Finally, we will support the Guiding Principles within the S/CAP
Plan and those Guiding Principles are to be reviewed and formally adopted
within six months. The aside is that, once again, we're adopting them as
written but not that they have a finality of that being our principles.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second it.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois to:

A.   Adopt a goal of 80 percent greenhouse gas reduction by 2030,
     calculated utilizing the 1990 baseline; and

B.   Direct Staff to return within two months with a process for integration
     of the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) with the
     Comprehensive Plan Update; and

C.   Support the general framework of the S/CAP; and

D.   Support the S/CAP Guiding Principles, which are to be reviewed and
     formally adopted within six months.

Mayor Burt: I think this goal that we would be adopting tonight is no more
of a stretch for what we have as a community than a whole series of
previous goals that we have done. What is still a challenge ahead, but with
a certain amount of reassurance, is we have seen that advancements in
technology and innovation in how we can achieve these goals has allowed us
to generally exceed our prior, very aggressive environmental goals and to do
so ahead of schedule and under budget. I don't have a great apprehension,
even though this next goal is going to be a great challenge. Frankly, what
we saw in the Paris accords was an international recognition, by 192
countries, that what we're adopting as what seems like an ambitious—it is
                                                                      Page 54 of 93
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 4/18/16
