                         TRANSCRIPT
is ever possible. That said, I think there's two things that make the Stanford
Research Park—I think you can make a good case that a majority of the
growth that we do, even if there's a cap, at least in nonresidential growth
could make sense in the Research Park. If you look at the other areas, I
think University Avenue is pretty good now. California Avenue (Cal. Ave.), I
don't think that should turn into a clone of University Avenue. I think it
makes sense in the Research Park. As Council Member Kniss brought up, to
the extent that mitigation is possible, I think the Research Park has a better
chance at a higher level of it than almost anywhere else in the City. As we
look for a solution on this kind of thing, I think the Research Park actually—
whether the cap applies or not, directing nonresidential growth more heavily
to the Research Park is probably good in this. As for the Med Center, we did
a deal. We got our silver watch. Does that impact our thinking about other
caps? Maybe, but the Med Center itself is what it is. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Much has been said that I pretty much agree with
about excluding the Stanford Research Park from the annual growth cap.
This has also been talked about a lot. So long as the trips generated are
incrementally reduced, I don't need to go into how exactly, but hopefully on
an annual basis. It needs to be a regular monitoring and performance
measure. I'm also interested in—I'd be open to, let's say, a hotel at the
Stanford Research Park, but I also think that we've done the 2.0 FAR for
hotels. It needs to be reduced to 1.5. There's also been discussion about
that among Council Members. The 2.0 was when we were really trying to
encourage hotels. We've been very successful at that. Sometimes it's just
too much of a good thing. I'm open to some amount of housing in the
Research Park. I don't know exactly where or how that could be. I'm
certainly open to that. The 1.7 cap, the Medical Center included in that.
From my perspective, it's the current project not included in that, not the
land where that area was zoned for the Medical Center. It's not that; it’s the
project itself that's been approved as excluded from the 1.7, is separate
from the 1.7. The rollover of office in the Research Park, can you say more
about how that would work?

Ms. Gitelman: I think those on the committee that imagined that the annual
limit would apply in the Research Park thought that the Research Park
should be given additional flexibility in the sense that the square footage
that's not used in one year could roll forward in future years.

Council Member Holman: I just don't know quite how that would work. It's
like Citywide there's an extra 20,000 square feet, so the Research Park
should be able to apply that?

                                                                       Page 75 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
