                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: If you put the actual units on, what would the site then
roughly look like? Were we talking three stories? Are we talking four
stories? What are you thinking?

Ms. Gonzalez: We're not sure yet. We've looked at some of the open space.
To get the 45 units, we would probably have to go to 50 feet. There is some
potential to reconfigure some of the existing buildings as well, maybe
temporarily relocate some tenants and rebuild parts of the property or again
use some of the vacant space. We're not sure. We haven't started the
drawings yet.

Vice Mayor Scharff: For sites outside there, like on El Camino, you talked
about 11 units versus 67 units. It's a huge difference. It's not even in the
same ballpark. To make the sites on El Camino worthwhile, you'd have to
rezone them in straight-up rezoning. What does that look like?

Ms. Gonzalez: We don't know what it looks like. We want to work with the
community to really figure that out.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Assuming it's within our existing zoning categories,
unless you're thinking we'd have to create a new zoning category.

Ms. Gonzalez: We would have to create a new zoning for it. I think it
wouldn't work. Again, when we first started with Mountain View to make it
feasible, we needed 45-49 units when we first started the project. When we
moved up in density, we had to go up a floor too. The Mountain View
project is up to 55 feet.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You think you might be able to do it within 50 feet?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess that's true for any other area of the City,
because there's nothing special about El Camino. If you find another site
within the City, you're thinking you would need some sort of—why don't we
just call it a PC zoning at this point?

Ms. Gonzalez: We have almost always used the PC zone, so we would need
that or some sort of overlay.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Again, thank you very much.       I really appreciate the
service you guys do for the City.

Ms. Gonzalez: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.
                                                                      Page 13 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
