                          TRANSCRIPT
we're going to have RPP adjacent to Cal. Ave., then we'll have it in that
greater area. Really all we'd—most of the City that we'd have left that could
be impacted from commercial development would be along El Camino. That
may be more challenging, and maybe there's certain areas that we still have
to have more site-specific controls. For the most part, I think we could be
moving in a direction of really significant, quantifiable, not only trip caps but
I'd want to see trip reduction. If we allowed a little more leeway, say, in the
Stanford Research Park, I'd want to see actually not maintaining gridlock
that we have today, but reducing it. I think that's what we really ought to
be looking at. I wanted to jump in because I want to hear my colleagues'
thoughts on that concept.       I think it's a pretty fundamental one and
potentially one that could have a real favorable impact on the community
and, frankly, on the business community, because the congestion is as
problematic to them as it is to our residents. There, I think, are new
technology solutions, new monitoring solutions.            Hillary, what is the
company that we're engaged with for Safe Routes to School that has the
advanced monitoring technologies?

Ms. Gitelman: VIMOC is the name of the firm.

Mayor Burt: Even on the ability to monitor, we have new tools that we
never had before. I think this is something that we should be including in
our analysis under Scenarios 5 and 6 perhaps and really considering as a
preferred scenario as well. Now, we may see the need for a hybrid of sorts,
because it may not address all the areas of our community. It may very well
address the biggest trip-generation areas. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Let me start with process. A couple of quotes
from the Planning Commission meetings from the PlaceWorks representative
at the end of the meeting. Joanna Jensen said three things. "I definitely
heard from some of you, maybe all of you, that the scenarios don't really
seem to represent a range. The goal of the scenarios is to present a low and
a high." Second quote. "Every community we look at is different." Third
quote at the end of the meeting. "Preferred scenarios and mitigation
measures effectively reduce impacts or do we need to have additional
measures." That's sort of the issue we're grappling at tonight, embedded in
these three assessments. Also, I go back to Section 6 in the DEIR;
alternatives it says. In there, they quote the CEQA Guidelines that said
CEQA should consider a range of potential, reasonable alternatives that will
foster informed decision-making and public participation.       It goes on,
though, in that first section to say we can't look at a no growth alternative
because growth would only continue somewhere else and some impacts may
actually be worse than in Palo Alto. They rejected no growth. It seems to
me every single one of our scenarios now has a minimum average of almost
                                                                             Page 82 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
