                         TRANSCRIPT

administrative assistants. All of these positions on average make a wage of
$70,000 per year. All of these full-time workers qualify for below market
rate housing through the Palo Alto Housing Corporation. We respectfully are
asking for a raise of just below 10 percent over the next three years. This
would raise these employees' salaries to approximately $77,000 per year
over the next three years. Does this seem like an exorbitant amount of
money, especially in this area? Several members of our negotiating team
have spoken passionately during our Closed Sessions of the sacrifices that
they and their families have made to continue to work for the City since
2009, when we had a contract imposed upon us. Costs of living in the Bay
Area is skyrocketing. Traffic and transportation costs are increasing, and yet
our salary increases continue to fall in the 1 to 2 percent range on average
even after we assumed drastic cuts seven years. Most of these workers
continue to earn less today than they did then. Each year, rent increases,
staples increase and the burden of living in a thriving economic zone
becomes more and more difficult for our membership.              For some of
employees, like librarians who are required to have a master's degree, the
burden of student debt is also a worrisome issue. Additionally in this
contract, the City has asked us to partner with them and to pay a portion of
the employer's share to help address the unfunded liabilities of the CalPERS
pensions. We feel it's only fair and reasonable that if the City wishes us to
share in these costs, then the City must be equally fair and allow us to share
in this booming economy of Palo Alto. Just to be clear, we're not asking for
industry-leading wages. We're simply asking for parity and cost of living
increases that cities in our comparison group have been receiving. We hope
to reach a successful conclusion to these negotiations as soon as possible.
Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Lynn Krug. Welcome.

Lynn Krug: Thank you, Mayor Burt, City Council Members, for seeing us this
evening. I'm Lynn Krug. I'm Chapter Chair for SEIU employees. We
number some 546 employees of which the average pay is around $70,000,
$75,000 a year. What we're asking for for an average, across-the-board, for
COLAs hurts all members within the duration of an extended contract within
two years. We're not asking for top dollar. We're asking for median. We
came in already saving the City a great deal of money by being well under
median. Our CPI and COLAs were already below the average, and we were
already losing approximately 2 percent this past year of the previous
contract. As Peggy, Lydia and Mark said, I will reiterate. We're not asking
for great things. We're asking for a fair wage. When you look across at
what other cities are getting, we're not asking for above median. We're not
                                                                         Page 4 of 91
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/8/16
