                         TRANSCRIPT
this Saturday, September 10th, from 10:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. at Mitchell
Park the City will be partnering with the Palo Alto YMCA to co-host the
second annual health fair as part of the Council's Healthy City/Healthy
Community initiative. It is again an entirely free event sponsored by the
City of Palo Alto, the Y, Kaiser Permanent, Palo Alto Medical Foundation,
Sutter Health, Stanford Children's Health, and Stanford Medicine. For more
information, go to the City's webpage, cityofpaloalto.org, or ymcasv.org.
That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. This is a chance for
members of the public to speak on items that are not otherwise agendized.
We have two speakers. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to come
forward to submit a card at this time. Our first speaker is Sea Reddy, to be
followed by Joseph Duran. Each speaker has up to three minutes to speak.
Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, City Council and Palo Alto citizens. I just
returned from my six day trip to Singapore and India. I have to say Palo
Alto is truly heaven on earth. There's no doubt. There couldn't be any
better place in my view. Taking that for all the goodness, I ran into an
article on Sunday in the San Francisco Chronicle about Palo Alto's prosperity.
It says "pangs," and I'm not familiar with the word. I read it line by line
about six times. There are some things I think we want to think through
more carefully. We don't want to make some decision or let the world think
that we are anti-business in the Downtown area. I want to share some of
my experience. Boeing looked for a corporate office all over the country,
and they went to Chicago. They wanted to get away from Washington,
liberal and all that. They wanted to be next to their customer, so they put in
400 people in downtown Chicago on Riverside Drive. We don't want to come
across here like we don't like corporations and we only want startups. It's a
changing world. We've done well in the last 70 years. I don't think we want
to set back. I'm not saying we want more cars, more this, more that.
Please reconsider, say the right things so we come across the right away.
Innovation changes every five years as we know. We have new leadership
with Stanford. A lot more high tech, a lot more biotech. We want to take
advantage of that. I think it's a (inaudible) type joke when they say we
cannot have people coding Downtown. That is not enforceable. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Joseph Duran.


                                                                       Page 33 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
