                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Shikada: Just for the purpose of clarification, I wanted to be sure we're
clear on what we're coming back with. It's effectively to reconcile the
figures in our number of accounts versus the overall demand. We'll respond
separately to Council with that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes this item.

12.   Direction on the Fifth Scenario Proposed for Analysis in the
      Comprehensive Plan Update Environmental Impact Report (EIR),
      Approval of Amendment Number 5 to PlaceWorks Contract Number
      C08125506 for the Analysis, and Approval of a Related Budget
      Appropriation.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is direction on the fifth scenario proposed for
analysis in the Comprehensive Plan Update Environmental Impact Report, or
EIR, and approval of Amendment Number 5 to PlaceWorks Contract Number
C08125506 for the analysis and approval of a related budget—I'm not sure
this is worded right. Is it Contract Number for the analysis and approval of a
related budget appropriation? So be it.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt. Council Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director.
I am joined this evening by Elena Lee on our Staff and Elaine Costello, who
has joined our Comp Plan team as a contractor to help us take this project
over the finish line. Also, in the audience this evening is Joanna Jansen from
the consulting firm, PlaceWorks, that we've been working with on this Comp
Plan Update for some time now. I thought we should maybe just step back
before we start and talk about why we're doing this and just the fact that
this is a momentous task. It's an opportunity, really a kind of a once in a
generation undertaking to update the policy guidance that will inform
decision-making in the City for some time to come. It's an opportunity to
develop updated policies on a host of important issues including land use,
transportation, natural resources and those other ones you see on this list.
As with any similar planning effort, community engagement has been key to
the effort. I wanted to thank the Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) who
have been meeting monthly as well as the subcommittees which have
entailed much more frequent meetings.            They have all been working
extremely hard, and we're grateful for their efforts. We can't forget that
we're working on a Plan for the future. I like to include this picture of a
baby who attended our Comp Plan Summit, because we're really doing this
Plan for people of around that age group. It's important that we remember
that. There are three strands to this planning process. These are parallel

                                                                       Page 51 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
