                            TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT F RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “

B.   Scenario 6:

     i.    Add to Table 2 Scenario 6, ‘reduce parking requirements for
           residential   developments     when in   conjunction   with
           Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and adjacent to on
           street parking restrictions.’”

Council Member Berman:       Is it just reduce parking requirements, not
reduce, reduce the parking requirements?

Council Member Wolbach: You can get rid of the second one.

Mayor Burt: Or the first.

Council Member Wolbach:        Thank you, Council Member DuBois, for
seconding that, and Mayor Burt for the tweak on the language.

Mayor Burt:    I got it.    I'm just looking at the way that David has it
organized.

Council Member Wolbach: My second suggested addition would be to add to
Table 3—this one will actually be for Scenarios 5 and 6 potentially. It's not
as much about growth as it is about a stylistic approach to planning. It
would be a new line for Table 3, Scenario 5 and 6, coordinated area plans
aka precise plans would be a usable and normal planning tool in Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt: What does that to do with an EIR?

Council Member Wolbach: If you look at the first item in Table 3, it talks
about changing how we use Planned Communities in a very general sense.
We're saying in changes to how we do planning in the City, we're going to
pursue amendments or reforms to Planned Communities. I'm personally not
a huge fan of PCs. I'm not going to fight on removing that one right now. If
others want to argue about that, we could.

Mayor Burt: This "uses a normal planning tool" is not descriptive enough. It
sounds to me like what you're wanting to do ...

Council Member Wolbach: How about a "usable planning tool"? Right now,
it's unused since SOFA and SOFA II.




                                                                       Page 66 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
