                          TRANSCRIPT
near there, I've observed for a couple of decades that it is inefficiently laid
out and in bad need of a redo. Are we either way intending to have some
redo of that parking lot?

Mr. de Geus: Great question, Mayor Burt. We are, and it's part of the long-
range plan for Rinconada Park, to reconfigure that parking lot. It's actually
not only inefficient but it's unsafe. Kids going from the Children's Library or
Lucie Stern to the park or the Junior Museum and Zoo, there's no way to
walk easily other than through the parking lot. Too many times I've seen
real dangers there. We would need to rebuild that in any case.

Mayor Burt: It sounds like you're answering one of my next questions. If
and when we rebuild the parking lot, it would be improved in pedestrian
safety and flow. What about bikes as well?

Mr. de Geus: Absolutely, bike and pedestrian. There's a lot that happens at
Rinconada Park as you know, Mayor Burt, living near there. There isn't
really enough parking even for what we have there now. We need to do
everything we can to encourage walking and biking to the amenities there.

Mayor Burt: Does this plan have extensive bike racks planned it?

Mr. de Geus: It does.

Mayor Burt: I did have one question on the ingress and egress. Is it now in
this drawing just planning to go opposite Kellogg?

Mr. McClure: Can you repeat the question? I'm sorry.

Mayor Burt: Is the only parking lot ingress and egress intended to be at
Kellogg going forward?

Mr. McClure: Yes, that's correct. There would be an entrance here right at
that intersection.   We'd reorient the parking 90 degrees and have
perpendicular parking, drop-off zone in and around the front. We're kind of
separating that out. We would connect over to the lot that's between Lucie
Stern and the Girl Scouts building. There's a raised pedestrian crosswalk
that would come through here to separate that, to allow sort of a clear
pedestrian path and an exit out onto Hopkins.

Mayor Burt: Having observed this lot for a long while and actually witnessed
a serious collision at that intersection, I'd encourage our Transportation Staff
to work with you more closely on whether it's better to retain a limited
ingress and/or egress at or near the current one close to the Zoo building,
but not allow all four movements perhaps at either of these. Having four

                                                                          Page 10 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
