                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid no

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: If I might just do a time check with you all, 10 minutes past
your time-check time. This item was scheduled to be completed at 8:15;
we're 2 hours behind schedule. We have two items, the 101 pedestrian
bridge ...

Mayor Burt: We have our Urban Forest Master Plan and the 101 pedestrian
overcrossing. Let me just ask Council Members how much discussion do
they feel they will need to have on each of these next two items, just kind of
a ...

Council Member Kniss: I could move approval on the bike one right now.

Mayor Burt: I think we have some hope, more than hope, belief that we will
have—the next two items will be relatively short. You will, at the end of the
meeting, be able to appraise whether we were at all accurate in that
anticipation.

Mr. Keene: Hope plus results.

6.   Approval of a Contract With Biggs Cardosa Associates, Inc. in the
     Amount of $1,474,297 to Provide Design and Environmental
     Assessment Services for the Adobe Creek/Highway 101 Pedestrian
     Overcrossing, Capital Improvements Program Project PE-11011.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is approval of a contract with Biggs Cardosa
Associates in the amount of $1,474,000 to provide design and environmental
assessment services for the Adobe Creek/Highway 101 pedestrian
overcrossing. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Mayor, while Staff is setting up, even though
we had given the Council—you have a packet from the potential
presentation. We have actually reorganized that and skinnied it down a little
bit. If you wouldn't mind following the presentation on your monitors, I
think we can get through it more quickly. Brad, Mike.

Mike Sartor, Public Works Director: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council
Members. I'm Mark Sartor, Public Works Director. As you recall, we
brought this item to you last December with a recommendation to terminate
negotiations with Moffatt and Nichol, the prior designer of a bridge that
turned out to be a lot more costly than we thought it would be. You directed
                                                                       Page 83 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
