                          TRANSCRIPT
terminated, and that money not to go someplace else. I was concerned that
only the first measure would actually be circulated, and that appears to be
what's happening. Last Thursday, the proponents notified the Secretary of
State that they had collected 25 percent of the signatures needed. That
initiates a process in the Legislature for a joint committee hearing on the
initiative. I would urge the Council, the Staff and lobbyist to pay attention to
when that hearing is happening, because the City may want to participate.
It could happen as late as June 30th, which is the last day to qualify a
measure for the November ballot. On the timing, if the proponents want to
have time for an actual signature count of every signature, they'd have to
turn in their petitions next week, because there's a three-stage process.
First, counting how many signatures have been turned in, then doing a
random sample. If the random sample is not more than 110 percent of the
number needed, counting every signature. They cannot do that on their
present schedule. They've been asking people to turn signatures in by
April 26th, and that would meet the May 9th deadline of qualifying by
random sample. They would have to get more than 110 percent valid
signature of the 585,407 they would need for a Constitutional amendment.
The other thing that I would urge Council, to the extent that it can have any
influence over these proponents, is to circulate the other initiative which is
just about High Speed Rail. It only requires 365,880 valid signatures
because it's only a statute and doesn't involve a Constitutional amendment.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Mike Francois. Welcome.

Mike Francois: Welcome, Mayor and Council Members. I'm just going to
share some information with you, because you're my neighbors. I did with
Menlo Park already. Roundup which is the pesticide which Monsanto uses,
we're going to try to get rid of it in East Palo Alto. Menlo Park already
banned it. I'm bring this information to you because Parilman Law Firm
down in San Diego, we have a—it's 800-908-5770, Parilman Law Firm.
What they're going do is go against Monsanto. The attorney down there is
named Joseph Eaton. He's representing all 50 states in the United States to
rid the United States of Roundup. One of his reasons are there's a girl in
Texas who got—Roundup was in their recycled water. Not the recycled
water, in their groundwater. That Roundup contained glyphosphate which
gave her cancer. Somehow it got into her ladies' garment, her tampon, and
it got down there. She's allegedly losing her leg behind this. She was an
athlete. I'm just passing the information on to you. If you are using
Roundup, maybe you want to study it or check your groundwater and see if
you have this glyphosphate, because it—this attorney, Joseph Eaton, wants
to know if anybody has symptoms of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. If they have
that, they need to call him because he's representing all 50 states, and he's
                                                                         Page 32 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
