                         TRANSCRIPT
housing and eliminating the ability of one person to harm another through
secondhand smoke. Telling people you can't gain access to something that
only will hurt you and you can't even buy it is not something I'm in favor of.
Let me just make sure I'm clear about a couple of things.

Mr. Bobel:     Could I just address that one point, just to make sure
everybody's on the same page with respect to it? This 500-foot thing would
kick in, in two ways. One, if a new facility came along that wanted to locate
within 500 feet of somebody else. Secondly, if there was a change of
ownership of one of the two that were there already. It doesn't affect
people who continue to own a business within 500 feet of somebody else.

Council Member Wolbach: I understand. Yes, that's right. I fully appreciate
that. Thank you for clarifying for everyone else. Let me be clear about a
couple of things. If we were to adopt this, would the City then—sorry if I
missed it. Is the City going to be issuing the permits or will the County be
issuing all the permits?

Mr. Bobel: The County.

Council Member Wolbach: Is it possible for us to ask the County to not
enforce the 500-foot requirement for permits issued within Palo Alto? Just
skip that one line.

Mr. Bobel: The County was very firm—not just Nicole, not to blame it on
her. The whole County structure was very firm on this. It would have to be
the exact same Ordinance, and that's what we're agreeing to in the
agreement, to have the same exact requirements. I don't mean Ordinance;
I mean the agreement. In the agreement, we're committing to that.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that might sink Part Two for me.

Mayor Burt: Phil, can you or someone point out—I see "(e)," but I don't—I
was trying to find the passage on the sale of the business trigger. "(f)." Got
it. Let me just jump in here. You're saying if we change a word of this, we
can't get the County to enforce it?

Mr. Bobel: It's not so much a word, but that's a requirement. The
requirement is on change of ownership that the 500-foot thing would kick in
or a new facility, the 500-foot thing would apply. Again, it's a policy issue
for the County that it's part of, as Nicole said, their desire to restrict the
number and the density of tobacco sales. I guess you either agree with that
or you don't.



                                                                        Page 61 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
