                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Yes, up to a certain level in Areas 9 and 10.

Mr. Beamer: That's better than nothing. I'd prefer no commercial parking.
I think most Crescent—let me emphasize again, we traditionally have never
had that problem. You're pushing the problem into our neighborhood. If
you're unmoved by that argument, at least do the "9" and "10" RPP,
because otherwise they'll all inundate us with free parking.

Council Member Kniss: I think you're being very rational. In that case I can
go ahead with this. I'm really pleased that you stayed 'til this hour in order
to answer our questions. Thank you so much.'

Mr. Beamer: It's better than watching the Iowa primaries.

Council Member Kniss: Let us also put into this that—I don't know where it
says this is a pilot program. Is that inherent in our Motion?

Council Member Schmid: No, it's to come back and we will discuss.

Council Member Kniss:     When we come back, we will discuss that it is a
pilot?

Council Member Wolbach: Isn't that inherent in this entire program? That's
already in the ordinance and it's in the resolution already. Right?

Council Member Kniss: I don't see it in here in writing, but I'm going to
presume that it goes right into—where? The pilot, thank you. Thank you
very much. Phase 2 is a pilot. I think that's the only way I can vote for this,
knowing it'll come back, knowing it's going to have more airing in the public.
Thank you again, Mr. Beamer, for showing up and for your very rational help
with making this decision. With that, I think we should vote and go home.

Council Member Schmid: Any other comments?

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to:

A.    Adopt an Ordinance to add Section 10.50.085 (Eligibility Areas) and
      amend Section 10.50.090 (Modification or Termination of Districts) of
      Title 10 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code relating to Residential Parking
      Programs; and

B.    Adopt the RPP Administrative Guidelines; and




                                                                       Page 123 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
