                          TRANSCRIPT
finding needs to be answered in the affirmative in order for it to get an
approval. We can certainly look at how we might adjust the language here
to be explicitly clear about that. I also think with respect to your other
comment about the sort of strengthening or sharpening our focus on that,
we're trying to take this from a couple of different angles. Another angle
that's sort of in the background of all this is our Staff Reports. We've made
some changes to our Staff Reports that are going to be coming online, I
believe, next month where we're drilling down on these areas a little bit
more specifically, so that we're sharing that.

Mayor Burt: The other way that we approach some of this is, for instance,
we have context based guidelines. I'm sorry, what do we call them? Yeah.
Within them are some drawings of examples of what is contextually
consistent in several regards. It strikes me that maybe we need to look at
additional examples that aren't covered well enough in the context
guidelines. We may not want to—we may or may not want to have
examples that maybe are in Palo Alto or outside. In the current ones, we
have abstractions of examples, I think. I don't think we have any concrete
"this building in this environment." I think about some of the buildings at
Stanford in recent years that are distinctly modern buildings abutting historic
buildings on campus, that also to most viewers would be viewed as being
contextually compatible. You look at colors and materials, and then even
certain architectural mass and scale and lines. A lot of the elements that
you look and you just go, "That's really interesting. That's a distinctly
modern building right next to an historic building, and it works." Then we
have other places in town where we have sometimes really distinctive new
buildings that are higher quality than we might get on average in the
community and stick out like a sore thumb in their context. We just haven't
been doing a good job for a long while on this. I think that the Council had
been hesitant for quite a while to really intercede in this decision-making.
Starting about two years ago, we kind of said enough's enough, or a number
of us. I think we're now moving in the right direction. I think that this
clarity that's being provided here will help. I think that we may still be
missing some aspects of references to what meets these, so that people can
see examples, both the public and the ARB, to what is our intent. That may
be something that Staff would want to look at considering. I'm not going to
recommend putting that in the Motion. Now I want to just go to that final
part which is around the landscape.           First, I think "desirable" is a
problematic word. I don't know in whose eyes something is desirable. I
don't think it's very concrete nor clear. I'm not sure that what I'm going to
offer is as good as we may want. I was thinking along the lines that we
want to complement and enhance the building design. We aren't just saying
that it's good landscaping. It's good landscaping in relation to that building.
We want it to be high-quality landscaping, and maybe we need to emphasize
                                                                         Page 34 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
