                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: How does that work? Who is responsible for closing that gap
between the billed amount and the ...

Mr. Cohen: Ultimately, it's the BID's responsibility to make sure that we
don't have a gap in that funding. Unfortunately, there is and there always
has been. It's very difficult to close that loop. There is no carrot and stick.
There's a lot of companies out there that simply don't pay their invoices,
their assessment fees. There's a variety of reasons why that happens. I'll
give you a couple of examples. Let's take Bank of America, for example. By
the way, the highest assessment fee is a financial institution. They get their
invoice to the local branch, and they don't know what to do with it. They
pass it on to a regional branch. The regional branch sends it to their
company headquarters in South Carolina. They don't know what to do with
it. It just goes into this bureaucratic quagmire, sort of the swirling vortex.
It's very difficult to get a company like Bank of America, for example, to pay
a simple $500 invoice. Another example might be a startup. A startup says
to themselves, "We're only going to be here for a year or two. We're either
going to get sold or we're going to go away. What is the incentive for us to
pay the invoice?" There's a lot of different reasons why they don't pay the
invoice. We're lucky that our attrition rate is what it is; it could be larger.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. I want to direct the other question to Staff around
really the purpose of the BID. The question is about whether the BID has a
lobbying function. We've had the BID come before the Council and be
strong lobbying advocates often against positions that the City is intending
to take. As I look at the Bylaws, there's a section that says including but not
limited to the following activities. Then, it goes into a description of the
following activities that seem to describe what was the intention of the BID,
which really I believe when it was set up didn't include lobbying, but it's
morphed into that. The question is really is that a proper use. If the Council
did not want to enable a body, because we create the BID, who has as one
of its functions to oppose the actions of the Council ...

Mr. Cohen: And support.

Mayor Burt: ... how would we—pardon me?

Mr. Cohen: And support as well.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We're done. I'm speaking to the Staff.

Mr. Cohen: I'm sorry.

Mr. Burt: You can sit; that's okay. How would we go about addressing that?

                                                                           Page 19 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
