                            TRANSCRIPT
of the community. The support of the Council we'll see tonight. I also want
to thank Acterra, which is the fiscal sponsor for the donkey project and has
provided the organizational stability to help us. Thank you for all that you're
doing. I hope that you support this Motion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Alice Smith.

Alice Smith: I don't live in Barron Park; I live in Palo Alto and have done
since 1965. The area is one of the gracious open space areas where we
bike, we walk, we have our dogs running around. My grandchildren go
through there from San Francisco when they come down to get some
warmth in the summer. It's a lovely area. I think if you can support the
community barbecues and all the other things where you help community,
actually the donkey farm itself is a community center, which we should be
supporting. If it's connected with the zoo or whatever else you want to do in
order to make it logistically possible, I don't know what way you do it, but
it's certainly a good use of our taxpayers' money. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: One quick comment. The donkeys live in the
pasture that belongs to James Witt, who wanted to be here this evening. He
very much wanted to be here this evening, but family obligations kept him
from being here.       That's one thing.      I would like to move the
recommendation that's included in the Colleagues' Memo, which is
essentially to commit $15,000 in Council Contingency Funds, $10,000 of that
being matching and challenge funds. The other $5,000 to be committed
once that challenge is met.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to:

A.        Direct and authorize the City Manager to prepare and execute a
          Memorandum of Agreement with Acterra to make an initial grant of
          $10,000 for donkey-related expenses, and, upon successful private
          fundraising by the Barron Park Donkey Project of $10,000, provide an
          additional City grant of $5,000; and

B.        Amend the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Appropriation Ordinance for the
          General Fund budget by:

     i.        Increasing the Community Services Department appropriation
               for grants and subsidies in the amount of $15,000; and
                                                                        Page 110 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
