                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:    I don't know.    The Chair of the Downtown TMA is small
business.

Council Member Holman: Is it Susan Graf maybe?

Mayor Burt: No. The regional manager of Philz. He's a strong advocate.

Council Member Holman: That's sort of small.

Mayor Burt: It's not a given that it's a large business owner. A separate
question what we want to do, but I'm just saying it's not a given.

Council Member Holman: I wanted to pile onto something you said earlier
too. I'd actually advocate for—I think it's a good list. I'm not quite sure
nonprofits, what they add. Most of the nonprofits in the area are smaller
ones. I'm not sure about that one. All the other ones, I think, are good
selections, and I would advocate for one more small business owner. You
mentioned something earlier about people on the committee needing to
come to the party with an open mind and not closed to things.

Mayor Burt: I actually said it different from an open mind.

Council Member Holman: You said it differently, yes.

Mayor Burt: If I can, I want to make that distinction. That are committed to
the outcome. Not just open to that, but committed to the outcomes of
coming up with a funding solution to address the transportation.

Council Member Holman: Committed to an outcome, but I also would want
to see that members were committed to a range of outcomes including the
business transportation tax. I don't want any options foreclosed at the
beginning. Yes, committed to an outcome, but also committed to means to
get to an outcome.

Mayor Burt: We had already covered that in the framing of it and what I
read at the outset, which is that broad.

Council Member Holman: One other—sorry, I didn't catch that, I guess. The
other thing is I keep hearing here and there the decision has already been
made about parking fees. With any of the considerations including parking
fees because that's what's on my mind right now, I'd want to make sure that
the committee addresses what the impacts are. In other words, who's
paying and what the impact is from any proposition. Let's just, for purposes
of conversation, say it's parking meters Downtown.


                                                                    Page 101 of 120
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 10/24/16
