                          TRANSCRIPT
periodic inspection and also to facilitate future maintenance of any damages
to the balcony. The second item is actually a redundancy to the first item.
We're requiring pressure-treated lumber or still framing members to the
exterior balconies, also again to prevent any dry rot damage to balconies.
The third item is we are decreasing the threshold for fire sprinklers required
for new construction down to 350 square feet from 1,000 square feet for
accessory structures and for new residential construction. The next item is
we're requiring preliminary accessibility inspections of existing buildings that
require commercial permits before they're issued. We already have this
program implemented with the Building Division. What we have found is
that this program really helps alleviate disabled access problems—problems
with compliance in the field. The last item we have that we're highlighting is
basement window wells. When basement window wells are deeper than 30
inches, they require a guardrail for fall prevention. The current Ordinance
requires gates at the top of the guardrail where the access ladder comes.
What we have found is that this is a very cumbersome configuration where
you climb up the gate and then you have to reach over and open the latch to
open the gate. During an emergency situation, we don't think that this is a
very good construction assembly. We're now requiring that the ladder goes
up to the top of the guardrail and you climb over. Also, previously we
disallowed window well grates. Now we're going to allow them again in our
changes.

Mr. Pirnejad: Thank you very much. Now we move on to the Green Building
Code and some of the amendments that we're proposing there. Here to
speak on that item is Melanie Jacobson. Melanie, please.

Melanie Jacobson, Green Building Coordinator: Thank you. Honorable
Council Members, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you tonight. If
you recall last year, we brought forth before you the Green Building
Ordinance, which was a mid-Code cycle update. Those recommendations
came before you in collaboration with the Green Building Advisory Group.
Much of the Ordinance that was brought before you last year has remained
intact. Many of the updates are clarifications and other recommendations by
the Green Building Advisory Group that I'll go through now, that are on the
slide. One amendment that is proposed in the Ordinance is the inclusion of
a deconstruction survey for all residential demolition permits. When a
residential project comes to the Development Center to obtain a demolition
permit, they'll be required to complete a deconstruction survey, which
essentially is a survey of the existing conditions that's performed by a third
party. That third party identifies the items that can be reused and resold
through a third-party vendor. At that point, the applicant can give those
materials to that third party, and then those get put onto this market. The
next item is the laundry to landscape infrastructure piping.         That's a
                                                                         Page 39 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
