                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: I was just giving you a preview that in May we will be sort of
teeing up this question for you.      At the current time, we're as Staff
comfortable proposing the protection be with the levees. Since the question
had come up in both of the ARB and P&TC, I didn't want to ignore it. I
wanted to make sure you realize that there are—one could take the position
that we should have several belts and suspenders on this thing.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I just want to find out when does the
door close on us making changes to this proposal to provide either a higher
floor or other protections if we did decide perhaps at or following that May
discussion that depending on the levees was not adequate insurance for sea
level rise during the lifetime of this facility.

Mr. Bobel: We're at the 100-percent design level on this facility. We've
designed it. Any major change is a major, major cost to the City. Just to
redesign it would cost big bucks.

Council Member Wolbach: Understood. Just a couple of thoughts about
this. One, I can't speak for everybody here, just referring to Council
Member Kniss' comments that we won't be here. I certainly hope to be here
several years from now and, I think, many of us in the community and the
next generation in the community will be here. Land sea level rise is a very,
very real and pressing threat. The real question is how does the lifetime of a
facility match with the timeline for sea level rise. That's the real question
that I'd suggest we ought to consider in our preparations for sea level rise.

Mr. Bobel: Could I just give you a quick answer to that? Most of this kind of
stuff we say has a life of 30 years. The estimates toward the end of the
century are three to five feet, but this is only a 30-year design life. We've
added a foot on, and that's sort of our response. The other response is that
this is just one, frankly, small part of our facility, even though it's going to
cost over $20 million. The rest of the facility wouldn't be compatible
anyway. It really, frankly, wouldn't do much good to take this one facility
and raise it to a higher level. If we need belts and suspenders, we're going
to have to develop a different kind of belt and suspender. We can't just pad
the whole thing up. We're going to have to use pumps and other systems
like the northern European countries have to deal with the problem.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate that clarification. That actually really
helps me think about this challenge. Thank you for that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:       I thought the questions you got from
Mr. Waldfogel and Herb Borock were good questions on height, on odor, on
                                                                          Page 46 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
