                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can I make one comment?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Mayor Burt: I neglected to make one comment on the San Antonio Road
sites. That's to bear in mind, right now we don't have very good transit
down there. There's some services, but it's not a service rich area. We
have on the horizon electrification of Caltrain, which will—if it happens by
2021 as it's scheduled, it will drastically alter the service levels at both Cal.
Ave. and San Antonio Road. We should really be thinking about that. This
housing, how soon would it get built? We're 2016 now. We wouldn't have
projects submitted for another year or more, and then these tend to take a
couple of years. We're talking 2019 probably, pretty much at the earliest,
before we actually see very many things start happening. That's only a
couple of years away from when we'd have Caltrain electrification. Since
we're thinking about these as development that's going to be there for 50
years or so, we really ought to bearing in mind that change that's going to
happen in the Caltrain Corridor. The land value increase that is happening
right now for commercial land, I've been told within a half mile of Caltrain,
it's like 30 or 50 percent higher than a mile or more away for office. That
maybe more so on office than residential. In this environment and our
future environment, that's really valuable land. We also haven't figured out
any way to monetize that increase of land value around transit to help pay
for transit and to help pay for parks, common space, all these things. That's
another meta issue that we haven't had here, but I just want people to start
thinking about that and for Staff to start thinking about it. I think that's
really crucial as we go into all these other things. We're going to create a
whole bunch of value. We may get housing out of it, and we'll create value
for developers and not necessarily for government to be able to help provide
the very important things that have to go hand in hand with that. I don't
have those answers. I just want people to start thinking about it. Sorry I
went back.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's all good. There was a couple of things on my list
here. The first thing is a number of my Colleagues spoke about the need for
housing for moderate income Palo Altans, teachers, firefighters, employees
of the City. What we need to do is figure out how to do that. I would like to
make a Motion that Staff come back to us with how we could achieve that.
That includes in my mind what dollars can we use from our affordable
housing funds, what rules do we need to change so, as we collect fees in the
future, if we can't use those funds how that would work. We're about to
look at our new impact fees, how those impact fees could be used for these
projects. What are the barriers to doing that and how we can overcome it.


                                                                         Page 95 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
