                           TRANSCRIPT
the train. If it hadn't been for a couple of us who said let's give it a try, let's
stay at it, that would have been cut down from the 96 today to 48 trains. I
was there; I remember it well. It's only five years ago. Much of our
prosperity is what's driving our needs right now. I don't want us to forget
that. It is so easy to have this turn around in a hurry. In '08, suddenly
everything went down. At that point, there were businesses who were no
longer functioning in this community. It can be very different. I think, yes,
polling is always a good idea because it gives you a pretty clear picture even
if we're hearing that polling in the national race isn't quite the same. I think
we need to look really carefully at all of this. We've just increased the
Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT), and we haven't spent the money yet from
the TOT. I think the public is aware of that. VTA has been—in this case, it's
essentially a planning group in the community that has been doing a good
job of planning what could be on the November ballot that would benefit, as
we heard earlier, all 15 of the cities. I would not say exactly what direction
we should go in, what is the best way to decide what to do next. I think a
polling actually will give us a good picture of where we are currently. I
would then go from there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: All of this is moving so fast. I really just want to
make sure that we're very deliberate about what we do moving forward. I
wasn't on Council when Council tried a business license tax five or six years
ago, or six or seven years ago, that didn't work very well. I know there's
likely to be a transportation measure on the ballot this November. I can't
even keep track any more of all the other ballot measures that are going to
be on the ballot this November, from a possible extension of the Prop 30
taxes to who knows what. Everyday there's a new initiative. Not to say that
I'm discounting anything; it's just that I haven't seen an analysis of
everything that's happening. We need to have a much more deliberate
conversation about that. The fact that we'd have to approve something by
July 2nd, although there might be wiggle room there, that's fast. That's fast
to also get a lot of feedback from the business community which we would
have to do if this were to be a responsible initiative. I agree we need to fully
fund the TMA and that we need to do everything we can to give it the
resources to be successful, but I think we need to have a bit more robust
discussion about what that mechanism is, whether it's a tax or an increase
of fees. I don't even want to speculate. I think we just need to have that
larger conversation. I kind of thought that maybe that was what this was
going to be. I didn't realize we were going to go so quickly down one path.
I thought we'd kick it to Policy and Services Committee (P&S) to have that
discussion. If we decide to create an ad hoc committee, that's another
alternative. All I'd say is I'm not closed off to any options, but let's go slow,
                                                                            Page 83 of 99
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/14/16
