                         TRANSCRIPT
we've studied it to death. Staff, PTC, members of the community poured a
lot into trying to make this work. I don't think it works. Even if we have the
money to do it, I don't think it's a good idea for our community. I'd suggest
letting go of a bike path along Matadero.

Council Member DuBois: To speak to my second. Rather than—actually I'd
offer maybe a friendly amendment. Rather than just deleting D, E and F, as
a fallback, a second option would be to ask the County if we could spend
that money on Meadow as a connection to our bike bridge to the Baylands.
The first thing would be to ask for Loma Verde. If they say no, have a
secondary use.

Council Member Wolbach: I would just say "ask if we can use it for any of
our other bikeway improvements in the area." Rather than specifying East
Meadow, just ask if we can use it somewhere else, but drop reference to
Matadero Creek.

Council Member DuBois: Can we add that?

Council Member Wolbach: Let's change "remove" to "replace." If it says "if
not," "return to Council with alternatives of where the money can be spent."

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Council Member DuBois to replace in the Substitute Motion Part B, “if not or
the Loma Verde Avenue Path is determined to be infeasible, return to
Council of where to use the grant money” with “if not return to Council with
alternatives for use of the grant money if possible.”

Council Member DuBois: Again, I won't support the Motion with D, E and F
in there. I really think it's a waste of Staff time and money. We'd be back
to a 6-month-a-year underpass and a short path that doesn't really go
anywhere. Those streets are pretty quiet. There'll be (inaudible) to connect
Ross and Greer.

Mayor Burt: I'm not quite clear what this Amendment is saying regarding
the Matadero D, E and F segment. I want Council Member Wolbach to hear
this if possible. I want to speak to this real quickly. I want to quickly just
really say Council Member Wolbach said that the PTC, the Staff and the
community had basically all opposed this D, E and F. Actually ...

Council Member Wolbach: I don't think I said that.

                                                                       Page 66 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
