                         TRANSCRIPT
thought the measure should focus on alternative transportation compared to
30 percent who thought that it should focus on accommodating more cars.
There was a relatively sizable subgroup who declined to make a choice
there. 12 percent told us they thought that both should be a focus of
funding from the measure. After gauging this initial support, we then dug in
a little bit more to see how voters would react to pro and con arguments and
how that initial nearly two-thirds support we saw might change with more
information. 65 percent initially told us they would vote yes. After we went
through a series of arguments in favor of the measure, that proportion went
up to 72 percent. After we went through opposition messages, it declined
again to 66 percent, but ended up in roughly the same place as it started
with 66 percent saying they would vote yes, 30 percent saying that they
would vote no. Here's a little more detail on the nature of the messages
that we tested on each side of the debate. This first slide highlights some of
the key messages in favor of the measure that were tested. These are
presented in the order in which the respondents ranked them in terms of
how convincing they were as a reason to vote yes. You'll see at the top of
the list a message which talks about having businesses pay their fair share
to improve transportation services and noting that Palo Alto is one of the few
cities that does not charge a business tax, talking about keeping streets safe
by taking traffic flow out of the neighborhoods, and also helping to retain
shoppers in the City by providing transportation infrastructure that will make
it possible for them to shop more easily, a parallel argument about making it
convenient for employees to work at local businesses as well. As we move
down the list, you'll see a range of messages that smaller numbers of voters
rated as being highly convincing. Many of these that you see toward the
bottom of the list are ones that are focused on the mechanics or the process
involved in how the measure fits in with the City's transportation planning
and the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) measure. Those
overall were notably less compelling reasons to vote yes, not things that
voters necessarily objected to. They just didn't seem them as strong
reasons to motivate a yes vote. Here you'll see the ranking of those
messages in terms of the proportion that rated them either very or
somewhat convincing. The dark green bars are the very convincing. The
top testing message on the list here, as you'll see, is the only one that
exceeds 40 percent, which is the threshold that we usually look to for
messages that we consider to be highly effective arguments in favor of a
measure. That's the one that talks about the lack of a business tax and the
notion that this would be a mechanism for having businesses pay into
improvements to transportation infrastructure. There's a suite of messages,
most of them from that first slide, that dealt with some of the specific ways
that the measure would benefit local businesses and neighborhoods, that all
came close to that 40 percent threshold but were just short of it. As I noted
at the bottom of the slide, some of those more process-oriented arguments
                                                                        Page 47 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
