                            TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Hamilton: That is correct. We did our best to try and minimize the
overlaying trees over image. Let me start over. When we do this, mostly
it's done in Photoshop. When you have trees that have very complicated
outlines and whatnot, it can get time consuming. We had limited time to
produce the images. Anything where it's showing removal of trees or it
looks like the project is actually stepping in front of the trees, my apologies.
That's not the intent.

Council Member Berman: I wasn't trying to pass blame. In reality though,
the project would be much more covered up by tree cover than it currently
looks like in the proposed image. Is that correct?

Ms. Hamilton: That is correct.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: One final question I have. Is this solar system in any way
covered under the California Solar Rights Act? If so, how does that impact
our decision-making?

Ms. Stump: I'm going to let Cara come back and talk to you about the
elements of the Solar Rights Act. We think that the proposal that's before
you and the discretionary decisions you have to make are both consistent
with it.

Ms. Silver: Yes, thank you. The California Solar Rights Act allows applicants
to install solar panels or PV panels without complying, without receiving
discretionary permits such as architectural review. The panels themselves
are not subject to architectural review. However, the structure where the
panels are located is subject to architectural review.

Mayor Burt: You're talking about the vertical support structures that would
hold them up?

Ms. Silver: Yes, exactly.

Mayor Burt: If we were to require some reduction in the panels, for
instance, and a setback, the structure would still be there. That's subject to
architectural review, but we couldn't mandate the panels be pulled back?
We could say that you can't have the structure there, you're saying?

Ms. Silver: Correct. I don't think it's possible to place the panels without a
structure. Assuming it is possible, if there was a way to locate panels
without a structure, there would be no discretionary review (crosstalk).


                                                                         Page 49 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
