                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: Faircourt #3 and #4 Single Story Overlay (SSO)
      Rezoning: Request for a Zone Change of the Faircourt #3 and #4
      Tracts #1921 and #1816 From R-1 Single Family Residential (8000) to
      R-1(8000)(S) Single Family Residential With Single Story Overlay
      (SSO); Environmental Assessment: Exempt From the California
      Environmental Quality Act per Section 15305; Planning and
      Transportation Commission Recommended Denial of the SSO Request.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item Number 11, which is a Public
Hearing on single-story overlay for Faircourt Number 3 and Number 4. This
is a request for a zone change of those Faircourt 3 and 4 tracts from R-1
single-family residential to R-1 single-family residential with a single-story
overlay. The environmental assessment is that it's exempt from CEQA. The
Planning and Transportation Commission recommended denial of the Single
Story Overlay (SSO) request. Mr. Lait, welcome.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor Burt. Good evening, City Council. Amy French, our Chief
Planning Official, will give the presentation tonight. I just wanted to take a
second to thank and acknowledge Amy for her hard work on not only this,
but there's been a lot of these SSO requests, and they do take a lot of time
and care and feeding with the applicants and so forth.

Mayor Burt: I should have noted that at our places there was a stapled
packet that is labeled Item Number 8, but it appears to be related to this
Item Number 11. I just wanted to make sure everybody saw that. Ms.
French, welcome.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official:        Thank you, Mayor and Council
Members. We're here tonight for the Faircourt single-story overlay request,
which was initiated by property owners within this tract. The application for
a single-story overlay requires a certain minimum threshold of support for a
single-story overlay. In the case of a tract that has Conditions, Covenants
and restrictions (CC&Rs) in place, there is a threshold of 60 percent owner
support. The applicants met this at application. A single-story overlay
prohibits new second stories and additions at the second-story level. The
single-story overlay does not change the allowable square footage, so that
you can have the same site coverage and floor area ratio. It's one and the
same. A 44-home boundary has been proposed by the applicants. That
revision to the original 50-home tract was submitted on April 29th. As of
August 16th, there was a support level of 63 percent. There are nine
existing single-story overlays in Palo Alto affecting 1,003 properties. All of

                                                                       Page 48 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
