                          TRANSCRIPT
for us. There are a number of issues that have to do with things that are
difficult for the CAC to deal with because they're sort of cross-cutting.
Perhaps either the Council deals with them or maybe there's some way that
the CAC could deal with them sort of to figure out how to deal with this. It
was mentioned that there was interest on dealing with the Housing Element
of a number of members of the CAC. In particular, there was a discussion
about the school capacity issues and school enrollment issues is going to be
studied. The interaction of that and the types of housing are something that
hasn't really been considered. When the Housing Element was approved last
year, there was no consideration as far as I understand about the impacts
on schools. Here's an opportunity to do that. In fact, our Comp. Plan
actually requires that when we have legislative acts by the Council that
affects schools, that we consider those impacts on schools. The next thing is
the interaction between housing and parkland. You're going to have the
community services coming back. Obviously there's a constraint in land, so
the consideration of how much land there is and how you build houses
without having the same kind of ratio that we have typically had for parkland
per 1,000 residents. There's going to be pressure on that. Part of the issue
of that is that when you're a City that has lots of single-family residential
units, people have backyards with single-family residential units. Therefore,
there isn't nearly the same pressure on parkland as there is when you build
a lot more multifamily residential. There will be a need for things like more
private open space in order to deal with the fact of the compression of
housing. I think that we haven't had an opportunity to address issues like
that. It'll also be interesting to the extent that the fiscal analysis—I noticed
that that's coming forward, and I think that's very important. The question
is the extent to which the Council is looking at that and the extent to which
the CAC is looking at that. As far as I understand, we're not considering
that at all. I just wanted to make sure that that's the desire of the Council.
Not that we need any more things on our plate, but I want to make clear
about that. The other issue is that in some sense we're looking at these
things in sort of silos of individual elements. The only cross-cutting issue
that we're looking at is sustainability in terms of making suggestions for
things that should be added to the Comp. Plan that makes sense with
sustainability. The Comp. Plan is going on for the next 15 or so years. It's
hard to predict; my crystal ball is pretty cloudy, and I think most people's
crystal ball is pretty cloudy. It's not clear—we didn't know six years ago that
we were going to have a boom right now. It was hard to tell that in the
depths of the recession. The issue is how do we set up things in such a way
that there are adaptation to the amount of growth. For example, if there is
success in addressing parking and traffic, then you relax and allow more
growth. If there's a lack of success in dealing with traffic and parking and
City services and those are more constrained, then you slow down growth.
How do we make things so that they're more automatic? Typically, the City
                                                                             Page 48 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
