                          TRANSCRIPT
look at the industry. What would be fair is to change the grandfathering
time such that if you were to double your system in size, that would cut your
grandfathering time in half. This way your initial investment is still realized
with the same investment. You're not changing the investments of your
earlier system in the middle of the game. That would be very unfair. I think
the grandfathering could change. This would be precedent setting because
other utilities are looking at this all over the place. They still have this
similar grandfathering. This part, I think, needs to change. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return—I'm sorry.              We have Mike
Danaher from our UAC. Welcome.

Mike Danaher, Utilities Advisory Commission: Good evening. I was asked
by others on the UAC to represent our discussion. I'll be very brief. The last
speaker made some of the points. We've been guided in our discussions to
look for the maximum carbon reduction at the lowest price. Since we're
carbon neutral with our large utility-scale projects, we didn't feel the need to
pay a premium for local rooftop solar. We worked very hard to find reasons
why there's an extra benefit from that. Mr. Mayor, nobody quantified that
part of reducing the temperature for the air conditioning. We looked for
otherwise. It doesn't help resiliency at the grid, given the type of inverters
we have now. Unless Council advises us otherwise, that's been our guiding
philosophy on the UAC. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       We'll now return to the Council for discussion.
Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to say that I really
appreciate the effort that Staff's put into this. I know that they've really
thought long and hard about this. I know that Staff has really focused on
how do we get more solar in Palo Alto. I think, given the state of the law
and Prop 26 and the requirements we have, Staff's really done a good job in
balancing that and coming up with a proposal that's legal and helps the solar
industry. I thought it was really interesting. When we have these kind of
proposals that come before us, if there is a problem with it, there are a
number of citizens who live in Palo Alto and who come out and speak and
say you have a particular problem on this. I haven't seen these people who
usually come out complain about this. I haven't gotten emails from them.
In fact, I've had David Coale, who just came up and spoke, and I thought
did so very articulately and eloquently about why we should support this.
On the other hand, the people that have spoken against this don't live in
Palo Alto and have a vested financial interest in trying to do something
differently. I think that really plays in the way I think about this. I think
Staff has done a really good job on this. I think we are protecting the

                                                                        Page 32 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
