                          TRANSCRIPT
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by
Council Member DuBois to continue this Agenda Item to a date when Council
can consider updates to the Single Story Overlay (SSO) process.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak further to that?

Council Member Schmid: Just that I think this is a unique case because of
the CC&Rs, because they came in, they followed the rules and came in with
their petition. The new buyers have come in and said, "I like this. I want to
pay money for it. I'm willing to pay the value of the property." It makes
sense that we don't deny it without the exploration of guidelines.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I kind of want to address the question that was
raised of what's the difference between rejecting this and deferring this. I
think there's some pretty clear differences. It's a lot of work to apply. They
spent nearly a year getting to this point, just gathering the signatures, going
to the PTC. They can't really come back in seven months. It takes longer
than that. I just don't think it's fair to wear people down by rejecting and
saying go through that whole process again. I echo what everybody is
saying. We need to figure out what the rules are and stick to the rules. I
don't think the efforts are being necessarily characterized fairly. I think a
group of people hit 60 percent when they applied, which is the rule. The
question is when do we allow people to change votes. People change their
votes. They said, "Let's remove some of the homes that are not part of the
Eichler home." They went back over 60 percent. They stayed at 60 percent
from June until a couple of days ago. As one of the speakers mentioned,
they didn't really have a chance to react over the weekend. I am listening
to kind of the discussion about Ross Road. I think we should maybe let the
neighborhood decide if Ross should be considered outside of the grouping.
They'd be at 63 percent if we took those Ross homes out. I want to respect
the work and the effort of the residents to get here. I think just rejecting
this is not fair. I would propose maybe an amendment to the Motion which
is to give them the option of—I'm not wording this right now; I'm just
speaking out loud. You have "to continue this agenda item to a date when
Council considers the updates." I'd like to say "or allow the neighborhood to
decide if they want to remove the homes on Ross."

Council Member Schmid: Sure.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “or allow the neighborhood to decide if they would like to exclude
the Ross Road properties.”
                                                                        Page 65 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
