                          TRANSCRIPT
While a small group of people can send an email message and create people
coming to the meeting and have essentially the same letters coming from
each them, when the people who are paying to subsidize it are essentially
the rest of the citizens, unless you sent out an equivalent email message to
everybody in the City, you're not going to get the same kind of response
coming here. That's why we have committees to do this kind of work.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeralyn Moran, to be followed
by Zach—I can't make it out. Pardon me? Robin, Rabin, Rabin maybe.

Jeralyn Moran: Good evening, Council. I appreciate you guys, as a Palo Alto
resident myself, your ongoing efforts to really do the right thing here. It's
our hard-earned tax dollars, and I'm really aware of your important jobs.
It's hard to make these financial choices. As a Council, you represent the
rest of us in some really important ways. In this moment, I'm highlighting
the long-term environmental stewardship of our area. The global crisis here,
it's here, it's everywhere. Your influence in this giant matter goes beyond
the boundaries of this City. You, the City Council, and us, the balance of
Palo Alto, we're a team in continuing this City's exemplary journey toward
truly comprehensive clean energy options. I really applaud all of us for
progress that we've made so far, but we're still ramping up. Palo Alto
CLEAN project is an example here. It's still ramping up. More time is
needed to allow its benefits to materialize. I urge you to consider this and
the wonderful example we can continue to set for other communities.
Greenhouse gas reduction must continue to be a top priority for all of us, for
everyone.      The CLEAN project adds to Palo Alto's solution puzzle an
important solar piece. Thank you for listening.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Zach Rubin to be followed by Craig Lewis.
Welcome.

Zach Rubin: Good evening. I am Zach Rubin with Komuna Energy. I guess
if we look at the program that exists today, the only reason we were able to
get the parking garages in place was because of the 16.5 cents. If we look
at Palo Alto, the issue is the real estate that's available to us. We have
limited land available to us. The land that is available to us, the highest and
best use is generally to do a real estate development. The roofs that are
available in Palo Alto are limited. It leaves us really with the carport options.
When we develop a carport, there's a lot more steel and materials that go
into that. As a result, that 16.5 cents, that one penny delta between what's
being proposed, actually makes a major difference in what we can use to
control site. The City example in order to get that big that we got, we had
to put an offer to them for how much we'd be willing to pay them per year

                                                                          Page 61 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
