                          TRANSCRIPT
people just go and vote on this and know where they are in terms of it. If
we want 70 percent, then we as Council should live with that. If we think it
should be lower, we should live with that as well. I think having clear
rules—I think that's what's really concerning me here. I sort of thought to
myself, "We get to 70 percent. People believe in the 70 percent." If you
lost one or two people that's different, but there seems to be a continual
erosion of support here. I think that's a problem. I don't think we want to
have a third of the neighborhood really angry about something or 40 percent
of the neighborhood really angry about something. How many of you here
are in support—if you'd stand up—of the SSO? It's hard to tell. If you want
to sit down. How many of you are opposed to it? I would say it's almost
evenly divided. It feels evenly divided. It feels 50/50. I think that I want to
hear from the rest of my colleagues. I think this is not a very simple
decision. I think we should be very trepidatious about imposing a single
story overlay without more process. There are no applications at the
moment for a second story, is that correct?

Ms. French: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What's the timing on a second story application? How
long does that take typically?

Ms. French: Several months, 90 days.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Ninety days. I guess the question is how long of a
process do you think it would be to go get public input, start crafting an
ordinance in terms of Eichler design guidelines and things like that?

Mr. Lait: I think we'd want to know a little bit more about where the Council
is going with this and what kind of an effort that would involve. I think we'd
probably want to hear more from the Council, and we can come back and
give you some guidance on (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: What would you want to know from Council?

Mr. Lait: One, I'd be interested in just some additional comments. All I've
heard so far is the idea of an Eichler zone and a process, those two things.
We just heard in this one Royal Manor tract neighborhood that there seems
to be a lot of variability just in this tract. If we're looking at a City-wide
ordinance where people could choose Eichler guidelines, that would involve
some investigation into some of the other neighborhoods as well. It's a
matter of—I mean, we could research this for as long as the Council wants
us to do it or have something more prescriptive. Even knowing what those
prescriptive standards are, we would need some guidance from Council on
that.
                                                                        Page 59 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
