                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: This has been quite the process. It's almost like a
mystery novel with lots of different twists and turns. I'd be lying if I said
that I was expecting this solution to almost come out of thin air when I
heard about it a couple of weeks ago. It just goes to show that if you fight
and if you stay optimistic and if you keep trying, you never know what
solutions will turn up. I'm pretty sure soon after I got elected in November
of 2012, the first meeting I had was with Winter Dellenbach and Don Barr at
Printers Café on Cal. Ave. to tell me about this situation that was happening
at the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park. I remember that because it was right
before, I think, the last vacation I took. Winter gave me tips on Thailand.
It's been so much hard work and heartache at times for the community. I'm
excited that there's a potential solution. This isn't a done deal, but it's an
incredibly promising turn of events. I do want to emphasize kind of the
comments that my colleague, Cory Wolbach, made. We did a show of hands
earlier. Let me get a show of hands. How many of you know a friend or a
neighbor or a family member that's been priced out of Palo Alto in the past
couple of years? That's, I'd say, 80 percent of the folks in the audience. I
want to issue a challenge to everybody here today. Don't stop being an
activist. Don't stop coming to Council meetings. Don't stop supporting
affordable housing. Don't stop supporting housing. It's going to take
housing of all costs to help us to maintain the amazing community that we
have and the amazing region that we have in the Bay Area. We have a
housing crisis. I'll be honest; Palo Alto historically has been good at
affordable housing, but we haven't been good recently. I'm the liaison to
the Palo Alto Housing Corporation, now Palo Alto Housing. I've asked the
City Manager to plan a Study Session with them in the second half of the
year. Palo Alto Housing has started building affordable housing in Mountain
View and in other communities. They're not currently looking in Palo Alto.
We're here today because of a creative solution and open minds and open
hearts to how we can house people in our own community. I want to
challenge everybody here to maintain that creative spirit and that openness
and that positivity towards affordable housing. We need to continue to
support folks that are being priced out of our community, which we all know.
Thank you, thank you to Joe, thank you to everybody else who continues to
advocate and come and email us and invite us to Posadas and everything
else. This is just hopefully the closing chapter of this effort, but there are a
lot of efforts in the future that we need to stay diligent about.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say it's my sincere hope that the
Santa Clara Housing Authority can reach a deal with the Jisser family. I
think there's really an opportunity here for a win-win-win. Clearly a win for
a lot of you in the audience in that the residents can stay and the property
                                                                          Page 40 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
