                         TRANSCRIPT
Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Thank you, City Manager. This
is Phil Bobel, Public Works. I have with me Kirsten Struve and Mike
Nafziger, both with the Public Works Department. They're going to help me
tonight. Specifically we're talking about recommendations associated with
basement dewatering for the construction season of 2016. Kirsten's going to
start off. This has been through the Policy and Services Committee, and
these recommendations are coming to you from them. She's going to give
some background information, though, that will be a little bit of old news to
those of you who were on the Policy and Services Committee last calendar
year. We think it's important to get us all on the same wavelength, using
the same terminology about groundwater and aquifers and shallow and
deep. Kirsten's going to go back through some of that and give you the
background, and then I'll come back with our recommendations and an
update there.

Kirsten Struve, Manager Environmental Control Program: Thanks, Phil.

Mayor Burt: Is it the deep or shallow background?

Ms. Struve: It's more shallow. Just by way of background, this is a
schematic of what groundwater typically looks like. It is not specific to Palo
Alto, but it shows some of the terms we're going to be talking about. The
upper blue layer that is—I don't know if it shows—right here, that is the
unconfined or shallow aquifer. That's basically where the water table is. If a
well is drilled there, it would just rise to that level. Typically basement
dewatering perimeter wells are in that shallow or unconfined zone. Below
that zone is a confining layer, typically a clay layer, that doesn't allow much
movement between the shallow and the deep or confined aquifer. Then the
second blue zone after the confining layer is the confined or lower aquifer.
It's typically under pressure. As you can see, there are two wells there in
that zone. The water rises to the top. On the very left is the recharge area.
That is where the deep or confined aquifer would be recharged. In Palo Alto,
that layer is—the recharge area is this hatched area per the Water District.
That is the area where primarily rain or any water in this area would
recharge the lower aquifer.        The area where basement dewatering is
happening is closer to the Bay and is in an area where there is a confining
layer. It's actually a little more complicated in Palo Alto. There are several
layers, but the recharge zone is against the hills. This is what a typical
basement dewatering operation looks like. Basically permitted wells are
drilled around the site where the basement is to be constructed. When
pumping a well, a cone of depression is formed, and this cone allows the
cone around the pit, lets it be dry. It typically takes about three months
because we require that all basements be completely water tight, so that
they don't have continuous dewatering. They need to build that basement
                                                                        Page 33 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
