                          TRANSCRIPT
recommendation. In addition, we're asking you to provide us direction on
the following request from Environmental Volunteers (EV). They're asking
for an amendment to the lease that would no longer require them to build
out a public restroom as it was originally part of the agreement. Number
two, they're asking for reimbursement of 40,334 for fees that included
utilities engineering, City dump, plan checks, as a reduction towards the
amount that they were to contribute to the bathroom. In the lease they
were supposed to contribute $75,000; they're asking that we reduce the
$40,334 in expenditures they incurred and only provide them the balance.
The last piece is for you to consider any additional amount over the
$300,000 that was authorized in the original Motion. The potential sale of
the TDRs, if we were to use $225, would probably generate about $562,000.
Obviously the market would need to dictate. We do recommend that we set
the minimum at $225 and let it be an open market. If you decide that you
do not want to move forward with a TDR, we would then recommend that
any amount that you reimburse would come from the Budget Stabilization
Reserve (BSR), the General Fund. That concludes my comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can take an opportunity for Council Members
to ask any technical questions of Staff before hearing from members of the
public. I don't see—Council Member Holman. I don't know if your light's
working.

Council Member Holman: I think it is; you just beat me to the punch here.
I have one question which appeared in the Staff Report and also in your
presentation. You mentioned reimbursement for capital costs, but capital
costs can be anything. The TDR Ordinance is specific about rehabilitation
costs. Can you respond to that please or clarify?

Mr. Perez: I just read straight through the comments of the CMR. I think
you're correct.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a clarification. My understanding in reading
through this was the original lease and approval of the TDRs was based upon
certain public benefits. The public benefits were classes and exhibits at the
site for Palo Alto citizens and the general public, meaning that the building
was open to the general public for specific things. Is that still a part of what
we're approving tonight? Is it a continuing public benefit?

Mr. Perez: Yes. We're not recommending any change to the public benefit
language.


                                                                              Page 8 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
