                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'll try and be succinct. First, I have a question on this issue of
the S/CAP and how it relates to the Comp Plan. I wonder if perhaps the
Clerk can try to find the motion or the Council guidance on this issue.
Maybe my concern will be addressed by colleagues' clarification on what
their understanding is. My recollection is that we were talking about the
S/CAP being driven by the Comp Plan on growth issues, but there's a lot to
the S/CAP outside of the growth, and there's a lot to the Comp Plan outside
of growth. In many of those other areas, I would think that it's the two
really intertwining with each other as opposed to the following, but I'd like to
see that clarification. The second, as we go into the policy steps, what I'm
going to be open to considering in the range of housing is determined to a
great degree by what sort of performance requirements we can put in place.
One of the biggest possibilities that I see is if we can restrict new
development from being able to use Residential Permit Parking. I brought
this question up to the City Attorney. My understanding is that there's some
ambiguity in the law in some regards. If we had additional allowances for
housing, say additional floor area ratio, elimination of the density, or other
aspects related to essentially a development agreement, so a conditional
increase, could we then have a restriction on being able to have those
projects not be eligible for RPP and, thereby, being able to reduce the
parking requirement without having potential impact on neighborhoods?
Under development agreements, could we do that?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you. We did have a chance to discuss
this. I know it's an item of considerable interest to the whole Council. If
Council moves forward with this type of exploration, we will do some
additional analysis to look at a range of different options for potentially
putting in place these types of mitigation measures. We do need to look at
the State law and the question of State preemption. There have been some
interpretative documents issued; one just a few weeks ago by the State
Attorney General and a couple by the courts but not right on this question.
We will need to look at that as a potential risk item. We'll probably advise
the Council in a confidential forum.

Mayor Burt: It makes it difficult for me to move forward with which of these
variations of Scenario 5. I would support without any more guidance as to
whether if we have conditional approvals we could implement this. It makes
it hard. I think we're now ready to hear from members of the public.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible) follow-up question.

Mayor Burt: We're not doing second rounds, but very quickly if you can.



                                                                         Page 69 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
