                          TRANSCRIPT
split of that, that some of it goes to the unfunded liabilities and some other
proportion goes to the infrastructure.

Mayor Burt: I would support that direction that the Finance Committee has
been discussing. I think it's crucially important that we continue to allocate
funds toward this unfunded liability as we're setting up the new program. I
would want to see it not less than one million for this fiscal year budget. If it
has to come even from one million less toward the infrastructure or one
million less in our Budget Stabilization Reserve, whatever it takes, I think we
have to have that commitment and continue with it. It's the remaining
element in having our finances long term to be sustainable. We've got a
debt that we've got to be paying down. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for all the hard work. My bedtime
reading for a month now. I had a question about drawing down the BSR.
Have we done that in an up economy before?

Mr. Perez: We have. Back in the great recession, temporarily we drew
down on the reserve ...

Mr. Keene: He said in an up time.

Mr. Perez: I'm sorry.

Council Member DuBois: Specifically when times are good or do we usually
do it in a recession?

Mr. Perez: In good times, not below the target that I can recall.

Council Member DuBois: Hearing the City Manager's comments about a
sustainable budget, it's a little bit worrisome. If this isn't it, I think it'd be
good to maybe see some scenarios with some hard choices just to see what
that means to get to something that feels more comfortable, maybe just to
kind of understand the risk involved. I appreciate that it's ambitious, and
we're trying to do everything. If you don't believe it, I think maybe some
alternate scenarios would be good. In terms of the new FTEs, that's above
all kind of open and unfilled positions that exist today? The Public Works
FTEs, are those all long-term positions or are they tied to this capital
infrastructure plan?

Mr. Perez: Not all of them are tied to the—one is specifically tied to the
project. I'd imagine that this is going to take us quite some time to
complete. We can reassess at the end of that process where we're at.

Council Member DuBois: It's like four or five years at least.

                                                                           Page 45 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/25/16
