                          TRANSCRIPT
itself to the exercise we're going through. I guess I'm hoping that you'll let
us get to the—realize the investment we've made over the last year in the
process so far and recognize that you're going to have changes, you're going
to have scenarios and alternatives you'd like to see. Council Member
Wolbach, I think you're going to see in the alternatives section a discussion
of how Scenarios 2 or 3 could be blended with Scenario 4 to get a hybrid.
Council Member Schmid, you're going to see our calculation of square
footage having to do with each of the scenarios. You're going to see that
not all of the scenarios violate the Land Use and Community Design Element
(L-8) limits. There's a lot of data and analysis of the four scenarios in this
document that we hope to get in your hands shortly. I think you can use it
to leverage and leverage it to get to a scenario that's closer to what you
think you'd like the Comp. Plan to represent at the end of the day.

Council Member DuBois: Appreciate that. If I could just comment. Even
though I wasn't on the Council, I did attend that December 2014 meeting.
Again, that's exactly my concern, that we're going down that path where
there was a bit of a reset, I think, at that meeting from four other scenarios.
We've been asking what are these scenarios? This is the first time we've
gotten to see them. Again, my concern is that if we're outside of that range
as you've said, we're going to have to do this supplemental EIR. If we can
identify a better range tonight, can we just do it? That's really what I'm
trying to propose here.

Mayor Burt: If I might wade in for a moment. I think one of the concerns—
tell me if I don't capture this—is that amongst the four scenarios, we don't
have one that has less job growth and population growth. It seems that we
are at least going to want to consider that scenario. It's not amongst the
four; it's outside. It's not within them either as far as I understand. If that
is a scenario that we're going to want to look at and if you say that to do so
it would have to be in a supplemental, rather than wait until we're further
yet along, if we authorized going forward with the DEIR with the four
scenarios we have and request that in parallel a supplemental be initiated to
provide a Fifth Scenario or something to that effect, how would that work?

Ms. Gitelman: Of course, Mayor Burt, we can add to the analysis and we
can initiate that at any time, analyzing additional scenarios. We have, as I
think the brochure indicates, an alternative section in the Draft EIR that
starts this conversation about how the scenarios could be blended,
specifically the scenarios with low employment growth with Scenario 4 with
the Sustainability Measures. We've always thought about the Sustainability
Measures as transportation-related, but the truth is that high-density
housing like envisioned in Scenario 4 is in itself inherently (crosstalk)
Sustainability Measure.
                                                                            Page 89 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
