                          TRANSCRIPT
people have mentioned, every other building all the way down Hansen on
both sides has these huge setbacks. It's at least 60, 70 feet back, maybe
more, with landscaping and greenery and so forth and trees and so forth in
front. I think if you were looking at it from a perspective of compatibility
and aesthetics and so forth, I think it'd be tough to make a case for a
variance on this one based on that. The existing Hotel Parmani sticks way
out. It's real obvious when you're out there on the ground. What the new
one would like TBD. Anyway, that's sort of the environment out there right
now. Just in general, not this specific property but in general, we ought to
try really hard to minimize the number of variances and spot zonings we do
in general for stuff for a number of reasons. One is that it takes a lot of
Staff time to assess and negotiate all these things, especially if we set an
expectation that all this is flexible. The second is these things don't exist in
isolation. Each time we do one of these things, then it basically opens the
door for the person that owns the property next door to come back and ask
for the same thing. In this case, there is a little bit of that in that the one
next door violates the setback. Nobody remembers why or how it happened
or anything like that, but it's there now. That's one of the arguments for a
variance that we've heard tonight here. Finally, again, this isn't the case in
this case because the family's owned the property for decades. Land value
is affected by zoning. If we train people that our zoning is flexible, then
we're kind of encouraging speculation which I think is a lot of undesirable
things around town. Again, not the case here with this particular property,
but just in general. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: First, I want to get a clarification. We have this up here as to
what the existing setback is from the leg of the building that is on Hansen.
Can Staff clarify that? I see we've got a copy here. Mr. Popp thought it was
inches, but it looks like Council Member Filseth is correct. You can loop back
to me in a minute if you want to look at more.

Mr. Lait: I can tell you that the right-of-way from the face of the curb to the
property line is 16 feet on Hansen.

Mayor Burt: From the curb to the ...

Mr. Lait: From face of curb to the property line is about 16 feet.

Mayor Burt:   From the curb to the property line.      We have this; it's right
here.

Mr. Lait: I can break that down for you a little bit more. The planting strip
on Hansen is 9 1/2 feet. The sidewalk is six feet wide. The curb face is
another 1/2 foot.

                                                                           Page 40 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 4/4/16
