                          TRANSCRIPT
doing that is PVs on the roof and shading the envelope and making the
envelope just as efficient as we can through the use of vertical and
horizontal fins to shade the building. This allows us to have an all-glass
meeting and still meet LEED Platinum. Make it a really pleasant experience
for the people inside the building, because there won't be glare because it's
shaded. The project also saves all the existing trees on the site. Actually it
pivots right around the existing oak trees.          Talking briefly about the
architectural expression. One of the most obvious features about the
building is the aluminum ribbon that wiggles through the building and does a
couple of things. It creates the horizontal sunshade and helps link the
buildings together. It's also a kind of metaphor for innovation in the Valley
with the big idea of the trials and tribulations, success at the end. The
ribbon actually has a little more meaning to us than just aesthetics. Another
key part of the design is the notion of brining the outdoors in. That's a
tradition that's always been a part of Palo Alto. We've done it here. As you
go through the lobby, it's just a continuation of the site landscaping. Inside
the building, we pick up some of the features from the exterior of the
building. The building is completely sky lit on top. You won't need to use
lights during the day. Just a couple of other points. To add interest in the
project, we're introducing color in the glass fins that are at the recessed side
of the entries. There will be a little bit of light effect at night, just a soft
glow from the lobby coming out as indicated in this image. That's a quick
overview of the project design. Happy to answer any more questions. I'd
like to turn it over to Allison at this point.

Allison Koo, Applicant Sand Hill Property Company: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor
Scharff and fellow Council Members, thank you for your time tonight. Thank
you to Staff for all their work on this project. I am Allison Koo with the
project. I want to go over a few of the project highlights for you again. The
project is LEED Platinum. That's something we worked very hard to achieve.
The project eliminates completely vehicular traffic from our site, which was
the number one concern when we met with College Terrace. The project, as
indicated by the City consultant, does not create any significant or non-
mitigated impacts.      We are voluntarily proposing a comprehensive
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) plan, which I'll get into a little
bit later. We are removing contaminated soil that exists on the site, left by
the previous tenant. Our project design maximizes green space and creates
a great campus environment which is consistent with the Comp Plan and is
compatible with the surrounding environment. I just wanted to touch more
about the access issue. The image that's up there shows the access points.
There's two access points on and off the site. One at the top of the page is
through California and Page Mill. The one at the bottom of the page is only
off and on California. That was meant for delivery and loading access.
When we first started the project, we met with College Terrace residents
                                                                          Page 48 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
