                          TRANSCRIPT
Council—it's hard for the Council when it's ongoing to address these issues
until it's kind of after a lot of the impacts have happened. How do we set up
things in sort of an automatic process? Is that done through the Comp.
Plan? Is that done through implementing Ordinances? I think that that's
the kind of thing that it's not clear how we address that in our modeling. I
think that that's the kind of thing we're going to have to think about,
because the amount of growth and the amount of impacts and how much
parking we need and things like that, that's going to—it's hard to predict
that right now. Addressing it terms of feedback loops I think is an important
consideration. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. From here on we're flying loose on how to proceed.
What I would think we might encourage us to do is first have the Council
frame any questions that they would look for hearing feedback tonight from
the CAC Members, and then let the CAC Members as they see fit come
forward and provide that. At the same time, ask the CAC Members for
either questions that they have of the Council or particular considerations
that they want to make sure the Council is thinking about. Why don't we
start off that way and try not to spend very much time by us on this first cut
in asking those questions, but just identify one or two succinct questions
that will tee-up a kind of tentative list. If I could ask the City Clerk to try to
capture some of those questions so that the CAC Members and the Council
Members can just—it's not like a Motion, so you don't have to capture it
perfectly—so that we can all kind of look at a rolling list. Once we
accumulate a few of them, we can have the CAC come up and individual
members can respond to the ones that they are most interested in
responding or have been engaged with the most through their
subcommittees or whatever and have a little bit of a informality to how we'll
go about that. Council Member Schmid and then followed by Council
Member Kniss, I believe, if I got all the buttons right.

Council Member Schmid: I would turn to Page 2 of the Staff Report where it
says the key policy questions that must be examined and resolved in the
coming year relate to the amount and pace of nonresidential growth
between now and 2030, the amount and location of housing growth in the
same period and to potential incentives and regulations necessary to receive
the desired results. I think that is the question presented tonight in the
Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) scenarios. It is, I think, the key
question we need to deal with tonight.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe not too far off that mark. Again, I'm now on
this—do you all have this that they handed out, that's a summary? It looks

                                                                               Page 49 of 107
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
