                         TRANSCRIPT
decades of bad policy to compensate for. This will be hard, and it'll take
time. I'm glad we're taking leadership on that. On housing, it means
frankly as a region and as a community we need to allow and build lots more
housing over time to keep pace with demand, recognizing that we have
decades of bad policy to compensate for. Again, this will be hard, and it will
take time. By being intelligent about land use and transportation policy, we
can contribute meaningfully to reducing our greenhouse gas numbers,
contribute meaningfully to reducing our jobs/housing imbalance, and
contribute meaningfully to our quality of life.

Mayor Burt: First I want to respond to a couple of concerns that were raised
by Colleagues. One of the really very significant achievements that we've
had in our community over the last 15 years or so, that has been under-
acknowledged, is what we've done in water use reduction. I don't want
these statistics to reduce in any way our focus on moving toward a truly
sustainable water system through even greater conservation and
landscaping that will not only reduce water use but help reestablish the
natural environment in our urban setting and the great potential we have for
significant amounts of water recycling and potable water recycling driven on
the backbone of renewable electricity system to power that. We have from
2000 and 2010, with the growth that we had in our community in that
period, reduced our water use by 27 percent. Not per capita, but Citywide.
In the last two years, we've reduced it an additional 24 percent.
Phenomenal reduction in our water use. We started with a high baseline.
The notion that we have in jeopardy our water allocation, that's not the
strongest reason for us to proceed in that direction. I also want to address
this concern over RECs. Maybe that's a misunderstanding that's going on
there. Our 100 percent carbon neutral electricity system is not based on
RECs. It is based upon Power Purchase Agreements; the last one is coming
online next year. It was originally scheduled to be online this year. The
RECs are only a bridge. They are not the plan. The more important
question is around what's the meaning of a goal if we adopt this climate
action goal as part of our Sustainability Plan, a major component. We have
had a whole series of environmental goals over the last 15 years. They are
not binding programs. The good news is that, even though they have not
been binding programs for the most part, we took goals that looked like they
were stretches at the time, and we have outperformed them, exceeded them
in generally very cost-effective ways.       There is kind of a reasonable
apprehension about what might be the cost impacts of a goal or whether it's
attainable. We have a track record in first adopting a 20 percent renewable
portfolio, which we then upped to 33 percent, and then within budget we got
up to 55 percent renewables on top of our 45 percent hydro. Did all of that
ahead of schedule and below cost. As I mentioned, we've done a similar
thing with our water supply. Frankly, we had a goal of a 20-percent
                                                                        Page 53 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
