                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Pirnejad: No, we wouldn't disallow that. What we're saying is that in
order to comply with this Reach Code, this would be a way to do it, given the
ones that we studied, and still be cost effective. It's just one of many
different ways that you can design a (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, I get that. As he said, we're the low-hanging—
we've done away with all the low-hanging fruit. This is only 0.3 percent. My
question is are you saying that you couldn't do a Spanish-style roof and
meet that—there aren't attractive products that look like that Spanish-style
roof. If you wanted to build a building that matched Ramona Street, for
instance, would this discourage you from doing so because it would raise
your costs in other ways that may not be cost effective? This seems like a
very small part. It's 0.3 percent, the cool roof. I'm a little concerned that
could have a big impact with very little gain, if it could do something like
that. I would want an exception for looking like an historic building or
something like that.

Mr. Mazria: There are cool roof tiles now. They make cool roofs in any
configuration. They're essentially coatings. They're sort of low-E coatings
on almost any product. It doesn't have to be a flat, white roof. It could be
a set of tiles or Spanish tiles or whatever. They're all on the market now.
The other thing to notice—I'm an architect, but most architects in California
rather than using a prescriptive path which is one of the pathways to meet
the Code, they use the performance path. They can do anything they want
as long as they meet that 10 percent. They use all sorts of strategies like
orienting the building, using glazing. There's literally an unlimited number of
design strategies that are no-cost or cost-saving strategies. Most architects
will go that way.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate the question by Vice Mayor Scharff.
Could you just confirm for me the tiles that you're talking about that are cool
roof tiles, the example that the Vice Mayor gave was a Spanish-style
building. It doesn't have to be Spanish style, but let's just say a tile
building. Are those tiles white?

Mr. Mazria:     The low-E coatings come in almost any color.         They're
essentially a special coating that's put on top of the material. They're now
widespread and almost at no cost. They're essentially a coating that doesn't
rely on color but relies on certain wavelengths, absorbing and readmitting
certain wavelengths. It's a whole new technology that's been developed.

                                                                        Page 94 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
