                          TRANSCRIPT
in the press all weekend—about can California continue on this same path.
At some point, Gil, you or Jim may want to comment on that, because I
think it is really going to take real determination on our part to stay the
course on this. I probably should have been the last one who talked rather
than the next one who talked. I feel like I am, speaking of water, throwing
cold water on it. I really have some very long-term concerns, and I think
our determination will be tried in the future.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say I appreciated the document. I
really appreciated the breakdown into some nearer-term goals and kind of
the idea of implementation plans. I do think the scenario where cities can
lead—I think everybody on this Council wants to do this the best way we
can. Overall, to comment on the decision criteria and the guiding principles,
I thought those were all good. I actually had no real comments or changes
there. Clearly we had a lot more detail and direction on greenhouse gas. I
think last time you came we asked you to think about sustainability more
broadly, and it's good to see the sections on water and zero waste and
everything else, but they're incomplete and nonspecific. I look forward to
seeing those fleshed out. I think it's pretty important that we do that,
because I think the very next step is prioritization and really understanding
return on investment (ROI), which is one of the criteria, and how do we
focus our limited dollars when we have things like sea level rise, which could
require significant investment. Really understanding where to spend our
time, where to spend our effort is the next exercise. Not to say that we
can't do a little in a lot of different areas, but I do think we need to decide
where we're going to put our major efforts. One thing I would like to call
out. I would really like to see us change the wording in several areas away
from automobile and towards internal combustion engine. I think that's
really what we're talking about from a policy perspective. I'm concerned
we're going to make bad policy decisions if we keep talking about the auto.
I think people value their time. People want on-demand services, on-
demand transportation. Whether we own those vehicles or rent them or
subscribe to some kind of autonomous vehicle in the future, if our policies
are really anti-automobile versus anti-internal combustion engine, I think we
could make some bad policy decisions. I'm talking about clean energy
vehicles. Again, I think people are going to value getting where they want
to go, Point A to Point B. I'd like to see us call that out a little more clearly.
Sticking with the automobile stated goal of getting 90 percent electric
vehicles in 2030, that's a huge goal. Fifty percent of vehicles coming into
Palo Alto being electric vehicles, another huge goal. I really need to see
corresponding detail and effort to make that credible, because it just sounds
unbelievable. I think it's a great goal. Again, it's some of our highest
                                                                          Page 36 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
