                         TRANSCRIPT
approval. That concludes my presentation.         Be happy to answer any
questions you may have. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.      Before proceeding if colleagues have any
disclosures on ex parte. I see none.

Council Member Kniss: Do you us to disclose emails and so forth?

Mayor Burt: Just ex parte meetings. We'll now go into technical questions.
Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe I missed it. There was a discussion about a
pathway. Do we have a slide on where that pathway would have gone or
what it would have done? I would like to know about the pathway.

Mr. Ah Sing: (inaudible) slide, but we do have an exhibit. If we could pass
that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can you basically explain on this roughly where it goes
or what it was going to do?

Mr. Ah Singh: Sure. It would have been between Lots 2 and 3. That's
along Maybell. Basically, the end of that hammerhead towards Maybell,
then there would be this walkway just for pedestrians. It wouldn't be really
for cyclists; there wasn't really sufficient room for that. It'd be about 10
feet, which is about the width of the utility easement that's proposed now
behind Lots 2 and 1. Just kind of relocating that easement so that it'd be a
straight shot from that hammerhead out to Maybell. Above that would be
the improvements for the circulation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. You guys didn't address the affordable housing
component of this. Could you basically run through why they aren't building
two units since that's what our Code says?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Vice Mayor Scharff. There's the memo that was
transmitted to the Council, I think, on Thursday. There was a condition on
the packet that was sent to you requiring compliance with the City's below
market rate housing program.          The Thursday memo transmitted the
applicant's justification to why they believe the in-lieu fees are appropriate
and should be used on this site. We've transmitted that memo, and that is
before the Council for consideration.

                                                                       Page 73 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
