                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: it was interesting reading the definitions and
categories of companies.    I think a large professional company was
considered ten or more employees. It seemed kind of obvious. There's not
a category for a company with several hundred employees. It's considered
large, I guess.

Mr. Cohen: Ten or more is how we definite it.

Council Member DuBois: If a business has multiple locations, do you charge
per (crosstalk)?

Mr. Cohen: Per address.

Council Member DuBois: Just a few quick comments. It was kind of a
mismatch between what's been going on Downtown versus the way the
business development district was set up. It kind of matches our zoning in
terms of categories of companies. Talk a lot about retail, talk about small
professional offices. There's been some stuff in the press lately about kind
of large professional offices. To me, it was striking the mismatch. I do think
as companies come Downtown, there's a lot of benefit to attracting,
recruiting, retaining professional staff that the Business Improvement
District actually contributes to. Some of your lower rates for people that are
on the first floor, who aren't traditional retailers—it's just more of a
comment that you might want to think about redefining benefits. I think a
lot of that attractiveness is what's bringing these very large companies
Downtown. I still don't really understand in terms of being able to change
your boundaries or rates, but we have a lot of different boundaries
Downtown. Maybe not for this year, but if you guys could consider maybe
aligning with the Parking Assessment District or some other boundary. I do
think Downtown is growing, but we have this kind of old boundary and kind
of old fees at this point.

Mr. Cohen: I'll certainly take your comments back to the Board.

Council Member DuBois: Just my comments. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:      Just looking back through this and trying to
remember—I wasn't on the Council then—why this was established and
when it was established. Is it actually 2004?

Mr. Cohen: 2004.



                                                                          Page 14 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
