                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council Member
Kniss. Do you want to speak further to your ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, sure. I just wanted to say that in going through
this stuff, I think you've caught what we were talking about and did a really
great job. I appreciate all the hard work on it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think Karen and I have talked about this before.
Some years ago, we actually bought a very old house on the East Coast,
built in 1840. It was very little, 800 square feet. We literally followed these
Guidelines when we added onto the house. The addition is quite different
from the main house, especially since it is tens of years later. Following the
Guidelines really was helpful. In addition, what helped the most is we didn't
touch the old house. I think that can be difficult. There are times when you
actually can do that, when you can literally leave what's there, add onto it,
do something else. The windows are the same. We haven't changed the
glass. We haven't changed anything. A little hard to heat in the winter. A
good part of this can be done. I know sometimes these look difficult, but it
makes a big difference long term. To go a step further, there are parts on
Cape Cod, where I'm from, where there's an entire—if any of you know the
Cape, there is a Route called 6A, where there literally is a district that not
only controls color, texture and so forth, but they feel it adds considerably to
the value of those stores that are retail on that particular road. If any of you
are familiar with that, you might be.         The preservation makes a big
difference, I think, long term in value in an area but also in, as you've
mentioned frequently Karen, the character.

Mayor Burt: I don't see any other lights. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I ask the Mayor process—I wish there were more
Council Members who were familiar with the Secretary Standards—that's for
darn sure—and who walked around Professorville a lot. Could I offer a
couple of amendments? I have a separate Motion that could either be dealt
with as a separate amendment or a separate Motion. I don't know if the
Mayor would want me to offer that after the vote on this. The amendments
I would offer first.

Mayor Burt: Can you give me a sense of the direction of what may be the
separate Motion?

Council Member Holman: I'm going to move that the Staff come back with
an action that will allow the Council to have single-story homes in
Professorville.
                                                                         Page 67 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
