                         TRANSCRIPT
here. I think we should try some of them. To me the question is which
ideas, to what degree, and in what location. We need to be really prepared
to enforce some of these limits as you've offered. I think we need to figure
out how we would actually do that. I do think some of the ideas were
maybe a little overly aggressive. Again, I'd love to see some proof points.
There is a question of appropriate zoning or rezoning. I really think that's
where we need to start. We did put PC zoning on hold. This feels like a PC
zone. I don't think we want to spot zone. To me this has kind of turned into
rather than friends with benefits, kind of a PC without benefits. We're
getting the PC zone without declaring a public benefit. Again, we saw this
about a year ago, the last time it came here. At that time, when you look at
the surrounding properties, there's a of basically CN zones around it. There
are some PCs. If go back, those were CN zones before they became PCs. At
least from my perspective, I thought were clear that a CN zone would fit the
context of the site. The PF zone does allow some interesting uses, maybe a
school. I think medical outpatient could be interesting with the assisted
living next door. To my mind, either PF or CN zone. I think we should really
focus on projects that fit that kind of building envelope. If we're going to
talk about micro units, I think we're talking about the outer size of the
envelope. I'd also like to point out the PAN letter, I thought, made a good
point about spot zoning, which creates a lot of uncertainty. Neighbors no
longer know what to expect. It kind of erodes trust. I think we need to be
careful about how we do a one-off project. This is one of the worst
intersections in the City, so traffic is an issue. We have yet to have a City-
enforceable TDM.       For me, I would like to see more parking.          Our
Transportation Element, which came to us but we didn't have time to
discuss, I think it said about 95 percent of the people own at least one car.
That may be changing, but again it's how do we do it in a way that we don't
overload those streets that are already over-parked. We are at the end of
the day being asked to significantly upzone the property to RM-100-plus or
whatever it is. I don't see the benefit the City gets from doing that. With
regards to the Staff options, I didn't really find any of the ones listed
particularly attractive. I would support maybe a creative proposal under a
CN building envelope with restrictions of 40 feet high, a 1.0 FAR. I'm not
really supportive of the project as it’s currently described.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth. Okay. I'll make some final comments.
First, when we did have the commercial project for this site come to the
Council, we had strong Council support for a housing project. I think that
answers one of the questions on Council Member DuBois' concern. If it was
going to be commercial, we had said that we thought CN was more
appropriate. We gave two comments. This isn't a commercial alternative;
this is something that we actually, my recollection, said was our preference
among the two. This is a new kind of development model for our City. We
                                                                       Page 44 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
