                          TRANSCRIPT

break out permanent supportive housing and temporary housing, and then
say which addresses food, clothing ... It now reads support and promote
County, City, State and nonprofit services addressing the needs of low
income and unhoused community especially in the areas of permanent
supportive housing and temporary housing which addresses food, clothing,
healthcare, as opposed to just adding permanent supportive housing and
having it say, in the areas of permanent supportive housing, temporary
housing, food, clothing, healthcare,: and that kind of thing which was
separate than what you did in C-1.29.2 where it seemed like you were
adding permanent supportive housing to the group as opposed to breaking
two things out from the group. I can show you a copy if you ...

Ms. Price: I handed my copy back to the Staff. The goal here, I mean there
probably needs to be a little bit more editing done here. The basic goal was
to ensure that in no uncertain terms the phrase permanent supportive
housing is introduced into these policies and programs. It's not simply
temporary housing. Temporary housing and temporary shelter can have
food, clothing, etc., on a temporary basis. What our proposal here is to sort
of broaden the approaches to addressing these issues either on a temporary
basis or permanent supportive housing. There's a fundamental difference in
those.

Council Member Berman: Totally on board with that and totally understand
that. If you have it in front you, what it seemed to have previously had was
a group of services, temporary housing, food, clothing, healthcare, mental
health and transportation. Now with your edits, it would say, permanent
supportive housing and temporary housing, which addresses these things,
which is a big difference because it's kind of—to my reading of it, it's saying
in the areas of permanent supportive housing and temporary housing which
have the effect of this, but it wouldn't also include these things being food,
clothing, healthcare. Am I reading your intent that it should really be
permanent supportive housing comma temporary housing comma food,
clothing, etc.? You didn't want to exclude—I mean there might be a
program ...

Ms. Price: I'm trying to make this more inclusive, not exclusive. Whatever
specific editing is required is fine. Just the way this reads right now, it's
much more narrowly defined.

Council Member Berman: It didn't have the permanent at all.

Ms. Price: Absolutely. Both of those venues can provide aspects of this.
                                                                         Page 31 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
