                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for mentioning that, Council Member
Berman. I was there too, but it was so full I was outside with a bunch of
other people and also saw Chief Burns there. It was a great event. Earlier
this evening I mentioned that perhaps—it is late, isn't it? Last night I
mentioned that the Council in the past has asked Staff to come back with a
rundown of what the State propositions are. The Council has in the past
decided what to support and what not to support. I'd like to suggest that
Staff bring those to us in a timely enough fashion we can take a position.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd actually like to also ask that Staff bring back
any other local measures that we haven't yet taken a formal position on.
I'm thinking specifically about the housing bond, which I don't think we've
taken a position on as a City. Sorry, the County housing bond.

Council Member Kniss:    We all went down to the kickoff.     No, some of us
went.

Mayor Burt: We have not taken an action. Maybe we should check with any
supporters of that to see if they prefer actions by elected bodies or not.
Sometimes there's a preference to support just by individuals rather than
bodies. Why don't we go ahead and check and, if appropriate, bring that
back as well. I just wanted to share—I agree with colleagues on just how
great the peace march and rally were. I was asked to speak at the
commencement of the rally along with a number of other speakers. I also
wanted to note that on Friday evening Council Members Kniss and Holman
and I were at the 95th anniversary of the Pacific Art League. Talk about a
packed event. It was just really—we won't tell. It had a lot of people there.
It was a great event. Also on Saturday, we had the half-day community
health fair, which is the second year that the City has been a sponsor, third
year they've actually had it. It grew and was nearly double in size. It's
really one of the major ways in which we are attempting to address our
Health Communities Council Priority. Council Members Kniss and Holman
were there. One of the things I realized is that we have seven Healthy City
program initiatives. When I saw about 20 or more community partners who
had exhibits there, we don't have as one of our Healthy City listed initiatives
establishing and nurturing strong partnerships with our nonprofits who
contributed to Health Cities. I want to see if we can look at that, because
that's probably one of the most effective things we can do and one of the
most cost-effective things we can do. I don't know if we have—Jim, do we
have a method by which we're looking at ...

                                                                       Page 113 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
