                          TRANSCRIPT
"Always do what the UAC says. If the UAC and Staff differ, definitely always
do what the UAC says." No, you guys are awesome. I really appreciate all
the work that you did. I hope you guys enjoy your extra time.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Some of you will understand it. One of the things
that I will miss is reading your comments in your Minutes. Actually, you get
the Minutes written out in some detail. I enjoy reading them. Aside from
that, we will miss you all so much. You have done a terrific job. From those
Minutes, I know what discussions you really had. It's a lot easier to follow
where you go when you make a Motion. Thank you all for serving.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Beside echoing the comments of my colleagues
who have spoken prior, I just want to emphasize how significant the work of
the Utilities Advisory Commission is when it comes to City finances
representing such a large portion. Almost half of our City budget is just—we
do lean on this Commission a tremendous amount on the City Council. I
believe the Staff does as well. Even when we disagree and even when Staff
disagrees, we still lean upon the work of the UAC very heavily. The work
that each of you have done has made our jobs easier. I just want to say
thank you for that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'd just like to sincerely thank you for almost 20
years of voluntary service, bringing expertise to an area that is oftentimes
under the horizon, but extremely important to every citizen in the City.
Appreciate it very much and we'll struggle to move ahead without you.

Mayor Burt: I would just like to add a note of context. I think it was around
eight years ago that the City Council opted to increase the size of the
Utilities Advisory Commission. The reasons for doing so were, I think,
twofold. One was that we were moving into an era of even greater change
and innovation in our utilities. We wanted to be able to take advantage of
the incredible knowledge and skills of members of our community who apply
to the Commission, and we didn't have enough spots to do so. That goes
into the second reason. We started getting just a wave of incredible
applicants who said there's a lot of interesting things that the City does, but
what really is exciting to me are the innovations that are happening in our
utilities. The three of you just were what we had in mind. We are grateful
for all that you've contributed in those regards as well as the nuts and bolts
of the day-to-day operation of the utility. Thank you, all three, for your
                                                                           Page 3 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
