                           TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Berman: Your original amendment?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yep.

Mayor Burt: Instead it just becomes—I don't know what the point is. We
can vote on it separately or together. It doesn't really change. The next
action is we'd see whether the medical office passes. If it doesn't, then it
falls back to your amendment. Fine, whatever you want. I will offer the
amendment. Please keep it up there. I'm going to go ahead and just—if
you replace Vice Mayor Scharff and put my name in there, we'll just retain it.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Did you mean to just add medical office or did you
want to restrict uses? I think there's a broader set of uses that could be
under RT-35. (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: I was intending to just expand it to medical office rather than
all uses under RT-35.

Council Member Berman: I'd be okay with that. Part of it is we are going to
be revisiting the permanent Ordinance. That will be a longer conversation,
and I think you'll see more change. I hope I won't be on the Council at that
point, but I hope you'll see more change to some of the really outlying
regions of the Downtown area that the ground-floor retail ordinance falls
under. My concern was just having education. I'd be the biggest proponent
of encouraging as much preschool and childcare as possible in town, but
there are a lot of complications with that. I don't know enough about the
site to know whether or not it's even viable under existing health and safety
laws for that type of use. I don't think that just restricting it to that type of
addition—I just don't know whether or not that even helps. Adding a
secondary use like medical office provides some flexibility to the owners. If
they want to wait six months or seven months until more changes are made
at the time that we pass a permanent Ordinance, that's definitely an option.
Here what we're trying to do is create some flexibility. Without knowing
more about the site, I don't even know if it's a huge help, but at least it's
something before the permanent Ordinance in half a year.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a clarification. The sentence as it reads says
in the interim Ordinance. Does that mean that we are allowing education,
medical offices throughout the City in retail sectors? Why just these two

                                                                         Page 98 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
