                          TRANSCRIPT
be a different situation, but it also makes sense then to see what that
situation is going to be. I'm not sure the neighbors are going to opt into a
program now, until they really start feeling some impact. It's a bit of a
chicken and egg issue. I think we need more info before we move forward,
and we need to prioritize a little bit.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I probably need Council Member Scharff; I have
several friendly amendments. In terms of prioritization, I agree with this,
but I think it's critical that deploy Southgate and Evergreen Park in parallel,
or we'll just have students parking at Evergreen Park and walking through
Southgate or we'll have Cal. workers parking in Southgate and walking
through Evergreen Park. I would propose before "Southgate and Evergreen
Park neighborhoods, to be deployed in parallel."

AMENDMENT:       Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion Part A, “to be deployed in parallel” after
“Park Neighborhoods.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just want to understand. The City Manager thought
we should prioritize them. Are you suggesting that we would slow down
Southgate, for instance, if Evergreen wasn't ready or we'd slow down
Evergreen if Southgate wasn't ready? I personally would rather get either of
them with their separate programs—I don't think they're the same
program—in as soon as possible. I think what you're going to do is slow one
or the other down by saying they have to come out in parallel.

Council Member DuBois: I agree they could be separate district, but I do
think they have to come out together. The green area of Southgate is the
part that hits Evergreen Park. I'm just concerned we're going to be totally
swamped whichever neighborhood comes second. I just think that's an
important goal, that they—they may have different characteristics but they
could actually be enforced as one large district as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not opposed to that for me; it's just a timing issue
that we might slow the process down. I'll let the City Manager respond.

Mr. Keene: Can I clarify it in this way? I think the intention is shared, which
is what's the quickest and most expeditious way to achieve both of those.
That being said, we'd be better off being able to be flexible. As the Vice
Mayor said, there are some unknowns that may pop up that would say some
bifurcation for a little bit of time may work better than the other. I think the
objective is we want to get restricted parking in both of these areas. Again,
it's going to be interesting. I don't know how we'll handle the employee
                                                                        Page 107 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
