                          TRANSCRIPT
like Comp. Plan Update and DEIR. The one that we went over tonight.
You'll know what I'm talking about. It deals with the scenarios. If you look
at Scenario 1, which is business as usual, Number 2 slowing growth, Number
3 housing tested and Number 4, the one that I think we initially were a bit
troubled by but now I think probably are looking at it more significantly than
we were before. That's the main issue I'd like to hear you talk about. I
have a feeling that you probably come down in many different lily pads on
this. I'd be interested in knowing why and what you support. It also would
be helpful to know, when we hear from you, what your background is in the
City to give us some more flavor for this. Also, I in particular want to say
thank you to all of you. There are hours that you have spent on this.
Thanks particularly to Arthur and Dan as well. I don't know if this is truly a
labor of love or a labor of something different. It certainly is a labor. I
know all nine of us really appreciate your doing this. Thank you. Did they
ever put any food out at your meetings?

Mr. Dennis: Yes. It's very good food as well.

Mayor Burt: Maybe we'll show up then.

Council Member Kniss: That's very attractive, I think. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Not seeing other Council Members at this time, I'd like to toss
out one other. As the Chairs explained, you've been looking at kind of the
sustainability overlay to the various other chapters. A question would be in
addition to essentially indexing or however you go about identifying how
different policies and programs relate to our sustainability, we currently have
a natural environment chapter.        Should sustainability and the natural
environment have both a standalone chapter that has a cohesive set of
policies and programs around sustainability in addition to the indexing
mechanisms that show how different other chapters relate to that? That's a
question I would have. We've identified a good number of big issues that for
the most part the Staff had done a great job of capturing. We would
welcome any members of the CAC who would like to come forward and just
offer input. Now I've got a bunch more lights. I guess I talked long enough,
and the lights come on. Why don't we take a few more minutes, and we'll
capture some more input from Council Members. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:       Thank you.      Consistent with one of your
comments, we also have mentioned, but I'm not sure if this has been
conveyed to the CAC or not, that also we have as a Priority Healthy City
Healthy Community. While I don't think we talked about that as being a
separate chapter, but how that's integrated also into the various chapters is
an important one. Also, one that we haven't really talked much about is arts

                                                                            Page 50 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
