                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Hoyt: I don't have the ICC definition with me, off the top of my head.
The bottom line is the Code does have exceptions for general maintenance.
Replacing a fixture when it's gone bad, replacing a toilet when it's gone bad,
a showerhead when it's gone bad, electrical receptacle, you do not have to
come in a get a permit to do that type of work. It's when you're putting in a
new shower or you're putting in a new tub and you're adding that fixture
and the associated plumbing or the associated electrical; that's when you
need to come in and get a permit for the work. That's what these fees are
created for, to recoup those inspection costs of going out and providing that
inspection.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think Mayor Burt summed it up well. We don't want
to do any harm to a lot of these neighborhood events and other things. We
want to understand this a little bit better. I would like us to go back to
Finance. I guess that's where it came from, right? To go to back to Finance
with the guidance to Staff to look through these fees, make sure that they
don't affect events, try and make them less judgment. I'm totally with
Mayor Burt on that. It seemed that you could pile on a bunch of fees or you
could not. It's a bunch of judgment. I hate the idea that I come in and get
the wrong the person at the counter, and then—I'd like a lot more of that.
You've heard the discussion. Come back to Finance, and let's get this done.

Mr. Keene: Can I make a suggestion? If that's what you want to do, that's
just a small portion of these fees. Why don't you direct us to remove the
special event-related fees. We'll look at it and say that includes—if I get the
bouncy house to come to my house or if there's a block party.

Mayor Burt: I think that's good. What about this category? I haven't really
waded through these enough to know how many circumstances where we're
basically charging an average fee for, say, a bathroom if you only need a
single fixture. That's another category that I'd like a second look at.

Mr. Pirnejad: Could we possibly address that question with our expert since
he's here? How we approach the fixture fee, the old versus the new, might
give some clarity …

Mayor Burt: If we can do that real quickly.

Daniel Edds, Capital Accounting Partners: Thank you. I'm Dan Edds with
Capital Accounting Partners.   It was my privilege to provide the cost
analysis. What I’m hearing is really what is the definition of a fixture. I
think George did a really good job. It's not routine maintenance kinds of
changing out fixtures. It's not changing out the faucet and the shower.
                                                                         Page 93 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
