                          TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Dennis: That's on page C-30?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, C-30.

Mr. Dennis: If I remember correctly, somewhat aspirational, I think, to be
honest.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would just encourage the CAC to go back and look at
issues like that and say to themselves is that really appropriate? Maybe it
is. Maybe we do have a nationally recognized program. No one's every told
me that.

Male: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I can tell you the chips are back there. I don't think
they're very healthy.

Mayor Burt: Before continuing, let's just do a time check. We are at 9:05.
This item is scheduled to 9:15. Even if we ran a bit over, it's hard for me to
see how we're going to be able to loop back and do this series of straw polls.
I think we want to do a check-in as to whether we're going to need a second
half to this or an additional third to this discussion that we would bring back
at a later date and be able to kind of do a completion of our discussion and
this straw polling. Thoughts on this process? Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm going to be pretty short.

Mayor Burt: That's in your comments. That doesn't really do anything for
this whole process by which we'd revisit things and see basically what
consensus we have on the whole myriad of potential directions that we've
heard from Council Members. We've heard what? Maybe 30, 40 different ...

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: You're speaking without your mike.

Council Member Filseth: Is it that many? I sort of heard half a dozen main
ones. You think it's more?

Mayor Burt: I do.

Council Member DuBois: I heard a lot of consensus too. I thought we could
get through some things quickly.

                                                                         Page 38 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
