                          TRANSCRIPT
connected to an electric rail line that came down from San Jose and actually
in those days had much higher ridership, was cheaper than it is today and all
electric already. We've gone backwards in terms of that part of the Bay
Area. The other part is we don't have a lot of regions of high density. The
Downtown area has a lot of commercial, but not much residential, so we've
split those. We really haven't done well siting the companies close to the
existing transit capacity. All of those are inhibitors where subscale, long
interval—the times are too long, that's why people ride Caltrain but don't
ride the light rail system to the same degree. Caltrain actually is pretty
direct and pretty efficient. That's a short answer. Sorry?

Male: (inaudible)

Mr. Heck: Only one place, that's right. That's why we need a network.
Again, if you look at cities that work, you've got radial connections and you
have circular connections. We have that if you look at the northern part of
the bay. I'd argue, despite what we say at Stanford, between Stanford and
Berkeley, Berkeley residents aren't that different from Palo Alto residents,
and yet we've got a massively higher transit ridership across the Bay Bridge
in the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) region, basically because the frequency
and the density is right and it's more of a network there than it is here.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Unless I'm mistaken, the lead on our autonomous
cars has been taken by tech companies and not by car companies. Do you
want to comment on that?

Mr. Heck: Yeah, that's right. That's right. Car companies are trying to
catch up. They're all a little bit scared of what Google is doing and Apple
and others. Now, there's Chinese tech companies actually getting into the
game, building their own cars. I think it's still early. It's hard to build a
really reliable, safe car. It's certainly hard to build an autonomous car brain.
I think we're going to see only a handful of companies make that transition.
We're lucky to have some of them here. I think we've got some good bets
going. One of the things I want to highlight is we can help these companies
succeed. We were the place where a lot of the early development was done
three years ago. We're right on the cusp of losing that. If you talk to
companies now, they're starting to test in Austin. If you saw an article a
couple of weeks ago in the New York Times, they're starting to test in
Florida. We're losing our edge. We should be encouraging that to happen
here and opening opportunities for them to actually test and build sharing
systems here. I think it is a huge opportunity for us to get that creativity, to


                                                                         Page 33 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
