                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: 711 I think.

Council Member Holman: 711, thank you.

Ms. Atkinson: Section E reads that the City may request that the TMA Board
be expanded to include additional members, possibly including residents or
additional City representation.

Council Member Holman: That doesn't exactly address what I'm asking.
What is the constitution of the Board and what's the outreach and how do
they gain members? The information we had last time was people who pay
a fee and volunteer. What's the outreach and what is the constitution of the
Board? This doesn't address what I was asking.

Mr. Mello: The Bylaws, which were adopted, I believe, late in 2015, outlined
the makeup of the Board and divides the Board into large businesses,
medium businesses and small businesses. The agreement that's before you
tonight is just the agreement for the funding that the TMA is going to receive
from the City. These are the strings that we're attaching to the funding,
that we're providing the TMA. These are not the incorporation documents
for the TMA; those are separate from this.

Council Member Holman: It does seem, though, one would want to have
those structural and formative documents before providing the funding.
What are we funding? I'm not going to oppose it, because I want us to
move forward. I will say that the structure should be identified and clear
before doing this, from a procedural standpoint.

Mr. Mello: The Bylaws that were presented to you when we last visited you
have not been modified since that visit.

Council Member Holman: I think there were questions raised about those.
That's one thing I am disappointed about.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add a few thoughts. First, the key to this ultimately is
funding. The TMA team has now come up with a plan and, if it's funded, can
have impactful outcomes.      I think it is wishful thinking to think that
encouragement is in some way going to come up with adequate funding.
We haven't seen that we have a strong willingness from the broad business
community to put the kind of dollars that this would take. I don't anticipate
that's going to be the case.       That leaves two funding sources, our
prospective transportation tax and parking sources. I think, frankly, that
both of those are going to be necessary if we're going to want to have a
strong TMA for Downtown, have it expanded beyond the current boundaries
in Downtown. The cost would go up more if we included SOFA and the
                                                                            Page 84 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
