                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'll speak to it too.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll speak to it too.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois:

Council Member DuBois: I was in the Housing Element when we worked on
this. When we say San Antonio Road, we're talking about a particular
portion of San Antonio Road, mostly down, across from the nursery. It's not
right where the Caltrain station is. It's further down near the Jewish
Community Center (JCC) and the nursery. Again, it's where Hengehold
Trucks is. It's kind of semi-industrial. I personally don't feel there are a lot
of services there. Yes, you can get to Cubberley and other places. As
Council Member Schmid has said, the weighting in the Housing Element was
weighted more heavily to South El Camino Real and San Antonio Road. This
idea of locating smaller units near transit, University and Caltrain, just
makes sense to me.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll just go briefly to add to that. When we did the
Housing Element, we got the input from—what was your group called? The
Housing Element group. We got that input. There was strong feeling on
that. I don't understand why Council Member Holman has changed her
mind, since she was a strong proponent of this when we actually sat down.
I think you were. We sat down and did this. I also think there's a lot of
congestion on San Antonio Road. What this does is move these housing
sites to places with less congestion, at least to evaluate. That doesn't mean
we wouldn't eventually go back to that. San Antonio Road has some really
interesting, funky, lower income business-type opportunities where the rents
are cheaper. I don't really want to lose that right away when we could
actually have the housing sites somewhere else.

Council Member Wolbach: Let me just—thank you for that. I guess my only
concern is I do want to make sure that we do focus on improving San
Antonio Road in a lot of ways. I don't want to close the door to maybe doing
a coordinated area plan and focusing on transportation there. I'm okay with
this, as long as that's not shutting the door on the future.

Mayor Burt: It's only what it is. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'm okay.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.




                                                                        Page 111 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
