                         TRANSCRIPT
     3.    The design is of high aesthetic quality, is an aesthetically holistic
           design of massing and materials (intended to avoid superficial and
           “applied” appearance of design) using high quality materials and
           appropriate construction techniques, and incorporating textures,
           colors, and other details that are compatible with and enhance
           the surrounding area.

     4.    The design is functional, allowing for ease and safety of
           pedestrian and bicycle access and providing for elements that
           support the building’s necessary operations (e.g. convenient
           vehicle access to property and utilities, appropriate arrangement
           and amount of open space and integrated signage, if applicable,
           etc.).

     5.    The landscape design compliments and enhances the building
           design and its surroundings, is appropriate to the site’s functions,
           and utilizes, to the extent practical, indigenous drought-resistant
           plant material capable of providing desirable habitat and that can be
           appropriately maintained.

     6.    The project incorporates design principles that achieve
           sustainability and green building requirements in areas related to
           energy efficiency, water conservation, building materials,
           landscaping, and site planning.”

B.   Direct Staff and the Architectural Review Board to review the updated
     language prior to the next reading of this Ordinance and offer
     approval, feedback or changes.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously with Council
Member Filseth and Vice Mayor Scharff absent.       That concludes Item
Number 7. Thank you, thank you.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Filseth, Scharff absent

8.   Direction to Staff Regarding Downtown Palo Alto Parking Wayfinding
     and Parking Guidance Systems Design.

Mayor Burt: We'll now move on to the Downtown parking wayfinding and
parking guidance systems. Staff has recommended that the Council direct
Staff to solicit bids for construction of the Downtown parking wayfinding
design in the blue color scheme and direct Staff to prepare plans and
estimates for construction and installation of Automated Parking Guidance
System, APGS—I say that with emphasis because I'm expecting to hear
many hallelujahs from the community—with preference for single space
                                                                         Page 41 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
