                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: One of the things that would need to be resolved is
this issue of if I'm putting a no-employee-car zone over here, how do I ...

Council Member Kniss: In Number 10.

Council Member Filseth: On Number 10, right. How am I make sure I'm not
funneling all those cars so that Zone Number 4 and 5 get more cars?

Council Member DuBois: I read it off and David didn't catch it, if you guys
want to add this. My "G3" originally was sell no employee decals outside of
the phase boundaries initially and come back for consideration with a
discussion of the hang tags and scratchers.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) you said it right.

Council Member Schmid: Let's see. Let me ask a couple of questions. You
say to meter hang tags. Right now there are 850 hang tags on average out
there. Do you keep that as a starting point or are you trying to reduce the
number?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Schmid, I think we would really like the
opportunity to come back to you on this issue of the employee hang tags
and scratchers.     We gave a lot of thought to the limitation and the
distribution of annual permits, but we haven't had an opportunity to give a
lot of thought to the idea of the limitation on these daily permits. We'd be
happy to do that and come back and have a more full discussion at a more
reasonable hour on this topic.

Council Member Schmid: I guess the numbers that you have here indicate
that you have 1,500 parking permits plus 850 hang tags, I assume that's
every day, plus the two-hour parking. The numbers add up to what? 3,000
parking spaces taken. It's not clear what direction we're going.

Ms. Gitelman: Forgive us for not being clear. We're talking about issuing
annual permits of between 1,500 and 2,000. They wouldn't actually be on
the street every day. I don't know where the 800 number for the hang tags
came from. Again, we don't see that number of permits on the street in any
given day. We can come back, get into that issue of daily permits in much
more detail.

Council Member Schmid: It comes, I guess, in your material at the end.
You didn't show that, but it does say employees 1,500 tags, employees daily
850. If there is intrusion showing up, I assume that 850 is a big portion of
it.


                                                                    Page 112 of 125
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/1/16
