                         TRANSCRIPT
and other weather conditions. We're in constant contact hopefully with our
community, and we continue to bolster our supply of sandbags. We've
already distributed more than 25,000, and we have filled sandbags on hand.
Just a reminder that the Climate Action Summit will be taking place this
Sunday, January 24th, and our community is invited to attend it. It will take
place at Jordan Middle School. The doors open at noon with the program
beginning at 12:30 P.M. running to 5:00 P.M. There will be a keynote
address by Retired United States (U.S.) Marine Colonel Mark Mykleby who
has served as a Special Strategic Assistant to the Chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff on the role of climate change and the U.S. Grand Strategy.
We'll talk about how that relates to what we're doing here in Palo Alto.
Participants will also get the chance to talk in small group discussions about
how our community should approach key initiatives including transportation,
energy and water as well as getting a preview of the draft Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan which will be the subject of a Council Study Session the
next night which will be next Monday, the 25th, at the Council meeting.
People can go to the City of Palo Alto website and register. Last week
Stanford University submitted an application to the County for more housing
under their general use permit, otherwise known as the General Use Permit
(GUP). We received a courtesy copy, and we expect to receive a formal
referral from the County for our input very shortly. As I think the Council is
aware, Stanford's proposal involves development of 2,400 new dwelling
units in the Escondido Village area of the campus. That is 1,450 more units
than is currently allowed under the GUP. These will be for graduate students
without children. Stanford submitted a Traffic Study and other analyses as
part of their application. They plan to meet with the Board of the College
Terrace Association this week and hold a larger community meeting in
February. Our Planning Staff will be reviewing the submitted materials and
developing a draft comment letter for review and discussion by the City
Council. At the Mayor's suggestion, we'll also request that Stanford make a
presentation to the Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC) and the
City Council sometime this spring on this. We'll be uploading the submitted
materials to our website this week and linking it to the County website so
our citizens can have access to that information. Just to celebrate the
opening of our new exhibit, Bird in the Hand, this Friday, January 22nd, from
7:00 to 10:00 P.M. at the free Friday night at the Art Center. This is a
chance to view the works of more than 40 Bay Area and international artists,
come face to face with some of the incredible birds from the Junior Museum
and Zoo and engage in hands-on activity. Just another part of the great
events at the Art Center. I just would let the Council know that we had the
artists here today working on the install of the Public Art piece on the video
screens called Conversation which will be mining local, national and actually
international events and news and the opportunity for people to have direct
input either here at City Hall or via text messages or Twitter feeds in
                                                                             Page 3 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
