                          TRANSCRIPT
We don't want to do harm to the merchants, and that's why there's a second
alternative in the Memo. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'll just follow on briefly with this issue. Looking for Staff to be
prepared next week to explain on the one aspect of the Memo about sharing
existing and new parking permits in the Cal. Ave. area. What would be the
practical impact if we have lots where the permit parking is already full and
then we share permits? What's the practical impact of that? Just so Staff
will be prepared to address that. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually one question that, again, we can just
highlight it for next week for discussion that I wasn't clear about. On the
second page of the Memo, right in the middle, there's a reference to Palo
Alto's TDM program and using this as an opportunity to test Palo Alto's TDM
program.      There are multiple TDM requirements that Council Member
Holman just alluded to regarding specific projects. I wasn't familiar with a
TDM program for the City as a whole or for the California Avenue business
district. If there's more explanation about that next week, I'll look forward
to hearing that.

Council Member Holman: Can I just respond to that? Maybe provide a little
clarification?

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Holman: Council Member Wolbach, I'm referring to specific
and individual projects. It's not area wide.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes 8-0 with Council
Member Kniss having recused herself. This will be taken up next week along
with the petition by the two neighborhoods for RPP programs.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Kniss not participating

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, right now that item is the second of two Agenda
Items. While the timeframes we put on it are tentative, it's tentatively
scheduled to start at 8:40 P.M. next week.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before proceeding with the next Agenda Item, our
City Clerk brought forward a card that got missed during the oral comment
period. I want to reopen that to allow one speaker to speak. Walter Bliss,
you have up to three minutes to speak. I'm sorry, two minutes. This is
public comment; it is three minutes.



                                                                         Page 30 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
