                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Friend: On page 36.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. I have it circled, that page.

Mr. Friend: Thirty-six and 37.

Council Member Kniss: I have that one circled there. Maybe if you could
just say a little more about that. You give a good introduction under zero
waste and the circular economy and so forth. I know that one of the things
that we discussed this morning is this ability to compost, and also to do what
you called the circular economy can be pretty challenging, especially as we
start that process. It has been—it's probably true across the country.
Definitely in the Bay Area, we're seeing some major problems that have to
be dealt with as far as how you get into that circular situation and you're
able to get rid of all our recycling waste and so forth. Simply maybe adding
a few more lines to this would be helpful for me. Thanks so much.

Mr. Friend: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Early on in—sorry, not very early on. On page51
of the Draft, page 515 of our Packet, it says in talking about adaptation and
protection against sea level rise and climate change, see detailed
assessment of risks and potential responses in Appendix XX. Clearly a
placeholder. There were a number of things like that that seemed to be kind
of rough draft in this draft. This one particularly, I think, is important. I
certainly feel that and I think many in the audience and the community feel
that our defense against sea level rise at this point, given that it's imminent
and that it's real, and no matter what we do in Palo Alto, is going to impact
our community is probably our, maybe even our top climate change priority,
how we're going to react to it. I was hoping to see more of that in this
Report. Are we going to see that in May when we have that Study Session?
When is that coming forward?

Mr. Friend: There will be a Study Session on sea level rise in May.

Council Member Wolbach: I saw that.

Mr. Friend: Here the appendix is Appendix F. I'm sorry for the XX in the
report. We were holding the appendix names 'til last because we were
adding and moving appendices around and we failed to go back and insert
that. I apologize for that. In Appendix F, you have a fairly substantial—
what is this? About 70-page section of detailed Climate Risk Assessment by
Betty and her subcontractors.
                                                                         Page 23 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
