                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Cohen: Mississippi for some reason. I got the hard ones out of the way.
I'm not sure why Mississippi's still ...

Mayor Burt: Rhyena, is what you're looking for from the Council at this time
follow-up questions and discussion?

Ms. Halpern: Right, exactly. Any questions or items for discussion.

Mayor Burt: Colleagues? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was looking forward to this. Thank you very
much for coming. Several things, and I'll try to keep this as brief as
possible. I was really happy to hear you said there's a State law now that
supports the creation of arts districts. I've been talking about this with the
City Manager last year and some people in the community. I won't ask how
you apply for that; I'm sure Rhyena know. I'm interested in that. Nashville,
I was (inaudible) around Nashville last November.          It just really was
interesting to me. I hadn't been there before. It was really interesting
because everybody thinks of it as the music industry, but also the letter
press and print industry is really alive and well there. It doesn't look like
you're particularly familiar with Nashville's graphic—anyway I'll just mention
that. It was an enlivened community. You mentioned the corrections
facilities and that sort of thing and the impact there.           What about
homelessness? Art does change people lives; I firmly believe that. What
about homeless programs or ways to address that?

Mr. Watson: We actually have a number of grantees around the state who
serve that population in their locality. The LA Poverty Department, which
sounds like a city department but it's actually an arts nonprofit, is involved
in skid row downtown in Los Angeles. Clearly LA is in a kind of class by itself
in terms of the scale and severity of the homeless community. It's worth
noting what that arts group is doing. It's actively engaging the homeless
community itself in theater production and in linking those theater
experiences also to social service providers, almost as a bridge if you will
from the arts to trying to get off the streets. The same would be true of an
amazing organization called Street Symphony who last December we gave
them a grant to perform Handel's Messiah downtown at the Midnight
Mission. That's in the center of skid row. This amazing mounting of
Handel's Messiah that combined professional singers from the LA Master
Chorale and the Philharmonic symphony. It was founded by VJ Gupta who's
one of the principal violinists for the LA Philharmonic. Street Symphony
goes in to juvenile hall, goes into men's central jail, is working in the
homeless community. Those are just some brief examples where the arts
community is not only engaging with the homeless community, but finding a

                                                                         Page 8 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
