                          TRANSCRIPT
Council items that were deleted, that had been proposed on April 11th. It
has strikeout all of the existing Findings that are online right now in our
Code. That's what that Ordinance shows. That's the end result. Does that
help?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. Basically I guess that means I should have
caught it the last time it came around to us. I am worried. It sounded like
at least of my colleagues might share that concern that 2C is far too unclear,
far too broad.       It's like discretionary decision-making and subjective
decision-making on steroids. I'm very worried about that. Also, the ability
to mandate the interior of buildings in 2A, I think, is stronger than the prior
version of the ARB Findings.

Mayor Burt: It's not interior of buildings. Right?

Council Member Wolbach: That's why I was asking that earlier in my first
round of questions.

Ms. French: That was not about the interior of buildings. It's more about
like wayfinding on a site, the functionality on a site. That was just carried
over from the existing Findings that are online now.

Mayor Burt: Interior sense of order is a term of art that does not mean the
interior of buildings.

Council Member Wolbach: I wanted to be really (crosstalk) about that.

Ms. French: An internal sense, not—it's like an intrinsic sense of order, not
interior to a building.

Council Member Wolbach: I heard from a couple of architects ...

Mayor Burt: Intrinsic might be a better word to not have a dual meaning
there.

Council Member Wolbach: I've heard from a couple of architects who were
pretty worried about that. I was a little bit confused by that as well. Also
looking at this surrounding area. If you look at Finding 3, compatible with
the surrounding area. How broad is that surrounding area? Is that across
the street? Is that down the block? Is that only adjacent buildings or is that
completely subjective? Could that be the entire neighborhood?

Mr. Lait: Yeah, it's subjective. I think it's going to be—it could be different
for different projects.


                                                                        Page 94 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
