                          TRANSCRIPT
submitted what they believe is documentation of these effects. It's very,
very hard for us or, I think, anyone to show a cause and effect relationship
between short-term pumping and those kind of effects.            We've not
concluded that there are such effects. We've not ruled that out either.
Therefore, we believe that enhancing these measures makes sense.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks, Phil, for this. I know you've spent a lot of
time and energy on it. Thank you for giving us some information in other
ways as well. Looking at what you passed out, and you just went through it.
Because it wasn't completely described in what is given to us tonight, does
that pose a problem? Do you see this as just enhancing Number 5 or is this
(crosstalk)?

Mr. Bobel: This one sheet of paper that we handed out?

Council Member Kniss: Right. That one right there.

Mr. Bobel: That was attached to the Staff Report and is part of all the
formal documentation. The only change we made to it just to enhance your
discussion tonight was we numbered it. I just looked at it and thought this
is going to be ugly trying to talk about it without it being numbered. It's
attached to the Staff Report. It's part of the recommendations in the Staff
Report. It just wasn't numbered like that one sheet of paper.

Council Member Kniss: For the record, the public knows exactly about this
and what it means?

Mr. Bobel: What's that?

Council Member Kniss:     This is included in such a way that the public is
aware of it?

Mr. Bobel: Like all of the documents that are brought before Council, this
has undergone the same process of public notice and outreach.

Council Member Kniss: I'm asking because this is great detail.

Mr. Bobel: I'm only hesitating because I could find ten people off the street
who would not be familiar with this.

Council Member Kniss: In addition, I'm going to guess that probably
somebody about to do a house or a basement or the contractor involved
                                                                       Page 39 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
