                          TRANSCRIPT
of language there. The Comp Plan is there, and it kind of gets back to the
interconnectedness. Maybe you say something more like at the bottom of
this, tying it together: completion of the Comp Plan 2015 to 2030. It was
interesting when we were asking the public about what was important—this
was in the open-ended question—hardly anybody talked about the Comp
Plan. I would think that unless you're an insider in City Hall stuff, people
don't really necessarily aren't thinking about the Comprehensive Plan. The
fact is that it is this integration piece of these different things that you're
talking about, and it does set the vision. I think you should get some
language that's a little more meaningful to the public and makes it more
relevant to how it does tie these different components together. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm not inclined to support the substitute
motion. I would actually go kind of a different direction. Maybe we'll vote
on it and then come back to it. I'm kind of thinking, as the City Manager put
it, the mash up of the Built Environment, we might want to trim that or
rearrange that a little bit. I would actually suggest that we pull parking out
and put that with mobility. As Council Member DuBois was suggesting,
maybe drop Infrastructure altogether or move housing up to the top of the
list. Kind of like Housing and Livability, Mobility and Parking, Healthy
City/Healthy Community, and then completion of the Comp Plan. That's kind
of the direction that I'm leaning right now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I like the idea. First off, this just seems to be
kind of a philosophical difference on the Council of what the purpose of
Priorities are and whether or not they need to all fit cleanly and neatly under
buckets that are all interconnected or whether the importance of Priorities is
to clearly indicate to the community we've heard what they've been saying,
some things rise above others and the need to emphasize and send that
clear kind of communication and signal to the community. I won't be
supporting the substitute motion. I think it's really important for all the
reasons that have been mentioned, that I won't repeat, that we highlight
mobility. I like the idea of fleshing that out a little bit, similar to what we've
done in Number 1. Whether it's traffic and parking, I'm not going to quibble
on what terms we use to make it clear to the community of what exactly
that means. I mean, what mobility means. Also, it helps kind of streamline
the mish-mash under Number 1 right now. I'd like to keep Infrastructure
there, but I'm not going to fall on my sword for it.



                                                                            Page 47 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 01/30/16
