                         TRANSCRIPT
opinions and serious as myself to express myself.           I have absolutely
understated those words about my opinions and things like that, as people
who know me know. I couldn't have performed as well without the many
outstanding direct reports who very rarely get a chance to be up here. I
really want to recognize them. I've been with them for 15 years, and I
really couldn't have done my job without them. I'm going to only mention a
few names. Tarun Narayan who does a lot of the work on debt, investments
and banking; Josie Stokes and her group who run revenue collections and
answer the many questions of citizens who come in and others and deliver
excellent customer service; Scott O'Neill who's run the warehouse, who's
also retiring with me. I guess he thought it was a good time to leave, with
me that is. He's done a great job there. Someone who retired, Nancy
Nagel, who some of you may know, who worked on sustainability for the
City and did a really great job there and helped with labor negotiations when
we did that. Of all the Staff, I really want to acknowledge my boss, Lalo
Perez, your Chief Financial Officer (CFO), whose management style has
really allowed me to flourish. I'll never forget his trust in my abilities and
work in all the diverse areas that Council Member Schmid mentioned a while
ago. He had faith that I could do that and give him good advice on all the
different projects I've been on. I also want to say that he reflects many of
the values that I hold important. He always believes in the end to do what's
best for the City. The City has been fortunate to have him as a financial
guardian. My last thanks go to my wonderful wife, Kathleen, and our
daughter, Ava, who's in the audience and who just became engaged, for
their support over the years. When I get a little cranky maybe or whatever,
when I come home, they've offered a lot of solace. Finally, I just want to
say that you learn about a lot of stuff in the elevators. You hear rumors and
stories. One of the things that I've heard is that the City has—there's
movement afoot for the City to be a world-class organization. Throughout
my years of work here, I have really, truly been impressed by the quality
and the caliber of the people that I've worked with throughout the
departments. There are many I may have disagreed with, but I really do
respect the quality even in the differences that we've had. I would say to
you do recognize the noteworthy talent that already exists here as you move
forward into the future with the organization that you think is best for the
City. Thank you very much for the recognition. It's been a really good time
working with the City. It's been a stimulating and fulfilling career. Perhaps
as a resident, I will come back and talk to you and use my full three
minutes.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next Resolution is in honor of Joe Teresi.
Council Member Holman will be reading it.


                                                                          Page 4 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
