                         TRANSCRIPT
Last January, we held a Sustainability and Climate Action Summit. We've
recently adopted a City 80/30 goal, which is a greenhouse gas reduction
goal of 80 percent from 1990 levels by the year 2030. That's 20 years
ahead of California's ambitious goal, having established Palo Alto as a global
leader in climate protection while showing others that a strong economy,
low-cost energy and clean energy are all achievable. The great California
drought of recent years reminded us of the criticality and delicacy of our
water supply and the nexus between water, energy and climate change. The
Sierra snowpack provides our drinking water and irrigation water along with
nearly half of our clean electricity. That snowpack has been shrinking for
decades, and even greater threats to it are anticipated with climate change.
Consequently we are now tackling the need for a sustainable water system
in addition to restricting dewatering from basement construction and moving
forward with a green storm drain system that replenishes our groundwater
rather than allowing storm runoff to contribute to flood risk. Last year, we
launched an initiative with the Santa Clara Valley Water District to achieve a
sustainable water supply at low cost by producing purified, recycled
wastewater.     We have the great challenge of our built environment,
commercial development, traffic, parking and housing. The pressures of
development have presented fundamental questions of how to continue to
embrace change while maintaining for the long term the type of community
that resident’s value. In 2014, we began regulating worker parking in
residential neighborhoods through the creation of a Residential Preferential
Parking Program. This year we adopted new architectural guidelines for
better clarity, more compatible buildings and sustainable landscaping.
Recognizing that our local and regional job growth has far exceeded
increases in housing supply, last year we launched annual caps to reduce
and meter our rate of office growth, limiting new office developments to
50,000 square feet per year in most of the City while requiring projects to be
higher quality with lower impacts. We've also reduced the incentives for
office development, making residential development a better alternative as a
consequence. With the conversion of offices in the Research Park as part of
the Mayfield agreement, we now have over 300 units of primarily affordable
housing being constructed. The total new office and all other commercial
projects in the City from 2014 to 2016 was less than 50,000 square feet as a
result of reducing the Research Park constructed office by the Mayfield
amount. In addition to our commitment to preserve the Buena Vista
affordable housing community and our support for our recent County
Measure A affordable housing bond, we're now proceeding with zoning
changes and development impact fees to provide for more affordable
housing. Most importantly, next year we will complete the Comp Plan and
zoning changes along with it to implement our Housing Element, which
provides for more and smaller units with fewer traffic impacts in our
downtowns and along El Camino. We've been equally committed to planning
                                                                         Page 4 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
