                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Now I'm really confused about Slide 10. I thought
Slide 10 was essentially an update with this extra revenue.

Mr. Keene: Let me help out. What this slide up here is trying to show you is
what the FY '17 budget balancing is. What Slide 10 tries to do is, in the area
of full information sharing and updating and transparency, to say by the way
we have $1.2 million, whatever the number is, 70—$1.3 million almost in
additional revenue that's going to accrue in Fiscal Year '16, that is not
included in the budget. It's not like something we've re-appropriated, as
Kiely was just saying. We do want to let you know that we anticipate we
could reprogram those reductions of those non-shovel-ready projects in FY
'17. They could be back in '18. A year from now, you'd actually be
spending that $4.3 million. That's just trying to show you some changes
that are in play. Just to complicate things here a little bit. In addition to—
going back to 9. Can you go back to 9? In addition to having a budget that
tells this story, that funds all the things that were proposed plus the majority
vote approvals from Finance Committee, you'll actually have a BSR of 21.4
percent and really not have a draw on it. On top of which, you also have,
here at the end of the fiscal year, $1.27 million in additional revenue that
isn't budgeted yet ...

Council Member DuBois: That's what I'm trying to get to.

Mr. Keene: ... but we have plenty of ways to spend it. You also have a $1
million revenue gap that is not appropriated at all, when you saw the earlier
slide that showed we have $194.1 million in expenses, and we have $195.1
million in revenues. There's an additional $1 million that is not allocated in
the budget at this point. That's because—we prepare these things over one
or two weeks; yet, we get the revenue estimates; we do the
reprogramming, and we see actually there's more money there. Just so you
know, that $1 million difference we have right now is not included in that
BSR. It has not been sent back to the BSR. In a sense, it's floating out
there right now.

Council Member DuBois: My assumption was even in Scenario B here, the
CIP deferrals would likely show up in 2018.

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Council Member Dubois: Why is Slide 10 any different? Are you saying you
actually want to allocate the budget even though you know you can't spend
it?

Mr. Keene: Slide 10 almost really should be relabeled as if we were looking
ahead to 2018, not 2017.
                                                                             Page 45 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
