                          TRANSCRIPT
you think of that strip, then that goes right across the Measure E site. It
just wouldn't fulfill that objective of creating the wildlife corridor to put
vegetation inside our fence. It would be inconsistent with the Long Range
Facility Plan that we adopted.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Just to add, I think the discrepancy on the 10 acres
versus 6-7, if I'm recalling correctly, the last time that we saw a proposal, it
was one that was not necessarily utilizing all 10 acres. It was the 6-7 that
would be utilized, even though we had allocated 10. That's ringing a bell?

Mr. Bobel:   Yeah.   We did have proposals that used less than 10, you're
right.

Mayor Burt: I see—Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I believe when the final design of Byxbee Park was
done, there was a compromise where they said they would not design the
space Measure E needed. It was about six or seven acres, but the rest was
designed to be parkland with slopes. If you look at the CH2M HILL materials
that we were given, Page 25, it clearly identifies what seems to be the
Measure E site that's protected. It actually is designed into the slope of the
landfill. That is a part of the south-facing fence that is well landscaped at
the moment. The landscaping in the corridor as you move east is the part
that is empty. I think it is well outside of this site that has been designed in
Byxbee Park as the park area. The trails go through that open space. I
guess I would like to propose an Amendment that we add a review of the
landscaping on what would be the south side of the facility to be consistent
with the Baylands Master Plan.

Mayor Burt: That's acceptable to the maker and the seconder.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and add a review of
landscaping on the south side of the facility to be consistent with the
Baylands Master Plan.”

Mayor Burt: Do you need to add some timeframe to this or do we need
Staff to come back on that? It's open-ended.

Council Member Schmid:        I would think with a discussion with the
Community Services Department about the parkland and who pays, where it
is, what could be done, whether this CH2M HILL map is an accurate
depiction of the Measure E land.



                                                                          Page 51 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
