  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

Management programs, TDMs, so you’ve got two new acronyms, TMAs and
TDMs, the T is about transportation so that’s probably the most important
part.

And so we are working on that and on the 14th of March we’re going to have
presentations from our new TMA that is working at getting that fully
launched for the Downtown area and Stanford Research Park’s TMA that has
initiated an entire one for the Research Park. And they did that in part
because we basically said we need you to address the trip generation in the
Research Park or we are going to look at other measures or consider other
measures including controlling the amount of office space, even what’s
permitted under their Master Permit. And they answered and said well
actually you don’t even need to tell us to do that. We’re moving in that
direction already. And they explained that they’re moving in that direction
because the businesses in the Research Park see traffic congestion as the
biggest threat to the well-being of their businesses that they have. So the
very thing that we as residents see as a problem we’re now seeing the
businesses see as a problem as well. And so I think out of that convergence
of what we see as the issue and the challenge we have an opportunity
together to really address this and solve it.

That’s not our only problem. This economic growth has meant that we now
have incredible escalation in housing costs and rental housing cost and
apartment costs. And we’re hardly alone. We’re not alone in that traffic
problem. If we look at the region everywhere we go we’re experiencing
similar things.      And the same thing is happening on housing costs
throughout. But housing in Palo Alto is among the most expensive in the
country or is it even the world? And our challenge is how can we have
housing that will minimize or even not contribute to trip generation and not
overwhelm our school systems? When we had kind of a last wave of
housing growth from 2003 through 2008 it was principally in South Palo Alto
and it was at locations that we actually hadn’t intended to have the housing.
A decade before we had most of our housing growth in North Palo Alto and
we said yes, we want to put it here. And a lot of it was contentious, but it
was deliberate. What happened in the South Palo Alto is that property value
for housing became after the dot.com bust was one of the few property
investments that was still worth doing and we had a bunch of developers
just flock to it. It was one of the few places they could put their money and
so we had a lot of housing growth. Council Member Larry Klein at the time
initiated to look at having where commercial land had historically allowed
housing by right it’s now a Conditional Use Permit (CUP). So it’s still

                                                                           Page 8 of 18
                                                              State of the City Address
                                                                                2/24/16
