                         TRANSCRIPT
vanpool; pretax payroll deduction options for transit and vanpool; bicycle
lockers; secure bike room, racks, fix-it stations, and showers; monthly
onsite Beeline bicycle maintenance services; $20 monthly bicycle voucher
that's valid at most bike shops; SAP commuter website with employee
commute coordinators; new employee commuter presentations; and transit
kiosks throughout our campus.           We are self-motivated to offer our
employees these programs because sustainability is a core value of SAP, our
employees and the work that we do. Through SAP's TDM, our employees
reduce greenhouse gas emissions emitted during their commute by about 30
percent or 3.5 million pounds. This translates into a reduction of 590
pounds per person. Our TDM efforts play a direct role in our sustainability
goals and a key reason why we are taking TDM so seriously. SAP sees the
value in coordinating an approach with Stanford Research Park's TDM
Working Group, because it allows us the opportunity to have a synergistic
engagement with other employers to share knowledge, resources and
information. A coalition of the willing, so to speak. Additionally, partnering
with the SRP TDM working group has allowed many of the programs and
offerings to scale. For example, through our engagement with the SRP TDM
Working Group, we can now offer significant discounts for the VTA Eco Pass
program. We have also been able to discuss collective planning approaches
and actions for shuttles, transit services and ride-matching systems to name
a few. It goes without saying we see value in speaking with a common voice
to advocate for changes in regional transportation systems. What's key to
our success with TDM and working with the Working Group is flexibility. We
need to remain flexible to determine the best programs to meet our
employees' specific needs as they evolve in our changing workforce. Our
TDM efforts are moving the needle in a positive direction, and this is because
we at SAP are able to determine what programs best fit our collective culture
and the needs of our employee base. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Does that conclude your presentation?

Ms. Griego: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much. At this time, I'd like to return to the
Council for any questions that Colleagues may have. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you both for that presentation, and the
members of the business community. It's really interesting. I'm curious
where you got the data for the heat maps you showed.

Ms. Jarvis: That was employee ZIP Code data that our employers provided
to us. We were able to map that out to give you the density map.

                                                                        Page 18 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
