                          TRANSCRIPT
time, Palo Alto being one of the last to close. They're subleasing their
Edgewood space, and we're doing everything we can to help them. Between
us, they've hired a broker, Cushman Wakefield, as you may be aware.
We're doing our own search of the local stores. Cushman generally works
with national and regional type tenants. We don't feel that what we've
learned is that they're the most appropriate. Between us, we've contacted
over 65 grocers, and dozens have toured the site. Most of the chain grocers
pass because they won't fit into our space, which was sized for an earlier
era.    We find the family-owned grocers—most of the families aren't
interested in expanding. That's not to say we can't find a grocer. We've had
two serious prospects and a lot of close misses. We introduced Andronico's
to the Fresh Market, and the negotiations were long and tedious. Whenever
they couldn't resolve an issue, we made concessions to keep the deal alive.
Rent was never an issue with any prospect. In fact, Andronico's initial rent
offer was at market rate, which actually gave the Fresh Market a sublease
profit. None of that profit came to us as landlord. After all the agreements
were finalized, Andronico's literally pulled out at the last minute, saying they
were pursuing other opportunities. We were devastated. At the time, word
on the street was that they were selling themselves, which proved to be
right. Do I have a few more seconds?

Mayor Burt: Just one last statement, wrap-up.

Mr. Tze: A few months ago, we identified a local family-owned grocer who
likes the space and wants to expand. They've begun negotiating with the
Fresh Market and now are working on a sublease. We will do everything we
can to make this deal work. Nobody wants a grocer at Edgewood more than
Sand Hill, and we're determined to fill it as fast as we can. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Carla Carvalho to be followed by Lenore Cymes.

Carla Carvalho: Good evening, Council. Mr. Fry, I'm glad to hear that you
have three grocers you can walk to from any of our neighborhoods. We
currently have zero in the Duveneck neighborhood. I'm glad to hear that
we're talking about a prospective mom and pop or small owned grocer as
coming in. If that's the case and something is in the works, then we
shouldn't have to worry about these fines. We should go ahead and
proceed. Sand Hill would have nothing to worry about in that case. In the
meantime, for 18 months our neighborhood has been lacking a grocer at
Edgewood Plaza. For more than 12 of these months, we've asked for your
help in encouraging the developer to seek out a tenant for this empty space.
During this time, we the neighborhood have endured the emotional ups and
downs, oohs and ahs of a rollercoaster as we were repeatedly told by Sand
Hill Properties that such-and-such a grocer was interested, not interested,

                                                                          Page 20 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
