                          TRANSCRIPT
like to work with the City to do other things like identify surplus property or
underutilized properties around the City and looking at making the
development process more smooth. We're really thankful that you're having
this conversation. We'd like to be a part of it in the future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by Mark Mollineaux.

Herb Borock: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. The various
proposed fees all have the effect on developers' profit. The commercial fees
being raised, it has been suggested that they shouldn't be raised and should
be the same as they are in other cities. The speaker didn't say that the
price charged for leasing that office space should be the same as in other
cities. I believe a higher fee might lower some developer profit if they can't
pass it onto their tenants, but I think they can well afford it. The residential
for-sale, it's just the opposite. The fees suggested would bring in less
money than we currently get for the same size for-sale property. Even at
$95 a square foot, I believe that's less than it was last calendar year. I
think instead of relying upon an invented prototype in the analysis, which
just provides a legal justification for doing what you might do for policy
suggestion, you go back and take a look at how much in-lieu fees you
received from various for-sale projects, and then calculate what the per
square foot would be for that entire project. I believe you will find that,
once you add the escalation each year to for-sale prices, you'll be getting
much less money under the proposal than you would now at 7.5 percent. In
regards to rental projects, you currently can't charge a fee because under
the BMR program that fee is inextricably linked to the percentage of units
that you would have in an inclusionary zoning project. Here, the ordinance
proposes to do the reverse, but they're still linked. I'm not satisfied that the
rental linkage would survive a court challenge. We currently have a 7.5
percent in-lieu fee instead of a 15 percent BMR inclusion, but there is a
Comprehensive Plan program, H-1.2.1, that says when a loss of rental
housing occurs due to the subdivision or condominium conversion approvals,
the project shall require 25 percent BMR units. That would result in a 12.5
percent fee. I don't see anything in the report that deals with implementing
that program in the Comprehensive Plan. I think the best use of the money
is to preserve existing affordable housing. The same structure of financing
is there because the same low-income tax credits are available for
preserving affordable housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mark Mollineaux to be followed by our final
speaker, Winter Dellenbach.

Mark Mollineaux: Hi there. My name is Mark Mollineaux. I graduated from
Stanford and now am living in Redwood City. You have to ask what is the

                                                                          Page 57 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
