                         TRANSCRIPT
Table 3. Since we're not in motions yet, I'll leave it at that. Sorry, one
more thing. On this question of grade separation, maybe the easiest way to
change it—at least what I'd be looking for—is where it says in Table 4
agreed separation of Caltrain in a trench below Charleston and Meadow. I'd
be open to adding two words, "at least." It'd say grade separation of
Caltrain in a trench at least below Churchill and Meadow. I'll leave my
comments at that for now and let it go to motions.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move the Staff proposal for Scenarios 5 and 6. Do
you want more definition like as captured in the table set forth in? As
captured in the table set forth in—I guess it starts on Table 2 through Table
5.

Council Member Kniss: Second. Are you done?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, that was the short Motion.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
direct Staff to move forward with Scenarios 5 and 6 as outlined in Tables 2-
5.

Mayor Burt: Go on.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think for the most part Staff captured this well. I'm
clearly open to tweaks that Council Members want to make. I realize that
was the goal here. I was very intrigued with Mayor Burt's concern about the
unbundling. I have that concern. I didn't really view this as we choose
either Scenario 5 or we choose Scenario 6. I viewed it that we could mix
and match a little bit. I want to know if we're going to do where we can do
that as much as possible, that's going to be helpful. It's going to be very
difficult if we can't unbundle how to do that. I actually would have thought
about this whole process totally different, because I thought we were saying
as long it's in here, we can unbundle it and mix and match it. If we have no
basis to make that decision because we can't unbundle it, then it becomes
very hard to justify why are you pulling that over, other than gut judgment.
I have that concern as well on this. The more we can unbundle it, the better
that would be. There's two purposes of doing this EIR as far as I can tell.
There are the legal requirements, i.e., give notice to everyone. That's why
you throw everything into at least one scenario. At the end of the day, we
have to come together and choose something. We have to have some sort
of data driven, rational reason of why did this and why we did that. I feel
about that the same way. With that, I'll say thank you for all the hard work.

                                                                       Page 58 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
