                           TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PART D SEPARATED FROM THE MOTION FOR THE PURPOSE
OF VOTING “move housing sites from San Antonio Road to California
Avenue and Downtown.” (New Part F)

Council Member Holman: There's some other things that should be added to
this. I think we're going off a little bit sideways here. It's not what Staff
came to us for, which isn't to say we can't change direction. I think we're
confusing things a bit here. If we are going to go down this path, there's
another thing too with "B." I think "B" ought to be divided into two. I think
the micro units is a separate issue than reevaluating the definition of mixed
use. I think it's a separate issue. Also, I think, with the maker and
seconder's approval, I also think reevaluate the definition of mixed use retail
should actually be reevaluate the definition of mixed use to consider
retail/personal service with housing.

Council Member DuBois: That wasn't captured. If you could just capture
what I said, and then we could go from there. Retail and residential.

Council Member Holman: Retail and personal service, right?

Council Member DuBois: No. Retail/personal service and residential.

Council Member Holman: Retail/personal service and residential. Don't you
think it should be a separate category? You're not talking about just
Downtown for mixed use definition, are you?

Council Member DuBois: After "residential," "in select locations," which was
the question Hillary asked.

Mayor Burt: Should it be broken, that second half, into a new "C" and not
lumped with the micro units?

Council Member Holman: It seems it's a different topic.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Let's do that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to separate from the Motion Part B, “to reevaluate
a new mixed-use definition of residential and retail in select locations.”
(New Part C)

Council Member Holman:       Staff has also asked us—hang on just half a
second.

                                                                       Page 106 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
