                          TRANSCRIPT
then allowed CPI to rebuild their shop and load it up with lots of hazardous
materials. Pushing through the Stanford plan on a contaminated site at
1601 California Avenue while ignoring the legitimate concerns of the
neighboring College Terrace folks smacks of repeating this pattern. Mayor
Burt, when we talked about the CPI site, you said you would not want to live
on the other side of the fence from a plating shop. Would you or any other
Council person want to live on top of a plume of TCE? The fact is there's
very significant contamination at this site. The issue is very complex. It's
more complex than what the Stanford consultants say. They rely on models
to tell you that contamination is contained and there is no effect and there is
no concern outside the area and no TCE fumes that leach out of the local
area. The measurements by College Terrace residents say that's not true.
I'd believe that over model extrapolations. Prudence says you should put
the project on pause until further measurements are made that would clarify
the issue. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is John Brookes, to be followed
by Robert Moss.

John Brookes: Good evening all. Thank you for the opportunity to speak
tonight. My name is John Brookes; I am a resident. My wife and I own a
home at 1630 South California Avenue, directly across from ground zero if
you will. I don't have any formal comments prepared tonight, but I would
like to reiterate what my neighbors and friends have said earlier. There
appear to be data that needs to be reviewed prior to any further
development of this property. I noted with interest earlier Vice Mayor
Scharff commented that the Council is data driven and drills down on all
issues. I would ask and we would ask respectfully that you do that with this
particular issue. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Bob Moss to be followed by our final speaker,
Stephanie Munoz.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. As you probably
know, I'm on the Board of the Barron Park Association Foundation, which
was assigned oversight of this area by the EPA in 1989. We were given
several large grants to monitor and keep an eye on what was going on
there. I'm very familiar with the site. This particular project is not ready for
primetime. Stanford has done a really terrible job of evaluating the soil,
groundwater, and looking at what kind of contamination might come into the
residential buildings that are planned for this site. When Staff says that
there's been no change in the contamination level that's allowed, that is
false. Three and a half years ago, EPA came in with a much lower level,
0.48 ppb, in any residential areas because exposure of a pregnant woman in

                                                                          Page 28 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
