                         TRANSCRIPT
Lucile Packard. I don't know what that exact impact is going to be on this
community, but there is no question that this new hospital with its 12
stories, something like that, which is very high, but also means a great deal
more as far as employee traffic going back and forth. We in some way are
going to feel the impact of that unless we respond with a better look at
where housing is going and what kind of housing we have. Am I headed in
the right direction?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. I think all of those issues that you raised are on the
table this evening as questions. To the extent that we can collectively hash
through it, we're doing planning right here. We're deciding what we're going
to analyze and how we're going to tackle this.

Council Member Kniss: I understand what Greg Scharff is saying regarding
how this plays out as a scenario. As you do the performance-based
scenario, you're feeding numbers, I'm going to presume, into some kind of
mechanism that can interpret this for you in such a way that you're going to
get a far clearer picture of what would happen if. We're doing a lot of what-
ifs, correct? Good. Those are my questions for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I'm going to follow on a thread
from Council Member Scharff as well here. Greg, you've stimulated a lot of
discussion here. I want to understand the question that I think Greg asked.
What is the function of what you're asking us to do tonight? Is it—I'll
explain what I mean. Is it to try to do a numerical test exercise of
something or is it to try to get us closer to converging on a scenario? Is it
we want to test and see the impact of performance-based zoning and how
effective that would be and what is the impact of adding a lot more housing
with and without performance-based zoning or is it to try to converge—or
should we be pushing for converging towards a scenario? The reason I ask
this "for example" is I look out here and I see a lot of the folks who sent us
"go big" letters. If we went back three hours to the first discussion, you had
a lot of people going, "Wait a second. There's too much development.
There's too much growth in town. No, we don't need all this stuff." Those
are distinctly different perspectives. I am just going to guess here that if
you asked both groups, they would gravitate toward radically different
scenarios here. What are we trying to do today? Are we trying to flush out
some of the levers or are we trying to reduce the count of scenarios?

Mr. Gitelman: We're not trying to reduce the count of scenarios. As you can
see from the three options that we put on the table for consideration, our
initial instinct was to put on the table things that we thought were different

                                                                       Page 66 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
