                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. CN zoning is the adjacent parcel.

Ms. Gerhardt: On the Sherman Avenue side, behind the property, we have
CC(2). On the Grant Avenue side, we have RM-40.

Council Member Holman: On the Grant side, it's—back here, it's CN?

Ms. Gerhardt: On Grant Avenue, behind the project ...

Council Member Holman: Is RM-40.

Ms. Gerhardt: ... is RM-40. On the Sherman Avenue side, behind the
project is CC(2). There's an x-ray lab behind there. On the other side, on
Grant, there's houses.

Council Member Holman: This is CC(2).

Ms. Gerhardt: Correct.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Council Member Wolbach:          I've a few questions.     First, Planning and
Transportation Commission (PTC) asked us to explore ways to add more
housing to the site. I was left wanting more information from Staff and from
PTC about how we could do that. My question is what would it take to have
more housing? What's standing in the way of more housing units on the
site? Whether that's smaller units, more units, a greater percentage of the
project Floor to Area Ratio (FAR) being used for housing as opposed to other
uses. Is it City policy that's standing in the way? Is it that the market isn't
asking for it or is it just the whim of the applicant? What's the holdup to
have more housing instead of more office?

Mr. Lait: Yes, I guess, is the answer. The CN zoning adjacent to El Camino
limits for mixed-use projects how much housing could be constructed.
That's at a 0.5 FAR. At 0.5 FAR, there's only so much floor area on a
40,000-square-foot lot that you can put. That's the City standard. Applicant
is evaluating—they're doing their pro forma, and they're trying to figure out
what pencils out. They're proposing a unit size of two bedrooms per unit, I
believe.   They're factoring that economics into their feasibility for the
project. They're proposing larger units, which gives them a density of 13
                                                                        Page 23 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
