                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. When we do go forward, do we need to incorporate
any of those aspects that you just described into our action?

Ms. Stump: The Business Association District had voted, their Board voted
to add this language into their report, so it is now a revised report that is
before you. You would close the Public Hearing, adopt the report, and make
the levy. Those things are contained in the recommendation on your Staff
Report for today.

Mayor Burt: We can now close the Public Hearing that was continued from
our last meeting and return to the Council. We can, if Council Members like,
come forward with a Motion at this time or have discussion first. Who would
like to proceed? Vice Mayor Scharff.

Public Hearing continued from June 6, 2016.

Public Hearing closed at 7:33 P.M.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I appreciate all the hard work that I know the City
Attorney and Staff did with the Business Improvement District (BID) in
coming to this. I appreciate the BID incorporating this language into their
report. I think this is a good first step. I'll move the Staff recommendation.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to adopt a Resolution confirming the report of the Advisory Board and
levying an assessment for Fiscal Year 2017 on the Downtown Palo Alto
Business Improvement District.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council Member
DuBois. Would you like to speak more to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll just say that I think we raised a number of
concerns at the last meeting.          Appreciate the discussion and the
incorporation in the Report. I think it's reasonable to take the year to look
at those issues and come back a year from now with some ideas around
those things. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I don't see any more lights. If that's the case, we can vote on
the board. That passes on an 8-0 vote with Council Member Berman not in
the room. That concludes this item. Thank you all.
                                                                        Page 43 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
