                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Modified regulations sounded more gentle than by-
right. On Page 293, I know I asked this last time, and I forgot the response.
We had talked about potentially reducing the Floor to Area Ratio (FAR) in the
California Avenue district—I think it's the fourth one down—from 2.0 to 1.5.
That one has kind of disappeared from the more current tables. I think we
replaced it with a more global item. Allowable commercial densities would
be reduced and replaced with residential densities. We could easily put that
in, in its specific form or more generally. The idea is really that we're going
to achieve the kind of slowing of jobs growth that we see in Scenarios 5 and
6, unless we take some policy steps to moderate that growth.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, the Vice Mayor was just pointing out
to me on Page 293, the fourth bullet in that table appears to refer to what
you were talking about on Cal. Ave.

Council Member DuBois: That's the one I'm talking about.

Mayor Burt: It's still there, right?

Council Member DuBois: This is from a previous meeting. It's not included
in the current (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Got it. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Again, it's specifically around Cal. Ave. I think
that's an interesting program that we should include in one of the scenarios.

Ms. Gitelman: We could definitely carry that level of specificity forward.

Council Member DuBois: The last question I had. We have this—I guess it's
Attachment C. Was that included for us to think about avoiding some of the
mitigations that are called for in certain scenarios?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we wanted you to understand the full scope of the
mitigation that we're going to have to look at as part of the Environmental
Impact Report (EIR) process. As we prepare the supplement and we're
looking at taking up a performance-based approach to Scenarios 5 and 6,
we'll end up making those all a little less specific and down in the weeds.
We're trying to think about them more generally and in more English instead
of "Planner-ese." I think it's valuable for you to understand that we—for
everyone to sort of gather that in the course of the EIR, we're going to have
to look at mitigation in all of these different topics and address the impacts
that are identified there.



                                                                         Page 25 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
