                         TRANSCRIPT
Becky Sanders: Good evening. I live in Ventura which I can just feel the
pave-over happening there. We have monthly meetings of our association.
Most of the people that attend do own homes, but we do have some renters
that live in Ventura, that come to the meetings. Shout out to Steve, who's
wonderful. I really understand and hear and empathize with the desire of
people to live here in this beautiful City. I get it. Everything I've heard
here, I mean, it's all good.       However, the preservation of residential
neighborhoods is the first goal listed as a high-level goal on Page 4;
however, most of the underlying recommendations strip that goal of any
basis in reality and reduce it to mere lip service, I think. Remember that the
City is made up of citizens, not corporations. Corporations are not people.
Let's remember whom Council is here to serve, and it is the people who vote
and live here. To say that at the very least the aggregate long-term impact
on residents of all these developments that are in the pipeline have really
not adequately been considered. As someone pointed out earlier, the
jobs/housing imbalance didn't happen overnight. Rushing to build more
housing is really not going to solve this problem. We have Fry's; we've got
the Footlocker; we've got—what is that? The multi combination of residents
that have been bought at the corner of Ash Street and Page Mill Road. Then
we've got Palo Alto Square. I don't know what's going to happen. It's really
scary. In Ventura, we're kind of the last affordable neighborhood in Palo
Alto. I'm very concerned that the developers are just eyeing us, all those
eyesore properties on El Camino Real in Ventura. I just recommend that
you think about neighborhood quality of life before you approve all the
wrecking balls. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Suzanne Keehn to be followed by A.C. Johnston.
Welcome.

Suzanne Keehn: Hello. I would just second everything Becky said. The
other thing I would add is that when we talk about sustainability, we just
don't have supplies of everything for all these people. This is a problem in
the whole Bay Area. Look at San Francisco now. Where's all this water
coming from? Sure, we've had a little rain now, but we are not anywhere
near making up the deficit. This is what bothers me. I think about America,
but here we are in this very wealthy, well-to-do, educated people, and yet
we don't look at the long-term overall. This housing imbalance happened
way a long time ago. Like you were saying, it has gone back many, many
years. Why didn't we look at it then? We've let developers really have their
way. I think residents are not listened to the way they should. I definitely
think that we have to be a lot more connected to this planet if we're going to
have one to live on. Thank you.



                                                                       Page 65 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
