                          TRANSCRIPT
we don't include our digital library services as part of this definition, as far
as I can tell. Did I get that right?

Mr. Reichental: We do. (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: I just didn't see it as part of the report. I know it's not
predominantly initiated by your Staff. Your Staff may very well be providing
support for those efforts.

Mr. Reichental: We provide support to the Library, yes.

Mayor Burt: I wonder whether that's actually the largest digital service that
we provide in the City. I don't know the data. I would certainly encourage
to continue to include that. It was pointed out to me just recently some
services that I've not been taking advantage of coming out of the Library
now and their digital services. Second, in response to the question about
whether any other cities are doing things that we aren't doing, you said not
ones that we either haven't done or are not presently pursuing. Can you
briefly recap some of the next things that you're working on? The report
had talked about expanding Open City Hall and the Scoop app. that just got
launched. Are there other things that we should be aware of that are on the
horizon?

Mr. Reichental: I think two that are interesting and important. One would
be the mobile support for any of our new enterprise resource system work
that we do. We talked about time and expenses being highly desirable here
at the City. We can imagine for a new Human Resources (HR) system and a
new Utilities system that there's going to be a lot more—we'd expect it to be
a lot more mobile capability. We know our Utilities users, which is the whole
community, would like to be able to interact easily with paying their bills and
seeing the status of their bills and entering credit card information, all
through mobile devices. It'll be a whole suite, I think, of mobile solutions
around the ERP work. The other area that we're seeing a lot of interest in
and progress around is apps. that support different modalities of
transportation. Our Chief Sustainability Officer, Gil Friend, has spoken about
mobility as a service concept that originates in Helsinki. Now we're starting
to see a lot of adoption here in the United States of an app. that will give
you a multitude of options for getting from "A" to "B" with pricing and all the
tradeoffs. Our Planning Department has that as a priority to pursue mobility
as a service as an app., and then potentially other transportation-related
app. solutions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before we leave this item, we have one public
speaker, Robert Neff. Welcome.

                                                                         Page 20 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
