                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and deal with these recommendations and then
separately with follow-up actions.

Council Member Holman: I have two amendments to ...

Mayor Burt: Go ahead and offer them.

Council Member Holman: ... the existing Motion. The two amendments are
to ask the City Staff to add in the Guidelines the list of incentives or a
reference to the incentives for historic preservation that are in the City Code,
and that there be a reference to the State Historic Building Code added to
the Guidelines as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    I actually didn't catch what you said in terms of the
second one.

Council Member Holman: Didn't catch what? I'm sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I heard to add the incentives to the Guidelines,
incentives in the City Code. I missed the ...

Council Member Holman: Add the reference to the incentives that exist in
the City Code and also to add reference to the State Historic Building Code.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What was the second part?

Mayor Burt: Add reference to the State Historic Building Code.

Council Member Holman: They're two different things. There are links that
can be provided.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'm not familiar. Maybe Staff could just tell us
what this does. If the incentives are already in our Code, what does adding
to the Guidelines achieve? In reference to the State of California Building
Code, doesn't everyone have to follow the Building Code? I'm ignorant on
what you're trying to achieve.

Council Member Holman: No, you don't have to satisfy the State Historic
Building Code. People who are going to be using this—as my understanding
again as the liaison to the HRB too, this is going to be given to property
owners, architects and used by them to know how to develop their project,
how to develop their program for their building. I cannot assume nor, I
think, can anybody in this room assume that those individuals are going to
be familiar with the State Historic Building Code or certainly with the
incentives that exist in the City of Palo Alto's Code. It points them in those
directions.
                                                                         Page 68 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
