                           TRANSCRIPT
units. I think a project could be designed to be better. I guess in general
about planning projects such as this, there are locations where three stories
can be accommodated and be in better transition and be appropriate. There
are places where it isn't. I think this is a situation where it really isn't. With
all due respect and respectful of all the effort that's gone into this, I think it's
just a site that has its challenges. The more one understands those upfront,
the less time and effort is put into it by both the applicant and the City
review boards and Council. I think that covers my comments. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Mine will not be as detailed as Karen's was. I have a
very different reason for seconding this and voting no. For some of you who
are still here who live on Middlefield north of University, just nod your head
if you do. That's a group that I've been working with very closely for many,
many months now. Tom did meet once with that group. It literally is what I
would call the Middlefield gate problem that we have in this community.
Between University and Willow, both in the morning and after about 3:00 in
the afternoon, the traffic is absolutely untenable. It really stuns me. If we
have an enormous project going on Lytton, and this will take quite some
time. There's no way to shorten those. That is going to exacerbate that
traffic in that area even more. I now have spent a lot of time out there with
Staff. I've been watching what's going on. There are a number of scofflaws
that are cutting through. People really like to cut through Hawthorne and
Everett. Primarily, if you want to go safely, you've got to go on Lytton.
That's the only place that there's a light, either morning or night. For that
reason in particular, I find that this is alarming. Until we can solve that kind
of problem, to add more construction, to add more trucks onto that street,
at some point it will be closed, and you'll have to detour around it. Many of
us have been doing that on many streets lately, I think, to good advantage.
It has really, really troubled me that we have not resolved that. To begin a
project now on Lytton where Lytton is the cross street for—I am only
guessing, but I think it's the cross street for almost anyone who is coming
off of 101, who is probably headed for Stanford, who may be headed for
Sand Hill. I don't know exactly where they're going. A huge number of
people use that as the cut through. Ed and I actually went out and spent
some time there. I can guarantee you that as people go to cross Middlefield
or turn on Middlefield, two out of every three just break the law. Even
though I know the police know about it and I wish they would spend more
time there, that does exist. We haven't solved that problem. Until we solve
this traffic problem, that even though not everything in our report tonight
indicates that that is the case, anecdotally with my own eyes I have been
watching it for quite some time. As I said, quite different reasons from

                                                                             Page 49 of 90
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 8/15/16
