                          TRANSCRIPT
scenario.    I actually think we're going to need and converge to two
scenarios, a suburb one and another one that's—call it what you want. I
think the elements that go into the 21st century suburb scenario are
Scenario 2 housing growth, Scenario 2 jobs growth possibly minus 10
percent, most of the traffic and sustainability measures from Scenario 4, and
to direct Staff to investigate options for prioritizing new housing towards low
and middle-income residents especially those employed by the City and the
School District. Finally, let me make a comment on performance-based
zoning on traffic and sustainability measures. I think I said most of them,
but not all. PBZ seems pretty radical. I think we ought to see it work before
we standardize it and put it in the Comp Plan. I think we should consider
trying a couple of things. I think we should see it actually work and not just
computer models before we actually write it into our Zoning Codes. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Eric, you're usually not a hard act to follow, so I
congratulate you. Tonight you are. You did your homework, and that was
almost a keynote. Let me make a couple of comments, in particular, that
deal with—they'll kind of go down in that same line even though I may come
out some place different. If any of you went to the Eichler presentation on
Sunday—did you? I know Karen did. It was fascinating. What's the last
time you saw big pieces of land spread out before you and houses just
springing up on them? They were absolutely meant for the middle class,
were meant for all the guys—they were mostly guys who moved out here to
work for the electronics companies. They were the HPs, they were the
Varians, they were so forth. A lot of them are still living here. A lot of them
we saw here a couple of weeks ago when we did the overlay. It was
absolutely intriguing, but I was so taken by that presentation of thinking,
"There is land spread before you, just to take it and develop it." They
discussed just one of the things that we've talked about tonight. They
talked initially about 1,200 square-foot-houses; that went up to 15. Then by
the end of the '60s, going into the '70s, they began to talk about homes
then that were over 2,000 square feet, that were luxurious. When they got
luxurious, they went up into Los Altos Hills. It was really fascinating to see
it. What that says to me tonight—I think, Eric, you've also dealt with some
of this—is we can't create more land. There is no way that we can do that;
we've got the land we've got. There's a famous saying, buy land; they're
not making any more of it. They're not. The only way that I can see that
we come through this includes a couple of things that actually John Kelley
did say tonight. How do you get more land? That's really what we're talking
about. You have to either change the zoning; you change the height limit;
you change the FAR. You change something that is so dramatic that that is
                                                                        Page 88 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
