                           TRANSCRIPT
remember them, if they were there. I think two or three of the hair salons
have been there as long as I can remember. I wouldn't try, as I mentioned
earlier, to do as much curation as this. I think it's difficult.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I have mixed feelings about this. I'm
actually fairly inclined to support the Motion, but coming at it from a slightly
different perspective. As I started mentioning earlier, it was before we got
into real comments. I actually do think that a lot of these uses do add to the
vitality. I disagree that they're bad for the vitality and the vibrancy of the
Downtown. I do agree that they're only good if they don't dominate
everything else. Again, it has to do with having that right mix. The question
is how do we—I do think whether it's a yoga studio or a regular gym or a
martial arts studio or a spa or any of these things that people will come to
the area; they'll go to that; they'll leave that; and they'll say, "I've been
there for a couple of hours. I'm hungry. I'm going to go grab a bite to eat,
spend some money somewhere else." I think there's a real compatibility
where these kinds of businesses, these services support the larger
environment. I do think that on University Avenue itself, limiting the total
number does make sense. It's really the question of how we strike that
right balance. In concept, I'm okay with this. I think having Staff return
with something that's not draconian but provides some guidance—I think
that's reasonable.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I too think the mix of what we've got on University
Avenue is pretty good right now. I think it's in a very good place right now.
I would hate to see barbershops go away and so forth. I can't imagine
saying I'd rather have a restaurant where the Cardinal barbershop is.

Mayor Burt: Just to clarify. This is not prohibitions; this is limits.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. I think the mix is a good place. I
think in general we ought to have as little regulation as possible but not less,
if that makes sense. I think the main problem we're talking about solving is
this one of—I think Staff captured it admirably in the rental increases over a
year. You're not going to get retail and personal services when people can
get $12 for office space. We're effectively addressing that one. The limits
on other kind of stuff, I guess I'm with Council Member Kniss. I think we
should try to resist micro-engineering this at this point. Doesn't seem like a
huge problem right now. If it becomes one, we'll probably have time to do
it. My inclination is sort of not to support the amendment. If things get

                                                                          Page 86 of 111
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/17/16
