                          TRANSCRIPT
ways as problematic as ambiguity over whether all the guidelines must be
met, but it's the flip side. It's telling an applicant that we may require more
of you than what's in the criteria. I think that's problematic. We've talked a
lot about trying to provide a lot of clarity. When we look at the Staff Report,
that was one of their main ambitions, to provide applicants a better
understanding of how projects will be evaluated. When you throw in "at a
minimum" on everything, I think it actually moves away from that objective.

Council Member Holman: If I might. There are "ands" put in a number of
these locations, so I'd be okay with "as found that each of the following
findings is met" and take out "at a minimum." I'd be amenable to that if the
cosigner would be.

Mayor Burt: The seconder? Great.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the first paragraph of the Motion,
“at a minimum” after “unless it is found.”

Ms. Silver: Excuse me, Mayor Burt.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Ms. Silver: I think that we would recommend that you insert "applicable
finding." The way these findings are structured, there still is some latitude
where there are some findings that will not be applicable to each project. It
would read "unless it is found that each of the following applicable findings is
met."

Council Member Holman: I'm good with that.

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the first paragraph of the Motion,
“applicable” after “each of the following.”

Mayor Burt:    The maker and the seconder have accepted that Staff-
recommended change.         The SOFA standards, are they standards or
guidelines? I was trying to recall. Standards.

Council Member Holman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Amy, when we do have as standards, are they worded that
these are all things that must be met? Is that the way those are framed?

                                                                          Page 32 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
