                          TRANSCRIPT
to be more convenient. I think this is good, but again this is such raw data
that unless we contextualize it and put it into what else is happening in our
community at the same time, especially jobs. I can remember people
desperate for jobs in 2010 and 2011. That really alters how you would see
this type of information. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thanks, and thank you for doing this. It is a lot of
information, and it's very helpful to have especially in light of doing our work
plan for the year and setting our Priorities. I had a couple of questions. One
kind of goes along with what Council Member Kniss was saying regarding
safety. It's in the report, but on Slide 22 it's pretty clear. It talks about
emergency calls increasing 58 percent and urgent calls increase 62 percent.
I didn't notice a way to tell if those are daytime or nighttime or if they're
differentiated.

Ms. Richardson: I don't have that broken down that way. My guess is that
the Police Department has that information. We don't have it that way for
the Performance Report.

Council Member Holman: If we could do that, I think that would be really
helpful information to incorporate, because daytime emergency calls tend to
be a lot higher. It might be one indicator of how our jobs growth is actually
how it's growing. I don't know if there is refined enough data to know like
per 100 daytime employees you tend to get X number of calls. I don't know.
It could be one way to companion that information with our Business
Registry to see what our daytime population actually is.

Ms. Richardson: I was talking to Chief Nickel this morning about Fire. He
knows that his highest time for fire calls is during the day, in the afternoon.
My guess is Police is also tracking time of the calls.

Council Member Holman: We know that it's higher. It's just how much
higher and what the numbers are would be really helpful and informative for
us. On library, it was interesting that we do have these two libraries that
have come online in the last about 18 months or so, but library volunteer
hours have gone down significantly. If there's any information about that.
Also I think I'll just point out. If you have any comments, I'd welcome
those. Area 4—it's identified in the report what Area 4 is—on pretty much
every area except for as a place to work, the numbers are either lower or
significantly lower than other parts of town. If you have any comments
about that, I would welcome those as well. The two points there.


                                                                          Page 14 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
