                          TRANSCRIPT
construction plans for neighborhood traffic safety projects planned to reduce
speeds of traffic and improve safety and connectivity for people biking and
walking in Palo Alto. The bike boulevard projects typically include special
signing and pavement markings as well as traffic calming measures to
discourage non-local traffic and to lower speeds. More information is on the
homepage of the City's website. The sixth annual Holiday Tree Lighting
event will be held this Friday, December 2nd, from 5:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M. at
Lytton Plaza in Downtown. The event will feature performances by Terman
Middle School, Key School and the Children's Theatre Choir. Face painting,
crafts, cookies, beverages will be available during the event. Everyone is
invited to join in this free festivity. A special thank you goes out to the
Stanford Federal Credit Union and, of course, our Palo Alto Parks and
Recreation Foundation for being major sponsors of this event. Lastly, we got
some really nice coverage on National Public Radio (NPR) a week or two ago
related to our efforts to preserve the arts in the costly environment of the
Bay Area in particular, reporting on our program at Cubberley. I did want to
share that our Cubberley Artist Studio program, which represents a thriving
community of artists based at the Palo Alto Cubberley Community Center,
will host a 16th annual Winter 2016 Artist Open Studios on December 3rd,
which would be Saturday, from 11:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Visitors are invited
to this free event to tour the studios located in the E, F and U wings at the
northern end of the facility and to see new works, get a glimpse into an
artist's active workspace. In addition, art work will be on sale directly by
individual artists, and light refreshments will be served. That's all I have to
report. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto Oral Communications. I have five
speaker cards. If anyone else wishes to speak, please bring a card forward
at this time. Each speaker will have up to three minutes to speak. Our first
speaker is Sarah Almond Pike, to be followed by Helen Young. Welcome.

Sarah Almond Pike: Thank you. Good evening, Mr. Mayor and Council. My
name is Sarah Almond Pike. I am a proud Palo Alto resident for the last few
years, and I'm also a Board Member on our local United Nations Association
chapter. You might know us from our street on Emerson or the film festival
in October. I'm here in that capacity, but also as a member of a new
coalition being sponsored by the UNA, which is the Cities for CEDAW
Coalition. That has grown out of a national Cities for CEDAW campaign.
We're sponsoring it here in Palo Alto. What is CEDAW? CEDAW stands for
the Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Discrimination Against

                                                                         Page 2 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
