                          TRANSCRIPT
Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you, Mayor Burt, City Council Members. I wanted
to thank you and Staff for including the nature and looking at sustainability
from a broad spectrum and not only at the human aspect of sustainability. I
really appreciate that. That's nice to see. It's very different than what we
usually see. It's very, very impressive. I do want to also chime in on the
water issue. I think we do need to look at groundwater and we do need to
look at sea level rise. I'm not sure if it's coming out as much as I would like
to see. That's my personal opinion. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Sandra Slater.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, can I ask a procedural question? I
thought the first speaker had spoken for a group of people including Sandy
Slater.

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Just a second. The first speaker was intended to speak
for five people and mistakenly a card was placed for a sixth person.

Sandra Slater:     Thank you, Council Members, for your service to our
community and the opportunity to address you this evening. My name is
Sandra Slater, and I'm a 29-year resident of Palo Alto. I have to say not 29
years old, because that's obviously not true. While I'm a member of the
S/CAP Advisory Committee, I come before you tonight as an individual to
lend my support to the S/CAP framework. While all these considerations and
concerns that have just been expressed here this evening are really valid
and need to get more granular as things go forward, I'm really here to talk
on a much bigger, broader—from a different perspective. Much has been
done in the past two years in identifying the issues and defining the
framework for how we go forward. Understanding where we are and where
we'd like to be in the year 2030 is a daunting task. It's a systemic issue
requiring systemic solutions. That we must wean ourselves from fossil fuels
is not really up for discussion except among groups that have a vested
interest in maintaining the status quo. We need to act quickly if we're going
to turn this ship around and get back on track towards a greener and more
sustainable future for our children and our grandchildren. The legacy you
leave will have an impact greater than almost anything else you decide on
Council. In order for Palo Alto to really make a difference in our City, our
State and the world, we need to have a BHAG, a big, hairy and audacious
goal. This will be our vision on how we want to go forward. The issue is
getting more and more crucial every day, especially as we may not have
credible partners in Washington to help us. What you have before you is a
framework, which can be the touchstone for guiding good policies and
programs into the future. It's not possible to predict every program at the
moment, as technologies and the political landscape might change. As the

                                                                       Page 32 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
