                          TRANSCRIPT
here. For the first time, the Energy Reach Code is allowing you to use PV to
offset your efficiency requirements. That's why you see this dashed line
here. Essentially you could be 20 percent less efficient than the State allows
you to be if you slap 20 percent more Photovoltaic (PV) on your rooftop.
That way you can achieve their base Code using PV to offset some efficiency.
We took that same model and progressed it and used it for two pathways
that you can comply if you're building a new home in Palo Alto. The path
would be if you're not installing any PV, the Reach Code requires that you
are 10 percent more efficient than Title 24. If you are installing PV on your
home, then you have to meet Code minimum, but you have to install 20
percent of that load on your rooftop using PV. There's two pathways to
comply. For multifamily, the same notion except the State only gives you 12
percent credit in the use of PV towards complying towards the base
minimum Code. Palo Alto's proposal is the same notion except you would
have to exceed the Minimum Code by 10 percent if you don't use PV, and
exceed the Code by 12 percent if you do put on PV. Very easy to follow; we
simplified it thanks to the work that we did with the community.
Commercial, the only distinction here is that the Title 24 Code does not allow
you to use PV as a credit. That's the only distinction. To comply, you just
meet the minimum Code. Doesn't matter if you use PV. In an effort to
encourage renewables on commercial buildings, we gave two pathways. The
first path is if you exceed Title 24 by 10 percent, you could meet the Reach
Code or you can reach the Reach Code by putting a minimum five kilowatt
(kW) system on your rooftop. Why five kW? It's an arbitrary number, very
small. We wanted them to do their math to decide what is the right-sized
system for their buildings, whether it's a 5,000, 30,000 or 100,000-square-
foot commercial building. Rather than get into complicated equations, we
said put in a five kW which is a placeholder for them to do their pro forma
and decide what size system they like. We got full buy-in from our technical
advisory and our stakeholders committees on this. Here's some examples of
how you would achieve a Reach Code compliant building in January. You
would get a Home Energy Rating System (HERS) rater which is a type of
specialty inspector to ensure that your insulation is installed properly and
that the Freon in your HVAC system is topped off. Simple, easy to do, very
cost effective. You would wrap your hot water lines with insulation. Simple,
doable, affordable and they're cost recoverable. This is a simple way to
achieve compliance with our Reach Code. Same idea in a multifamily
setting, except it's multiple floors. For commercial, three simple things that
you'd have to do if you're a commercial developer. Install daylight dimming
and on/off lighting controls to reduce your load on your light schedule.
Install a cool roof which is basically a white roof to reflect sunlight. Install
an economizer which because if the cool air outside is cooler than the inside
of the building, it swaps that air to cool the building rather than turn on your
HVAC system. Simple. With that, last year, if you remember, we had a
                                                                         Page 89 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
