                          TRANSCRIPT
to guide us on a trajectory to 2030. These are high level, within which we'll
have specific operating plans that will necessarily change over the years.
That's what we'll come back to you with in Q1 and Q2 of 2017 to dive into
the detail on those. As we've approached this, we've considered that the
success factors for making this work are to have strong directional goals.
We have those now. To have clear principles and criteria to guide Staff in
the development of the implementation plans. We need to build flexible
platforms so that we not only fulfill our plans but build the capacity of the
City and its organizations and the community to respond effectively to the
next phase and the phase following that, expecting that circumstances in the
world politically will change, technologies will change, cost effectiveness will
change. We'll need to learn as we go, so we want to build the capacity in
our organization to do that. Fundamentally important is to have timely and
transparent performance tracking so that Staff and Council and community
can know where we are and how we're progressing and how we can do
better on those. With that overview, let me just summarize the decision
criteria, how we will know and decide if we're on track. You can see here
greenhouse gas impact is top of the list, but it's by no means the only thing
that's important to this community. We've suggested seven other decision
factors that should guide our choices and decisions as we move forward with
this Plan. We're suggesting a series of guiding principles that provide the
context or the wrapper for the work that Staff does, knowing that a lot of
details will shift, but directionally we want to know where we're going. We
want to consider sustainability in its broadest dimensions, including quality
of life and other factors. We need to address the sustainability issues that
are most important to this community, select the most cost-effective ways of
pursuing them, but recognizing also that there are moral and political
choices to be made as well, not just economic choices. We fundamentally
want to improve the quality of life in this community and not see this as a
sacrifice but as an enhancement of the way that we live.               Foster a
prosperous and robust and inclusive economy that builds our resilience
throughout the community. We need to include diverse perspectives from
all stakeholders in building and carrying out this Plan. Last but not least is
to recognize Palo Alto's traditional role as a leader and use that to build
linkages and influence with regional and national and global community and
partners that are working in their own regions on these common concerns.
We suggest in the Plan as far as design principles to guide us on how we
proceed on these many complex choices, that we focus on what's feasible
right now but do that with a full recognition that technology and costs are
shifting very rapidly in many of the domains, that we're concerned about
that, so be open to that. We need to prioritize the actions that are in our
control. In the framework document, there's a set of concentric circles that
show the things we have direct control over, partial control over and indirect
control over, so we want to use that as a prioritization tool. We'll address in
                                                                        Page 19 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
