                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff:    For instance, when I look at Webster is a bike
boulevard on the map, that's not something we've talked about doing other
than we have it in the concept plan, but we're not moving forward on that
yet. Right?

Mr. Mello: No. I think Webster is a great candidate for the next phase
based on the feedback we got on the Middlefield Road corridor back in
January. I certainly think Webster may be a candidate for the second phase
of projects.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's a bunch of these roads that go—I always get
confused if we're going north-south or east-west.            The east-west
connections, I'm think of like Kingsley and Everett and those kind of things.
We've talked about doing those as well. Where are we on all of that?

Mr. Mello: There's several other corridors in Midtown, Loma Verde Avenue
and East Meadow Drive, that we're currently advancing concept plans for.
That's separate from the package of bike boulevards that we've been
advancing. We're doing those as part of the Midtown connector project. We
haven't talked about Addison or Everett yet. We're certainly willing to talk
about beginning the planning process for those as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The big difference between—maybe you could just walk
me through it. We have bicycle boulevards, which I understand what we're
doing. Like California Avenue we put down, I think that's a Class 2 bicycle
lane. What does that mean, a Class 2 bicycle lane?

Mr. Mello: A Class 2 bicycle lane is a dedicated lane for bicycles. It's
typically four to six feet wide. California Avenue, in particular, is going to be
resurfaced in the coming year. We're upgrading those to standard bike
lanes. They don't meet current standards today. After the resurfacing
project is complete, they'll be standard bike lanes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's helpful. If we could just go back to the project—
where we had the raised tables and all that kind of stuff. That one. When
would you choose, for instance, to use speed humps versus curb extensions
versus the rated intersection versus the chicanes? Why would you choose
one over the other? What's the thought behind that?

Mr. Mello: First, when we collected our data on speeds, we identified
segments that had an existing speeding issue. In those areas, we looked at
regularly spacing traffic calming devices every couple hundred feet. We
didn't want to provide people with the ability to accelerate between traffic
calming devices. We want to maintain that moderate, consistent speed. We
also tried to vary between vertical deflection, which is a speed hump, and
                                                                         Page 29 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
