                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Mr. Mayor, am I indeed correct that it will take all of
us sitting at the dais tonight to pass an emergency Ordinance?

Ms. Stump: Yes, that's correct.

Mayor Burt: Correct. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure I'm clear about some
timeline stuff. If Prop 64 passes and we have approved a regular Ordinance,
there will be a month gap between the passage of Prop 64 and the earliest
effective date of our regular Ordinance. Correct?

Ms. Stump: Yes, that's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: During that period, people could begin planting
marijuana in backyards, front yards, next to schools, potentially community
gardens, etc. Correct?

Ms. Stump: I'd have to check. I think there are some school regulations in
the State law that may apply. Certainly backyards, front yards, community
gardens, that conduct would be legal starting on the 9th of November.

Council Member Wolbach: If we pass the emergency Ordinance, there would
be no gap in effectiveness. Correct?

Ms. Stump: That's correct. The emergency Ordinance would actually put in
place a ban immediately on outdoor cultivation. It's not otherwise legal
anyway yet, so you would actually get ahead of the—then if the statewide
voters authorized it, it would still not be legal in Palo Alto.

Council Member Wolbach: Remind me what's the duration of an emergency
Ordinance. When would it automatically expire?

Ms. Stump: This type of emergency Ordinance does not have an expiration.
What you're recalling, Council Member Wolbach, is in the planning context
when you put in place a moratorium on activity pending study of a Zoning
Ordinance, it takes effect for 45 days, and then you have the ability to
extend it once for up to two years. This is not a planning—it's a police
powers regulatory Ordinance. Ultimately, if you're looking at regulating in
this area, businesses and different types of conduct, you might want to do it
in the Zoning Code. That might emerge as a better practice, and that
requires some other procedural steps, going through the Planning
Commission, etc. This one does not expire.



                                                                      Page 78 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
