                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Ten before 9.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that. Basically to go back to the original
order.

Vice Mayor Scharff. Correct.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to hear Agenda Item Number 9- Review and Direction Regarding
Interpretation of Planned Community (PC) Ordinances… at this time.

Mayor Burt: I see no more—did you want to speak further to it?

Council Member Dubois: I'll just say I did speak to a few members of the
restaurant association that are here. They did say that they had more
people that were expecting it to happen at 9:00 P.M.. I think you're right.
This is a big issue. We should allow people to come.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to speak to it too.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I also thought the same thing. I also noticed that we
really just have members of the restaurant association. At Policy and
Services there were a number of people from the public. I think it's
important that they get to speak as well.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Holman. I mean Council Member Holman. Sorry.

Council Member Holman:       Just a quick question, just to make sure that
we're ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: Just a quick question to make sure we're playing
by the rules here. I can't remember if Vice Mayor Scharff voted in favor of
the Motion last time, because it has to be a prevailing member who makes
the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Yes. Of course he did.

Council Member Holman: That's all I need to know. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'll just say I'm glad we are reconsidering this. I think it was ill
advised the first round and bad precedent. We should be flexible on our
agenda changes when they do not impact public participation in a significant

                                                                         Page 36 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
