                          TRANSCRIPT
Rita Vrhel: I wanted tonight to support the previous speakers on the
Edgewood Plaza situation. Sand Hill Properties, as we know, not only tore
down what they were supposed to be preserving but also hauled it away. By
the end of the day, nothing was left. It has been a long time since there's
been a grocery store there. During the meantime, the other businesses are
supporting that which the grocery store was supposed to be contributing to.
I sometimes wonder when some of the other businesses might be leaving
and what is the financial cost to them. They entered an agreement with the
City and with its residents, and they were provided adequate if not generous
financial incentives to build a new area. Through unfortunate events the
Fresh Market left. While that is not their responsibility that this happened, it
is their responsibility to find a new grocery store. I agree with the previous
speakers that every time something comes up for Sand Hill, suddenly there
is communication between Sand Hill and the City Manager or someone else
that promises us a grocery store. I think either increasing the fines or
saying to Sand Hill, "We can't trust you. If you cannot make good on a
grocery store in a timely fashion, then we need not to give you the permit
for the Page Mill property which we already know has considerable problems
or potential problems regarding parking and traffic flow." I think as a City
Council you have a lot of power. I think it would be good to not only use
that power to set an example that when a developer promises the City they
are going to do something, they are going to do it. Otherwise, I think you
will have additional problems with either this developer or other developers.
Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sea Reddy to be followed by our final speaker, Bob
Moss.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mayor and the Council Members as well as the
citizens of Palo Alto. I want to bring up a subject that's very, very sad. You
already read about, I think most of you. There was a gentleman that went
to Las Vegas from Palo Alto, Mr. Gandler [phonetic]. He drove to a fitness
club in the parking lot. He was taking a nap. Somebody pulls over and kills
him. It's in the newspaper today. My condolences to the family and friends.
These are things that are just astonishing how this can happen to a nice
person in the way that it happened. That's all I wanted to bring up. We
have to think through how this whole thing about owning guns—we're from
wild west and we need to have guns. I'm not asking for anything different,
but I think we could have similar to an Amber law, a Gander law, that
requires owners of these guns to register and ensure that they are
financially accountable. We need to do out of the box thinking. We like our
rights. We like our way of living. We need to make people accountable how
these people get guns and how indiscriminately they kill people. Thank you.

                                                                          Page 13 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
