                          TRANSCRIPT
Rita Vrhel: Hello. I don't live on the creek, and I'm not a bicyclist. I've
been here for a couple of meetings when this project has been discussed.
I'd have to agree with the last speaker, that it seems like somebody is really
trying to get $1.5 million free dollars which, from the proposal listed tonight,
is going to cost you $22 million to get the $1.5 free million. These aren't
free dollars, because we all pay for them as taxpayers. Also, I live near a
church, and I know that the activities at the church are supposed to end at
10:00 P.M.. Sometimes they don't. The parking lot is quite wide, so noise
can occur any place on the four acres of the church. The police, when I call,
tell me that they have to be present when the noise is occurring. If they get
there five minutes after the noise has occurred, nothing can happen. This
means that if I want the noise to stop, somehow I have to be magical and
call in immediately. It's almost like the gasoline lawn blowers. The police
have to be there when it's occurring. I can see that this would be a problem
to residents. The church was kind enough to build a fence for me and my
neighbors who protested the building of the school. This fence cost over
$10,000. It was an 8-foot redwood fence; it's beautiful. I don't know that
the cost of these fences were included in the proposal. Also, ivy and
vegetation die, and they're not a very good screen. The other thing is, that
a citizen brought up, that fences on parks butt up against residential
property. A park is a very large expanse. I looked at this creek the other
day when I was driving somewhere else. It's a very narrow piece of
concrete. All the noise is going to be condensed into those 11 or 12 feet.
It's not going to be like a park. I urge you also to give up the $1.5 million,
look at the streets that are nearby this Matadero Creek, and use them
effectively. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments, so we'll now
return to the Council for discussion. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:        I'll keep an open mind and listen to my
colleagues. Where I am right now, I'm tempted to say let's scratch the
creek as an alternative. I understand the arguments in favor, but I think
that the—my current thinking is that the benefits of a creek trail on this
creek are just outweighed by the downsides. I appreciate lots of Staff work
to explore this, and I appreciate the work by the Planning and
Transportation Commission (PTC) and those in the community who have
supported it. The last time this came to us, we almost killed it, but we
weren't ready to kill it yet. I was one of those who said let's really make
sure before we rule this out that we've really tried to make it work. I think
we've tried as hard as we can, and it just doesn't seem to make sense.
That's kind of where I'm starting from. Again, I'll hear my colleagues out if
they have arguments that can convince me otherwise.
                                                                         Page 41 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
