                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Once again, we're nearing 11:00 P.M.. We're
looking at something that really has repercussions. I'm looking out at Susan
in particular. I know I also heard from Nancy Huber. This is really an
important piece of decision-making that we're working on tonight. To
suddenly just take three minutes on each one, I just don't think it does it
any justice whatsoever. I would hope that the kinds of things that have
been articulated by the Mayor, where the Staff has some time to spend on
this other than literally the first time we've seen it. It really deserves more
than we're doing tonight.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'll probably end up supporting the Motion. I
think we're going down the wrong path on this. I think really what we
should do is pass the Guidelines as originally proposed and then tell Council
to come back—then come back to Council for any revisions to the Guidelines
as is. I think the current Guidelines are better than nothing. I think it could
take a while to get back to Council. This way we get our $37,000 back. I
will propose a substitute Motion that we approve the Guidelines as originally
drafted by Staff, and this item then comes back to us for revisions at a date
uncertain.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to adopt a Resolution adopting the Professorville Historic
District Design Guidelines as included in the Staff Report and direct Staff to
return with suggested revisions at a future date.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak further to that Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. I think we run the risk of the Council—I've seen
us do this before where we put something off. As Mayor Burt said and I set
in those meetings as well, this isn't going to come back to us before the end
of the year. We need to move some of this stuff off of our plate. We
shouldn't make the perfect the enemy of the good, to use a cliché. The
Guidelines are not perfect; they could be improved. There's a lot of stuff we
could talk about and argue, but the current ones are better than not having
the Guidelines. I think we should go ahead, approve those, and then come
back and look at this at a future date.

Mayor Burt: I think that's what we heard at your preceding.               Council
Member Wolbach.


                                                                        Page 78 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
