                         TRANSCRIPT
Now she will never come over. This parking problem has made us even
more isolated from our neighbors, our friends and our community. Most
importantly, this is a safety issue. I've seen and heard stories of people's
cars getting hit by daytime parkers who speed off and have no relationship
or regard for the people who live here. Cars troll up and down the streets in
our neighborhood looking for parking. I almost got run over by a car last
Thursday morning as I was walking to my yoga class, because there was a
man speeding through a stop sign on College Avenue towards El Camino.
People walking and biking through the neighborhood are at risk, which
scares me to death when I think my kids riding their bikes to school. The
City Council needs to have a sense of urgency around this. If anyone gets
hurt, that is on you. How bad does the situation need to get before you take
action? I am at my wit's end. I don't really expect my little poster to
change the world or anything, but I don't know what else to do to get you to
take action. As residents, my family pays almost $100,000 a year in
property taxes for the three houses we collectively own in Evergreen Park
and Southgate, and we still can't park in front of our own houses. That just
seems wrong, an egregious lack of oversight and service by the City Council
who was elected by these same residents to act in our interests. We need a
timeline with milestones and a deadline to annex Evergreen Park
neighborhood into the College Terrace RPP now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: One thing I'd like to let members of the public know is that we
encourage the public to neither boo nor clap because there may be people
who are intimidated in being able to speak out if they're strong expressions
like that. Our next speaker is Neilson Buchanan. Each speaker will have up
to—I'm sorry? Can I have the list here? Our next is Christine Shambora to
speak for five people, Cathy McGinn [phonetic], Peter Shambora, Nadalyn
Smith [phonetic], and Jim McFall [phonetic]. Welcome.

Christine Shambora, speaking for five: Thank you. I'm sorry I will not have
any high tech exhibits along with what I have to say. It's just going to be
some words to you. I hope you will take them to heart. First of all, I'd like
to say good evening to Mayor Burt and members of the City Council. My
name is Christine Shambora, and I live at 1565 Castilleja Avenue in the
Southgate neighborhood I'm one of the members of the steering committee
who put together the RPP application for Southgate. I'm speaking tonight to
highlight a few points for your consideration regarding the Southgate
application which is before you this evening. First of all, the obvious. We
sincerely hope you will approve our application and that you have had a
chance to visit our neighborhood just to see how badly things are and that
we need your help in addressing the parking and safety issues. The
situation has reached a crisis both in terms of safety and quality of life. We
ask you not to pit Southgate against the Evergreen neighborhood by
                                                                       Page 82 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
