                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: ... session item. We have no reportable action.

Study Session

1.    Receive and Review the Report on the Mid-Peninsula Bicycle Sharing
      System Study.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to a Study Session which is to receive
and review the report on the Mid-Peninsula Bicycle Sharing System Study.

James Keene, City Manager: I'll turn it over to Josh Mello. I think you'll find
this—I think it's a timely, obviously timely and necessary conversation but
pretty interesting.

Mayor Burt: Welcome, Mr. Mello.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Thank you. Back when I
started in September, we had already received notice that the current bike
share pilot was coming to an end. I've been in kind of data-gathering mode
for the last eight months. There's a lot of moving parts to our existing bike
share network as well as what's happening regionally. I'm going to give you
a brief overview of kind of where we are today, things that have happened
over the last couple of months, and then present a couple of options moving
forward for your just consideration. Many of you are probably familiar with
what's called a fourth generation bike sharing system. This is different from
older bike share systems where bikes were just left leaning against trees.
There was no formal membership, and bikes would typically disappear
because there was no account set up or any kind of deposit put down. This
type of system, the fourth generation bike share system, really took off in
Paris, the Velib system, about a decade ago. This is a fleet of kind of
automated public bikes that the typical version, the stations themselves
have locking mechanisms, and the bikes are locked into the docks. Folks set
up memberships where they can check out the bike for a defined period of
time. The bikes are highly durable, and they're made to be used and abused
by members of the public. They're not typical, off-the shelf bikes that you
would own for personal use. These systems have been fairly successful.
They have a low rate of loss and damage due to their design. Typically folks
have to put a credit card down in order to ensure the bike is returned in
time. There's generally two types of fourth generation bike sharing systems
that are prevalent in the world today. The first is what's called a smart dock
system, and this is what we have in Palo Alto. The two companies that
manufacture and operate these systems are Motivate and BCycle. Motivate
is the technology that we have with Bay Area Bike Share. The equipment
that's used by Motivate is called PBSC, and it was actually invented by the
Montreal Parking Authority. The technology is a little bit outdated today.
                                                                           Page 2 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
