                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I would say that if one looked to develop the whole parcel
including the CC(2) zoning, yeah, perhaps there would be some additional
design considerations that could be explored. On the other hand, that's not
the project that was filed, and that not the project that's before the Council.

Council Member Schmid: The last follow-up was on TDMs. The Staff Report
states the CUP could be supported with a condition requiring an enforceable
TDM plan. I'm very interested in how the City enforces. You mentioned
you'd set goals, you'd have them report back to you on a regular basis. How
does the City establish the criteria for measuring and assessing the success
of a TDM program? Do we have a means and a way of effectively enforcing
TDMs?

Mr. Lait: This is relatively new. This would be one of the first projects
where we've imposed this enhanced condition with the TDMs. I can't fall
back on past practice or a rule book for how we would go about that.
Internal conversations have included things like this. One is there's a
condition that the plan be submitted to the Director for approval, so we have
our Chief Transportation Official and other Transportation Staff that would be
looking at the TDM plan. We'd be looking at trying to identify what is the
measureable reduction that we're trying to achieve based on the proposed
mix of uses, setting that standard and then identifying some strategies to
achieve that. That would be sort of the basis for which the project would be
rolled out. We would set up some self-monitoring or reporting, like surveys
from the ...

Council Member Schmid: We would do it or they would do it?

Mr. Lait: We would expect that they would do that. We can talk about how
that happens. They would submit annually a report on how they've achieved
the goals. If they haven't met it, we'd probably look to tweak it a little bit.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I would note that's a critical area, and
we're just getting into it. It's very important how we define these things
upfront. I note that the one area we have been engaged in was Stanford.
Staff after 5 years came back and said, "We've just redone our methodology
and reduced our assessment numbers by 15-20 percent."

Mayor Burt: We need to keep this to technical questions at this time. We're
really running over.

Council Member Schmid: The question is are we ready to establish an
effective TDM program. You want to start here, but there's some big
questions.

                                                                        Page 26 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
