                          TRANSCRIPT
area as the assessment zone. It's the same as Downtown. Our parking
requirements in the Downtown Assessment District are based on a blended
rate of 1 per 250.

Mayor Burt: Let me try this. Whether or not we think this is currently a
good zoning requirement, it is the law. We as a Council have said we want
projects to comply with zoning. We can't say in this case we don't like the
zoning, so we're going to deny a project that complies with what might be
bad zoning, because we don't like it.

Council Member DuBois:       Maybe it's overly focused on the                 word
"assessment." I know we closed the assessment period. I will ...

Mayor Burt: It is the zoning ...

Council Member DuBois: ... strike the "and parking" based on that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion,
“and parking.”

Mayor Burt: I think this is becoming a sounder Motion. I'm going to clear
the board and let people speak to the substitute Motion. Council Member
Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was originally going to speak to the original
Motion, but let me say something on this one. I think it's a reasonable
location for housing actually. The subject of the substitute motion is mostly
about the architectural review findings. This building is a block long and 40
feet high, and there's no other building like that in this area. I think the
harmonious transitions and so forth, the compatibility issue, is really
questionable. If we build this one, then there's going to be others like it all
the way down the street. Actually that was called out by at least one of the
PTC Commissioners as a reason to actually do it, which I think is not a good
reason. I'm inclined to favor Council Member Holman's interpretation of the
ARB findings over the original. Even with retail on the bottom floor, it still
adds more jobs than housing. I don't think that's got to do with the
architecture. I think this is really about the architecture. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm, one, pleased to hear Council Member Filseth
say that he think it's a reasonable location for housing. I think it does still
not help our jobs/housing balance. The problem here—again I'm looking for
my colleagues to also weigh in on this. We've been talking about it for a
                                                                        Page 61 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
