                            TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'll try this one that's an overarching. It's not—how did we
have this organized. This is going to be overarching. Provided unbundled
impacts of policies and programs to the degree that such information is used
in the analysis.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT I: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to add
to the Motion, “

D.        For Scenarios 5 and 6:

     i.        Provide unbundled impacts of policies and programs to the
               degree that such information is used in the analysis.”

Mayor Burt: It's really all scenarios. That was seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff. Did you have something else? You wanted to hear any Staff
response to that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did.

Mayor Burt: Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman: I want to make sure that we all understand ...

Mayor Burt: I've tried to carefully capture in the Motion "to the degree it's
known." I'm not asking for something that's not known. If that intent is not
clear in the language, if you want to revert back to the positions, that's one
thing. We can have that conversation all over again. I'd rather just focus
on whether this language is clear enough to you that we're not asking for
what you don't know or the consultant doesn't know. We're asking for what
they do know to the degree they know it.

Ms. Gitelman: I understand what you're saying. I just don't think the way
that's stated it really get you anything. It's saying to the extent that such
information is used in the analysis. We don't know the impacts until we do
the analysis.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) suggest language that would capture what
we're trying to achieve, that would be workable for Staff, that you'd be
comfortable with.

Mayor Burt: You were saying analysis.       If you're meaning that I should
instead say in the conclusions ...

Ms. Gitelman: Such information can be gleaned from the analysis, maybe.
                                                                        Page 71 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
