                          TRANSCRIPT
about which Jamie spoke earlier. We are motivated to offer our employees
these programs because our people come from all over the Bay Area and
commuting is become more complex. Our goal is to provide employees with
transportation alternatives so they have a safe, healthy and productive
choice of options from wherever they begin their day. VMware recognizes
the environmental as well as the public and personal health benefits of
providing alternative commute options. VMware values the well-being of its
employees as a vibrant and critical part of our community. Recognizing their
ability to focus on their jobs and personal lives is key to our business and
core values. We strive to cultivate the sense of centered focus from the
moment they leave their front door.           We are self-motivated to offer
sustained, effective programs and have been successful in doing so and
continue to look at opportunities to add more transportation options for our
people. While VMware offers individual TDM programs, there are several
programs that benefit from scale. We see the value in coordinating an
approach with Stanford Research Park's TDM Working Group and Advisory
Council and have been an active participant in both groups because we
understand the importance and value of collaborating on these types of
efforts. We appreciate the value of the recently implemented Eco Pass
program as a convenience to our employees and its administrative ease for
our company. In addition, we are very interested in pooling employees and
sharing a private, long-distance shuttle with other SRP employers. It's a
great example of critical mass and need for partnership. As you may know,
last year VMware exclusively funded a shared, point-to-point shuttle
program consisting of three routes; two from San Francisco and one from
the Tri Valley. We opened that up to any interested SRP commuters in the
hopes of galvanizing interest from the community at large. Unfortunately,
we weren't able to gain enough traction because our provider unexpectedly
suspended service. Currently though, we are working on revitalizing this
program in conjunction with the SRP, and we are confident that our ability
as a community to pool our resources and address the SRP commuter
population at large as a single entity will pay dividends in the near future by
alleviating the area's growing congestion. We are encouraged by our SRP
neighbor employers, many of whom are here tonight, their desire to address
our collective needs and for Stanford Research Park dedicating a full-time
person to coordinate these efforts. There are several keys to our success
with TDM including flexibility. We need to retain flexibility to determine the
best programs to meet our specific employees' needs as they evolve.
Customization.     TDM works best when we offer a customized set of
programs specific to our employees' needs. Experimentation. We will
launch new programs and be early to adopt new technologies in the evolving
mobility industry. Ability to pivot. We need to evaluate the effectiveness of
our programs and pivot as needed. We may cancel failing programs in order
to launch new ones. Opportunity for collaboration. We can do so much
                                                                         Page 16 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
