                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I will echo the comments by Mayor Burt and will
not be supporting this.

Mayor Burt: Let's just vote on the amendment, move to seven years for the
tree trimming and reduce the Sustainability Office Contingency Fund by ...

Council Member Filseth: $125,000.

Mayor Burt: ... $125,000. That fails on a 4-3 vote. We got somebody
missing? That fails on a 4-4 vote with Council Members Wolbach, Schmid,
Scharff and Burt voting no.

AMENDMENT FAILED:           4-4 Burt, Kniss, Schmid, Wolbach no, Berman
absent

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to adopt the Operating and Capital Budgets and Municipal
Fee Schedule including actions included in the At Places Memorandum; and
each of the related rate increases, utility financial plans, and salary schedule
Resolutions with the following changes:

A.    An additional $50,000 for an Emerging Needs Funds for Human
      Services including Human Services Resource Allocation Process
      (HSRAP) grantees; and

B.    An additional $750,000 set aside towards the unfunded pension
      liability (establishment of a Section 115 Trust Fund); and

C.    Refer to the Policy and Services Committee, whether or not to increase
      HSRAP funding in Fiscal Year 2018; and potentially increase HSRAP
      funding to the $667,000 level which reflects a 2.5 percent cost of
      living increase annually from Fiscal Year 2002 levels; and

D.    Refer to the Policy and Services Committee to explore a low income
      fee program, specifically with regards to Community Services.

Mayor Burt: We return to the primary Motion. Please vote on the board.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry? Did you vote no? I'm sorry. Burt and Kniss voting
no. I'm sorry. Now to the primary Motion. That passes unanimously with
Council Member Berman absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Berman absent

                                                                             Page 67 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
