                          TRANSCRIPT
focused on when you have ground-floor retail. I would say that I have
concerns that we're overreacting on office development.          Some office
development in the next 15 years Downtown is a good thing. You don't
want to have no office development Downtown. I think 47,000 square feet
over 15 years is probably too little. I don't think we should be that
prescriptive. We could probably meter out the way we want to do it. To do
47,000 square feet over 15 years is way too prescriptive. It's basically
saying, because we want more housing and other people want no more
traffic or whatever, we're going to have no office development in the
Downtown. Given that, our Downtown is actually the place that you actually
would want to do development, given it's right next to the Caltrain station.
That'll segue into the Mayor's comments since other people commented on
it. We should all realize that our two largest companies, Palantir and
(inaudible), I think, it's between 70 and 80 percent of the people do not
drive, that work for those companies. We're achieving what we're looking
for in non-single vehicle occupancy use. 70-80 percent of the people take
some other form of transportation to get to work. That's an amazing feat.
We should be fully supportive of those companies. The other thing I'd say is
that all comments that software development is not allowed in our
Downtown, I think, is just wrong and is just silly. Software development is
clearly allowed in our Downtown. To say otherwise is just wrong. Our
Planning Department interprets it that way. Our City Attorney interprets it
that way. I have heard no one on Staff, not a single person on Staff, say
anything to me otherwise. I've just heard one Council Member talk about
this in the press. I think that's inappropriate, and we shouldn't think that.
If we are concerned about increasing allowing startups in the Downtown,
there are ways we could do that, but we also have to realize that we
complain about startup companies when up here, about traffic. They're the
ones who actually put—I like startups. I'd be happy to encourage it. I want
to see more startups in the Downtown. They are actually the ones that have
ten people in 500 square feet. You look at a startup, and there are all these
people sitting desk to desk, as many people as possible. They're the ones
that are actually playing a little fast and loose often with the rules or the
Code enforcement. When we look at this and what we want, we have to be
somewhat honest with ourselves about where we're going in the Downtown.
If we wanted more startups, we could say, like we do with medical space,
"You can build 2,000 square feet or 3,000 square feet of office space, but it's
got to be dedicated solely to startups." You could do that. You could have a
little cap thing that breaks that out and do that. There are lots of ways to
do that. I also take issue with the notion that there aren't startups in
Downtown. Maybe I don't go to the same Downtown as the rest of you, but
I can't sit in a single café in Palo Alto and not have somebody next to me
talking about their startup. I don't know where this notion is that there are
no startups Downtown. There are startups in every Starbucks in Palo Alto,
                                                                      Page 106 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
