                          TRANSCRIPT
Council returned from Closed Session at 6:30 P.M.

Mayor Burt: ... Closed Session, Item Number 1, which is a conference on
real property, on the U.S. Post Office. We have no reportable action.

Study Session

2.    2755 El Camino Real (16PLN-00234): Request by Windy Hills Property
      Ventures for a Prescreening of Their Proposal to Re-zone the Subject
      Property at the Corner of El Camino Real and Page Mill Road From
      Public Facility (PF) to Another Zoning District That Would Allow
      Development of a Building With Approximately 60 Small Dwelling Units
      and 45 Parking Spaces.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Study Session on 2755 El Camino Real. It's
a request by Windy Hill Properties Ventures for a prescreening of their
proposal to rezone the subject property at the corner of El Camino and Page
Mill from Public Facility to another zoning district that would allow
development of a building with approximately 60 small dwelling units and 45
parking spaces. Welcome, Jonathan. How are you?

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. I'm joined with Jodie Gerhardt at the end of the table
and Claire Hodgkins, one of our newer Associate Planners with the City.
She'll be making the presentation this evening. Just as a reminder, this is a
Study Session. We're not looking for any formal action or votes, but we are
interested in Council Member feedback on the conceptual project and the
process that is laid out for you in the report and in Claire's presentation.
Claire.

Claire Hodgkins, Associate Planner: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council
Members. I'm Claire Hodgkins, and I'm the Project Planner for this project.
This evening you are being requested to consider the applicant's proposal for
development of multifamily housing on a property zoned Public Facilities.
The prescreening process is a requirement prior to legislative changes. The
Study Session is intended to facilitate a conceptual review of the applicant's
request, focusing on big-picture policy. Staff is here to gather policy
direction to guide formation of a formal project, if desired. The existing site
is a former Valley Transit Authority or Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) park-and-ride lot, zoned Public Facilities and designated
Major Institution/Special Facilities. The site was formally deemed to be
surplus and sold by VTA to a private developer. Just a little bit about the
surrounding context.       Nearby zoning includes Planned Community,
Neighborhood Commercial and Service Commercial. Nearby retail, office
and residential uses range from two to ten stories. Immediately adjacent to
                                                                         Page 2 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
