                          TRANSCRIPT

ultimately is, I agree, quite problematic. Some way to trust that the Staff
can integrate a range of things that they generally hear. If we need to really
be held to task, that you would limit what you expect to see by putting it
actually in a motion. That may have some criteria that you want to
establish. It's a specific policy, call out or some real misstatement or
something that really is a substantive problem that needs to be addressed.

Mayor Burt: I would add that in those occasions where we decide that we'd
like to use a specific motion, that we not attempt to sculpt the final language
in a motion but have the motion capture intent. That's be much simpler.
Leave it up to the CAC and the Staff to then consider that. There's the other
context. If we come tonight with—say we put something in a motion. Do
we intend it to be binding on the Staff and CAC that it must be included or
are we putting in a motion that we want to have this to be specifically
considered and return to use? Those are two different things. Why don't we
just for a moment speak to the process, and then return to Council Member
Berman on the particular substance that he was going to speak to? Council
Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to propose maybe a lighter weight
process even than a motion, which would be a series of straw polls. I think
we could refer to letters from the public and things and just do a quick straw
poll, how many people agree with this letter, how many people agree with
this comment. I think that might move quicker.

Mayor Burt: I think so as well. If the Council is receptive to that, I would
support it. Others? Let's attempt the straw poll approach. If we find that
there's certain places where it doesn't work, then we can reconsider it.
Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thanks. Along those lines, I wanted to ask my
former colleague and seatmate and still friend, Gail Price, a question about
the letter that she sent in. If I can call her up to the mike for a second?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Berman: Hi Gail.

Ms. Price: Hi there, nice to see you.

Council Member Berman: Good to see you too. I agree with your letter and
the intent there. I had a question about the changes that you made to
Policy 1.29 where you add permanent supportive housing, but you kind of
                                                                         Page 30 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
