                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: We looked at that issue and determined that this small segment
of additional blocks, which was a separate application, really shouldn't be
analyzed together in the same way as Phase 2, which was a set of rules that
encompassed the entirety of the Downtown North, Professorville area. We
think it's appropriate that it proceed without recusals except for the one
from Evergreen Park.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I would change Crescent Park—in terms of
priorities it would be Southgate, Evergreen Park, and then Crescent Park as
a separate RPP from Downtown.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I think Crescent Park should come back to us and
tell us if they want to be annexed, so then we could do it quickly. If not,
then we have to have a separate discussion of whether a small separate
program makes financial sense (inaudible). Having one (crosstalk)

Mr. Keene: (crosstalk) some comment that at least some neighbors would
be interested in the quickest route.

Council Member DuBois: We told them that they missed the deadline.

Mayor Burt: I think that it's problematic to have a separate RPP district for
just a few blocks. On the other hand, I didn’t get to participate in this
because I was 490 feet from the edge of the last extension. I'm not in it. I
think that there were two things that maybe weren't done right. One is it
would be less onerous on those residents if the permitted parking without a
permit was three hours rather than two. I can't imagine, if your guests or
workers are there, some Downtown worker is going to go and walk a mile
and back every two hours to move the car. That applies when you're
adjacent to Downtown. That's a risk. It doesn't apply in these extended
areas. What we've done is inconvenience those residents who can't have
guests. They have to get a guest permit for every two hours. I just don't
think there's any negative impact there. The second one is this fundamental
question of when we've created a spillover, should commercial permits be
sold in an area that never had an impact. I don't think they should.

Council Member DuBois: That's the definition of not being in the Downtown.
I don't know if there's a second for my amendment.

Mayor Burt: That actually can be in the same program but with a different
policy on the annexed areas. I don't think it has to be a different area.
That's a more complicated issue. I just want to lay those on the table.




                                                                     Page 109 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
