                              TRANSCRIPT
      i.         Including the addition of a requirement that a second unit be
                 built on Lot 3; and

      ii.        Increase the setbacks to 8 feet on all sides of the garage and
                 accessory buildings on Lot 3; and

C.          Add the requirement that this development be subject to whatever
            dewatering requirements are in effect before the next dewatering
            season; and

D.          Direct Staff to review the third party geo-technical report to assure
            that any aggregate impact presented by the construction schedule is
            evaluated and not simply the individual dewatering impact of
            construction on each lot.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. Please vote on the board. That passes 7-
0 with Council Members Berman and Kniss absent. Thank you all.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Kniss absent

18.         PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving Revisions to
            the Architectural Review Findings in Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter
            18.76 and Approval of an Exemption Under Sections 15061 and 15305
            of the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Guidelines. The
            Planning and Transportation Commission Recommended Council
            Approval of the Ordinance (Continued From September 12, 2016 and
            October 24, 2016).

Mayor Burt: We'll move onto our next item, which is Item Number 18. I
should have noted earlier in the evening that this is scheduled to precede
Item 17. This is revisions to the Architectural Review findings in the Palo
Alto Municipal Code Chapter 18.76, approval of an exemption under CEQA.
You're back.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you. We don't have a PowerPoint presentation. There's a couple of
things I want to bring to the Council's attention. We are returning with the
Architectural Review (AR) findings. This is, I think, the Council's third time
reviewing them. At places you should have received two pages that are
color pictures of the Downtown Business District and the California Avenue
Business District. One of the questions that we're asking you tonight is to
identify the boundary that Finding 2(c) would apply to.                    Our
recommendation is the Business District boundaries that are set forth in the
Comprehensive Plan. Those are the shaded portions on these two maps
here. I also wanted to identify just two adjustments to the Ordinance on
                                                                            Page 40 of 56
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/14/16
