                          TRANSCRIPT
we'll be able to resolve these issues in that timeframe. I think it has to
come back to you somewhere between December 15 and January 15. If it's
not okay with the residents, we won't have a chance to comment on it at the
end of January and then have it go operational. Finally, the mitigations were
presented very early in this presentation as sort of a starburst. Those
mitigation efforts are useless if you don't have funding and timelines for
them. Those are still "pie in the sky" objectives. The TMA is totally
uncertain, paid parking. If you're going to present those as solutions,
present them as funded objectives with timelines. Otherwise, they're pie in
the sky. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for discussion and
a prospective motion. There are two of us who weren't active in this
discussion previously. I wouldn't mind an opportunity after—who was the
other one?

Council Member Berman: I wasn't.

Mayor Burt: Three of us. If it's all right, why don't we let those of us who
weren't able to participate in the last discussion offer up a few comments?
Then, we can move forward on where we go as a group.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: You may have new ones, but let us catch up a little bit and
share some of our thoughts on this. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that, because it's a lot of numbers
and a lot of things that have happened since I was able to participate as for
the other Council Members the Mayor mentioned. I have a question that
have to do specifically with RPP. I'm around the area quite a bit, and I've
heard Richard Brand mention it several times. Can we require the care
facility on Bryant to do their deliveries in their rear parking lot as opposed to
doing them on a residential street? Can we require that?

Mr. Mello: I think it would have to be done through some type of permit
approval process. They can be ticketed for double parking or parking
illegally if they're doing it on-street.

Council Member Holman: I don't know what their current permit dictates, so
it might already be required of them. I don't know.

Mr. Mello: We can look into that certainly.

Mr. Keene: We could ask them.

                                                                         Page 93 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
