                         TRANSCRIPT
which is reflected in the draft ordinance you have. On the housing side,
again this is all found in Attachment G. I'm going to focus on the rental
provision of this only—that's the second-to-last column—because we're not
proposing a big change on the ownership side. On the rental side, other
jurisdictions range from $17 a foot in Mountain View to $25 a foot in
Cupertino to $43 in some cases in San Carlos and higher even than that, I
believe, in the East Bay. Here in our draft ordinance, we're proposing the
$50 a square foot amount and then, of course, the Planning Commission has
recommended between $10 and $20. Both the Planning Commission and
Staff heard from quite a few stakeholders in the course of developing and
bringing forward these ordinances. We heard, I think, questions about what
are the goals here, are we trying to raise money for building affordable
housing or are we trying to get affordable housing units onsite. Related to
that was this question, are we setting too high a bar for a developer to pay
the fees instead of developing the units onsite. We've created kind of a
feasibility test. A for-sale developer would have to provide the 15 units
onsite unless they came up with another alternative that was acceptable to
the City or some of those alternatives were infeasible and then they could
pay this in-lieu fee.        Stakeholders also talked about this issue of
comparables to other jurisdictions and that issue about the duration of the
affordability restriction for tax credit purposes, which we did reflect in the
ordinance based on Planning Commission input. As indicated earlier, we
have a representative of the Planning and Transportation Commission here.
I believe Commissioner Waldfogel is in the room. I hope you will invite him
to address the Council after the Staff presentation. We're then hoping that
you will conduct a public hearing. We are, of course, available to answer
questions and would look forward to receiving your comments. We're
hoping that you will see fit to adopt the ordinances this evening, in which
case they would become effective 60 days after a second reading. The last
slide is just a repeat of our Staff recommendations. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Why don't we hear from Commissioner Waldfogel
on behalf of the Planning and Transportation Commission, and then we can
have questions and then open the public hearing. Welcome.

Asher Waldfogel, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Mayor Burt,
Vice Mayor Scharff, Council, thank you for giving me a couple of minutes.
Also, thank you, Director Gitelman, for a very balanced discussion of a
complicated topic. I don't want to duplicate the Staff Report. Happy to
answer any questions about deliberation. I just want to make a couple of
comments, if that's okay, if I've got a minute or two to do that. In the
course of the PTC deliberation, which went over three meetings, there was a
lot of discussion of whether impact fees are a veiled way to send an anti-
development message, whether that's true or not. There was also a lot of
                                                                        Page 39 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
