                           TRANSCRIPT
the Class IV on Loma Verde. Would we want to give that direction to Staff
also if the Class IV was determined to be infeasible?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.

Mayor Burt:   If that additional language can be added.      Council Member
Wolbach.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Substitute Motion
Part A, “or the Loma Verde Avenue Path is determined to be infeasible” after
“and if not.”

Council Member Wolbach: I definitely prefer the substitute Motion to the
prior Motion. I think there are a couple of tweaks that we should probably
make. I think we should actually break apart Part A into two different
sections, but I want to make sure that Vice Mayor Scharff hears my question
on this. I'll wait just a second. Should I wait or should I just (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: I think we should just have a separate section.
One is we should direct Staff to move forward with study of Loma Verde,
and separately see if we can use the funds from the County for that. I think
we should move forward Loma Verde whether we have the County funds or
not. The County funds shouldn't be determining whether we move forward.
I was just going to suggest breaking apart "A" into two separate pieces. I
also think that we should give a little bit more leeway to Staff. They have
expressed an interest or the possibility of other improvements that might be
less ideal for bikers but might be more feasible or less expensive to improve
Loma Verde, whether through painting or other less expensive or less
dramatic improvements. Currently, I'm inclined to support a Class IV bike
lane, but I want to at least compare it to the other options before we lock in
on a Class IV bike lane for the future of Loma Verde. On the crossing, it
should probably say, "focus on an Alma and Caltrain crossing," just to be
clear. I don't know if the maker of the Motion heard my suggestions there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach: I'll repeat them. Let's start with the easy one.
In "B," where it says "focus on a crossing," we should probably say "a

                                                                       Page 62 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
