                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: We have a person in Sacramento that, I think, could
send us this if we want to debate it some night. It's long and it'll take some
time though. We may just want to bring up Measure B.

Mayor Burt: Measure B, I think that the advocates of Measure B had
requested individual support from Council Members rather than Councils.
That was there position on what they were seeking. Mr. Shikada, on the
State ballot measures, is this something that the League has or others have
taken positions on? Do we want to try to schedule something in the next
week or two that would allow us to? I should say we don't always weigh in
on State measures.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's going to take too long. I would not be in favor.

Council Member Holman: I would certainly hope that we could bring the
death penalty to Council for a vote, as we did four years ago. We did, four
years ago.

Mayor Burt: Is there a sense of the Council whether they want to try to
agendize that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm fine with just doing the death penalty. I just don't
want to do all of them.

Council Member Holman: I just don't have a list in front of me. I wasn't
anticipating doing them all. Certainly the death penalty I'd like to see come
forward. I think Council Member Kniss does too.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If there's the death penalty one, the only other one is
the bond one, which is actually pretty pernicious. It's like 52 or 53 where
you'd have to get statewide support for any time you want to do a bond.
It's 52.

Mayor Burt: We'll take that under advisement with Staff as to whether we
should also look at that measure to bring forward to the Council.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: I would note. I believe you have two
meetings left before the election, the 24th of October and the 7th of
November. There's essentially no time left for that Council discussion.

Council Member Holman: Obviously sooner is better.

Mayor Burt: I see we have other lights. Council Member Holman, did you
have something else or does that cover it?

Council Member Holman: That's it.
                                                                      Page 110 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
