                            TRANSCRIPT
one. When we look at, even at a policy level, what we want to do, it's going
to be dependent to a good degree on what it is we're trying to protect and
the economic value of it as well as other less tangible values that we may
place on it. I would like to encourage our Staff to get a first-level cut of the
economic threat to properties that are there with a recognition that the first
cut is not going to be the precise one. Joe.

Mr. Teresi: I believe at this point that the Santa Clara Valley Water District
is doing exactly that countywide.         Just doing kind of a big-picture
assessment of what are the potential damages.

Mayor Burt: They'll break it down by ...

Mr. Teresi: City by city.

Mayor Burt: Finally, on this question of whether we should be pursuing a
policy, presumably once we have a policy, then we could consider zoning
changes and other actions that would come out of a policy. I think going
forward in the nearer term on the policy is the right thing to do. It doesn't
mean that we drop everything to do that, but this is a big, important issue.
The longer we wait, the longer it may be that we made some wrong
decisions or that we just went about things in the existing approach when if
we had adopted the policy sooner, we might have taken different actions. I
think it's just a wise thing to do.      I assume that developing policy
recommendations is not an enormous project; whereas, a lot of the
implementation does get large.

Mr. Bobel: I think we could control it by sort of taking it in layers or steps,
having a general policy first but not doing a lot of research behind it, and
then getting reaction from Council. If more research was needed, then
maybe we need to hire a consultant to help with that research. We could
take a first cut without doing research, without spending a ton of Staff time,
frankly, and just see what the appetite was for considering these things. If
there was the appetite for it, we may have to get cost estimates from a
consultant.

Mayor Burt: Whenever you might come back with that first cut at a policy,
is that when we'd go into a deeper discussion of these issues that you
identified on Slide 15, in the context of that policy?

Mr. Bobel: That seems logical.

Mayor Burt: We've all spoken around a circle, and you haven't heard one
voice. I think we need to give Staff a little bit of guidance on what we'd like
to see next. We're already a half hour overdue. Let me just put out there,
                                                                         Page 23 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
