              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                             Regular Meeting
                                                           November 7, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:08 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt arrived at 6:18 P.M., DuBois arrived at 6:29 P.M.,
            Filseth, Holman arrived at 6:32 P.M., Kniss, Scharff, Schmid,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Vice Mayor Scharff: Agenda Changes, Deletions, Additions, I don’t think we
have any.

City Manager Comments

Vice Mayor Scharff: Move to City Manager comments.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Vice Mayor. Just three things
to report. First of all, if you look up there on your screen, you will see that
rain brings new plantings. We had more than 2 1/2 inches of rain in October
at our newly rejuvenated 130-acre Byxbee Park. Perfect timing as we had
just planted 2,000 native plants in 16 pilot vegetated islands. The plantings
are a big part of our Byxbee Park interim plan and will inform decisions
about the ultimate landscaping plan, etc., for the broader area. The rains
also sprouted growth from our hydroseeding, but even natives will have a
tough time surviving their first few summers, so we’re experimenting with
some small irrigation systems using recycled water. Here’s one of our four
small compressed-air operated pumps we use to get water from tanks to the
new plans. I hope you’ll join me in jogging or walking out there and watch
the progress that is unfolding with this joint Public Works and Community
Services Department project. The next item, I would say, is the artist
Patrick Dougherty has returned to the Palo Alto Art Center October 30th
through November 18th to create another captivating willow sculpture. The
Council will recall that Dougherty’s previous temporary sculpture, Double
Take, was created as an installation in 2011. While temporary, it was there
for five years over time, but it had lost its structural integrity and was


                                                                       Page 1 of 90
