                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Dailey: Yes, under drought conditions, it is possible that our supplier
would declare a water supply shortage. In the case of 2015, which was an
unprecedented event, the State declared a statewide water shortage and
imposed mandatory cutbacks on all water agencies regardless of what the
individual agency's supply source was. In that case, I might just throw out
that if we were pumping groundwater, that groundwater would have also
been subject to the 24 percent mandated reduction by the State. When we
do the Water Integrated Resource Plan, we'll look at those risks in a different
way than we might have looked at them five years ago. Again, this is a
regulatory requirement. It's not an all encompassing, City of Palo Alto plan
for the future.

Council Member DuBois: That's a good perspective. In terms of the
groundwater, how do we test these wells that we're not actively using?
Particularly with neighboring cities using groundwater, do we monitor the
wells?

Ms. Dailey: The wells are monitored. Keep in mind that the groundwater is
managed by the Santa Clara Valley Water District, not the City of Palo Alto.
They're also monitoring the wells and would have ultimate responsibility for
management of the groundwater should Palo Alto or any other city in the
county choose to use that groundwater.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I guess there's some question. Is part of
that aquifer actually San Mateo County or being pumped by San Mateo
County?

Ms. Dailey: There's very little groundwater being pumped by San Mateo
County right now. That certainly could change some time in the future. San
Mateo County is looking at ways to understand that aquifer more and
potentially come up with some sort of groundwater management governance
strategy, but that doesn't exist in San Mateo County right now. Santa Clara
County would be responsible for maintaining the groundwater level here in
Palo Alto.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we have two cards from members of the public.
Our first speaker is Bill Ross, to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 8:24 P.M.

Bill Ross: Good evening. I'm a ratepayer and a taxpayer and a resident. I
have the following comments. I think you need to evaluate whether the
demand management measures based on the 2010 approach, especially for
                                                                        Page 42 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
