                         TRANSCRIPT
that we strike Paragraph 3 on Page 4 of the letter, that we also remove any
references to displacement. I can give my reasons for that if anyone's
curious. That we add at some point in the letter that Palo Alto does not
oppose nor seek delay of East Palo Alto's consideration of additional housing
supply. Also, that Palo Alto recognizes colocation of housing near jobs may
have a positive impact on traffic by facilitating bicycle and pedestrian
commutes.

Mayor Burt: Let me just say that you're getting into policy statements there
just as bad as what we were talking about before.

Council Member Wolbach: Like I said, I'm ...

Mayor Burt: An EIR is to evaluate alternatives and impacts. It's not to draw
conclusions about what's good and bad in terms of the project.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm open to tweaking this to make it more
amenable and appropriate for comment on a Draft EIR. I'm getting the
concepts out there.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to authorize the City Manager or his designee to sign a letter
commenting on the City of East Palo Alto’s General Plan Update and Draft
Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) including the following changes:

A.   Remove Paragraph 3 on page 4; and

B.   Remove all references to displacement; and

C.   Add that Palo Alto does not oppose nor seek delay of consideration of
     additional housing supply; and

D.   Add that Palo Alto recognizes that colocation of housing near jobs can
     have a positive effect on traffic.

Mayor Burt: Let me try an alternative to your Motion just to move this
along. We request that the City Manager modify the letter so that it focuses
more on evaluation of impacts and alternatives including related to the
Newell Bridge. I'll just pause as an aside. That would mean that we'd be
looking at what could be negative impacts of one set of alternatives and
what might be positive impacts of another set of alternatives, more
pedestrian oriented and mitigations that might expand biking and those
kinds of things. Back to the Motion. We can have that the letter avoid
specific advocacy pro or con or amount of housing development, but focus
instead on impacts.

                                                                           Page 96 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
