                         TRANSCRIPT
need units that are affordable for extremely low income. One of the big
problems is that the units that do exist are too far away from city centers
and/or from transit for people who don't drive. I'd like to emphasize for the
City of Palo Alto these are people who don't drive. They don't have a car;
they don't need to park. Just one my little hobby horses. I'm hoping that
the City will partner with agencies such as Housing Choices to build close-in,
affordable, high-density housing for people with developmental disabilities.
One of the innovative things that Mountain View has done is to put up 1585
Studios on El Camino Real in Mountain View. That's worth a look. In
addition, just as my personal ax to grind, please consider an additional
solution, granny units or accessory units. They're a highly desirable and
affordable approach that can also help Palo Alto with their housing goals and
help with residents' needs. It's my hobby horse because I have a large lot.
I'm 200 yards off El Camino Real. My son can take the bus, the train. He
can walk to stores, etc. Thank you for helping it possible for people like my
son, who can hope to live and work relatively independently in his home
community to do that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Winter Dellenbach to be followed by Drew
Lusebrink.

Winter Dellenbach: There are two types of housing in Palo Alto: market
rate housing and below market rate housing. Only one, BMR housing,
guarantees affordability long term.     Market rate housing is always as
expensive as the market allows. Just look at Palo Alto over many decades
through booms and busts. No so-called affordable housing is left other than
BMR. Working class people once lived here in an economically diverse
community with professionals and academics, but now this is a rich person's
town or it's becoming so. Surely we don't suffer the illusion that we can
build our way to affordability. We now have about 26,000 units of housing
and three times as many jobs. We cannot possibly build enough housing,
even going dense, even going high, to actually bring down housing expense.
That is voodoo economics' trickle down housing policy magical thinking,
ineffective and illusory. We are a job center. We've had more jobs than
residents since the late 1960s. I came here in 1970; it was a 2:1 ratio. This
is not new and not bad, and it's not going to change. The thing that has
changed is that housing around us has also become expensive, creating a
regional housing crunch. We can't fix the region, but we can build some
smart housing that avoids burning down the cathedral to warm ourselves.
We can expand and strengthen the office cap and utilize affordable,
environmentally sound transportation modes for commuters. Unlike market
rate housing, below market rate housing remains affordable over the long
term, now 55 years, due to such devices as deed restrictions. BMR housing
is the way to build housing that will remain affordable and avoid a cycle of
                                                                       Page 60 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
