                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We couldn't hear you.

Mr. Alaee: There's a script there for you for reading.

Mayor Burt: Council Members, any discussion?         Yes, go ahead and ask
questions at this time. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Am I addressing questions to Staff?

Mayor Burt: Who do you want to ask questions of?

Council Member DuBois: I wasn't sure.       I guess Mr. Cohen would answer
questions or Staff, either one.

Mayor Burt:   If there are—Cash, are you prepared to answer all the
questions? There may be some directed toward the representatives of the
Business Improvement District (BID).

Mr. Alaee: I think we're able to certainly answer any questions. I think the
City Attorney is able to answer questions, and Russ is able to answer any
questions.

Council Member DuBois: I'll try to be quick here. We've seen a lot of
growth Downtown. I just wondered has there been any discussion about
changing the boundaries of the Business Improvement District.

Russ Cohen, Palo Alto Downtown Business Improvement District:           We
haven't discussed that lately, because in order to expand the boundaries or
even increase the fees, we'd basically have to go back to square one and
reorganize and reemerge the organization. That is really problematic in our
view.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about how you defined the
benefit. Could you maybe speak to that a little bit in terms of what the
benefits are?

Mr. Cohen: I think if you look at our annual report, you'll see a long list of
accomplishments that are the fundamentals of what we do at the BID. The
two fundamentals would be cleanliness and safety. If we don't concentrate
on cleanliness and safety, then we can promote as much as we want, but
nobody will come because it's not safe and it's not clean. Another benefit to
our organization is that we represent all the businesses within the district as
a conduit to City Hall. They count on us to represent their interests here at
this dais.


                                                                           Page 13 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
