                          TRANSCRIPT
and Santa Clara County had been rerouted to expand the land within Palo
Alto's borders to accommodate the golf course and expand land for office
and industrial use, that significantly expanded Palo Alto's tax base while
shrinking the land and opportunity for what was in unincorporated East Palo
Alto. Throughout the Bay Area, people are struggling to afford a home, but
the situation is particularly acute in the Peninsula, and it is growing worse.
In the last 3 years, for every 26 jobs that have been created, only one home
has been built. This huge disparity has impacts throughout and beyond our
sub-region.     Local workers who are unable to find options in our
communities are forced to commute long distances, worsening commutes.
The housing crisis is a preventable, human tragedy that is caused by cities
like Palo Alto that are developing more jobs than housing units. East Palo
Alto has 0.23 jobs per employed resident, while Palo Alto has 3.02 jobs per
employed resident. Palo Alto's draft General Plan purposely and willfully
plans for a continuation of the severe jobs/housing imbalance. Almost 40
percent of East Palo Alto's homes are made affordable to residents via rent
control or housing assistance for both rental and ownership housing. East
Palo Alto has approximately 22 percent of the emergency shelter beds in
San Mateo County, but only 3.2 percent of the population. The housing in
East Palo Alto essentially subsidizes all the jobs in Silicon Valley. Still, East
Palo Alto's goal is to accommodate more affordable homes and is seeking a
modest transfer of water allocation from Palo Alto to accomplish this and to
stabilize the community's future.        Typically what is needed to build
affordable homes is money, land and political approvals. In East Palo Alto,
the biggest need to meet its goal for housing is more water. East Palo Alto
provides housing for many Palo Alto and Stanford employees, and it bears
much of the traffic burden from commuters traveling from the East Bay to
their jobs in Palo Alto. Transferring a small percentage of the water
allocation to enable East Palo Alto to build much needed affordable homes is
an important way to mitigate the impact Palo Alto's job growth has, while
helping this neighboring, lower-income community build a better future.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council. Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I enthusiastically support the recommendation to
go to the Policy and Services Committee with this and take a look at it. I
just have a question about what we are transferring from. Palo Alto has
three different numbers that it's using with the SFPUC. It has its individual
supply guarantee of 19.1 thousand acre feet per year, that is permanent in
nature. In 2010, they agreed to an interim supply allocation of 16.4 acre
feet under the improvements to Hetch Hetchy. That will expire in 2018. In

                                                                          Page 75 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
