                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
add to the Motion, “include language so that a new project would not, as a
whole, exacerbate the jobs housing imbalance.

Council Member Wolbach: We can even say "consider language," and then
let Staff and the Mayor work it out. The other—I guess we'll have to vote on
that.

Mayor Burt: Would it be possible for us to vote on the amendment without
discussion? Let's go ahead and vote on the amendment at the bottom.

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by
Mayor Burt to add to the Motion, “include language so that a new project
would not, as a whole, exacerbate the jobs/housing imbalance, where such
exists. (new Part E)

Mayor Burt: That passes 7-2 with Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member
Berman opposed.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-2 Berman, Scharff no

Council Member Wolbach: The last suggestion I'd offer is to add into Section
B to work with the League of California Cities, our lobbyists, and our
legislators.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part B, “our lobbyists, and
legislators” after “California Cities.”

Council Member Holman: Isn't that "B" basically?

Council Member Wolbach: I was saying add that ...

Council Member Berman: (crosstalk) amending "B."

Council Member Wolbach: Right. It was amending "B" to expand it to
include our lobbyist and our legislators. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just wanted to say that I approve the notion of
retaining the first five paragraphs of the original letter. It states clearly our
perspective for process and including the public in making decisions. I like
"A," trying to remove the bill as part of the budget process, and "B," to work
                                                                             Page 51 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
