                          TRANSCRIPT
for our national discussion, that's why it's so important that communities
and states care about the workforce and the pipeline to these creative
industries. You saw one in ten jobs. Just to put it in perspective, these are
the three main sectors that have the biggest employment factors in the
state. You had direct employment and indirect. This notion of how it
impacts our communities, I think that's why we're here tonight, to get into
real conversation.      What Randy and I both bring to you tonight is
observations. Observations of what's working throughout the United States
and what's working in California. We're anxious to do that. Community
development. As we were walking back from a coffee earlier tonight, I was
asking, "Who does Palo Alto compare itself to?" We get into comparisons all
the time, whether it's talking about our national comparisons, our state
comparisons, but city comparisons. I think we touched on three cities,
Santa Monica, Berkeley, Pasadena. I live in south Pasadena, and I'm proud
to say that 25, 26 years ago I was the founding president of the Armory
Center for the Arts, a city-owned facility still owned by the City of Pasadena
that transformed an old armory into a world class, without argument world
class, community art center where 90 percent of the work actually happens
out in the community. Yet, there is this physical space for exhibition, for
classes. It played a central role, a central role in the redevelopment of old
Pasadena. If you've been to Pasadena and you've walked the old part of
town, you know that that's a vibrant, active shopping district, but it still
keeps the arts alive. The Armory Center is one of those reasons around
community development and the arts. Randy talked about arts education,
but I want to talk also about the roles that cities can play. I suspect that,
what little now I know about concerns that you have about your youth
development and the engagement of your youth, again I think the examples
that I would challenge you to imagine is where are the cities that are
actively involved in its local school district. I keep coming back to Pasadena
just because it's the city I know best. They've declared their city committed
to this notion of a community school. I think you know what we mean by
that, and that is to define the school campuses as extensions really of the
city's work. That includes the city providing the security within the schools.
That includes all off hours of school use for community use, for arts
activities, for afterschool, for festivals and whatnot. Arts education, whether
its workforce development, the attraction of the community that you want to
create it, caring about schools as you do and as the most vibrant cities do is
very important. You heard Randy speak to this. Corrections is only up here
because this is an issue for our state. It's something that we are involved in
many different ways to do an arts plus strategy. When Randy says arts in
service beyond all the spiritual and inherent interests in the arts, we're
solving problems at the state level that you know about. You know that
California has the largest prison population in the United States, and it’s a
huge problem for our state. We are now administering $3 1/2 million in the
                                                                         Page 6 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
