                          TRANSCRIPT
story, and the rest are one-story Eichler with second-floor additions. This
shows the support level by owners of the 202 homes at the time of
application.     The support level was 71.2 percent at that time.            The
signatures of support are in Packet Pages 792-824, that the applicants
gathered over the course of six months in door-to-door meetings. This level
of support met our requirement to be considered a viable single story
application. Note that if all 203 properties in the tract had been included
within the proposed boundary, the 70 percent requirement was still met at
the time of application. What happened then is some erosion of support by
the time the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC) forwarded
their recommendation to the City Council. It had dropped to 69.3 percent,
just moments before the Planning Commission hearing on February 10th.
Staff did report that this was the level of support at that time. The Planning
Commission asked that the Council adopt the single story overlay but
consider the appropriateness of including properties fronting Stockton Place
and Loma Verde Avenue. Here we have the support as of Friday, last Friday
the 14th. What this reflects is 130 homeowners or 64.3 percent. That
number and percentage is still holding true today as of the end of the day
with a couple of changes both ways. I do have some notes on this slide that
indicate what the Stockton Place support level is and the Loma Verde
support level is, because those were the two streets the Planning and
Transportation Commission called out to the Council to consider as far as
peeling those off perhaps. The remainder of homes within the subdivision
held at 66 percent if those two were peeled off. For discussion. It should be
clarified that the Municipal Code allows two ways of coming forward with a
single story overlay. One is by property owner or owners, and another is by
initiation of the Planning Commission or Council for rezoning. Staff's role in
this is to first verify that the application is complete and eligible to forward
to the Planning and Transportation Commission, and then forward the
Planning and Transportation Commission's recommendation to the Council
within a very short timeframe after recommendation by the Commission.
The Code does set forth the single story overlay purpose, which is to
preserve and maintain single family living areas of predominantly single
story character. The purpose language notes it is desirable that homes
within the boundary be of similar age, design and character. It should be
noted that the City Council has directed Staff to include an Action Item in
the Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan) to consider alternatives and
improvements to the single story overlay process. As the slide shows, the
support level has dipped below 70 percent.            Again, that was a Code
requirement for initiation or application. The eroding support level reflects
some controversy in the neighborhood. You'll hear more from the public on
that. Some of the concerns voiced by the reversals are up on the screen
here. There are reversals of reversals now. We've had a few of those where
people have gone back to being supportive. The Council's not required to
                                                                          Page 61 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
