                         TRANSCRIPT
volunteers. Our volunteers serve the shelter as animal socializers, assisting
potential adopters, and they serve as the face of the shelter as they help the
public at the front desk. With the help of our dog volunteers, our shelter
dogs take special training classes where they learn the concepts of good
behavior and thus increase their adoptability. The animals we have know
and trust these 40 amazing volunteers, and they are invaluable. Since
Animals Services started facing this budget issue in 2012, our volunteers
have stepped up to help. We've seen an unprecedented support over the
last four years. In addition to helping with the day-to-day functions of the
shelter, many community members have engaged in strategic programs to
help the shelter. We've had many photographers, (inaudible), social media
assistance, some silent auction fundraisers, the Girl Scouts' many donation
drives, cost-saving, craft-building projects and middle school service events.
The list goes on and on. Some of them may not make lots of money, but
they are all very valuable to me and to our Staff. We appreciate Pets in
Need for demonstrating a commitment to retain the shelter in Palo Alto and
lead a fundraising campaign to remodel or build a new shelter and work
closely with Friends of Palo Alto animal shelter and Palo Alto Humane Society
to provide services in a cost-effective manner. As I have shown, we at Palo
Alto Animal Services are already committed to retaining the shelter. We
work closely with Faux Paws and Humane Society already and are already
committed to providing services in cost-effective manners.           We have
outreach programs in place. A devoted community already leading
fundraisers on our behalf. I request that the City Council keep and work
with our dedicated community of employees and volunteers and fully explore
and improve upon the fundraising practices that are already in place. It
would be a disservice to our community to ignore and abandon the hard
work of our devoted volunteers. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Townsend Brady to be followed by Scottie
Zimmerman. Welcome.

Townsend Brady: Good evening. I want to thank you for this opportunity to
address you. I want to thank Greg Scharff for pointing out that the savings
of this change is roughly nine percent of the current budget. I think that
could easily disappear in future cost increases. It really brings things into
perspective. I've been a resident of Palo Alto for 20 years. I have been
working as a volunteer at Palo Alto Animal Services, training their large dogs
since the beginning of March. In their March 18th letter to Palo Alto, Pets in
Need describes no-kill as a philosophy that reserves euthanasia only for
animals that are terminally ill and dangerous to the public. They go on to
explain that Palo Alto should join the ranks of other cities that successfully
operate no-kill shelters. From comments I've seen in the news, from
comments I've heard here tonight from some of you, I think you may be
                                                                       Page 51 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
