                          TRANSCRIPT
to help people get where they need to go faster. Taking a step back at
parking branding. We've seen parking branding for private garages. Just
noting that it's also something that does exist in many other cities. Notably
Pasadena, on the lower level of these drawings, is where our design
consultant also did work. Beverly Hills, other cities all have very distinct
parking brands that, when you drive around and you see that sign, you
know that that's a city garage. It helps build a level of trust, and you know
that that's somewhere that you can go to park off-street. As part of the
parking wayfinding and branding, our design consultant has proposed a
slight renaming of the surface lots and off-street garages in the Downtown
area. As nice as Lot S and Lot X are for us, it makes more sense if it's in a
uniform pattern. What they've suggested is an alphanumeric system from
east to west. The numeric numbers would be the surface lots, and then the
alphabetical would be the parking structures east to west. You know if you
park in Lot A that's a garage. It's a letter, and it's on the easternmost
portion of Downtown. It helps people gauge where they parked directionally
so that they can easily find their way back to where they parked. To start
the parking branding and wayfinding design process, our consultant asked
the stakeholders what is a universally recognizable symbol in Palo Alto. We
all came back to the City logo with the tree that residents and visitors alike
are very familiar with. That's where the consultant started, with the green
color that's recognizable in Palo Alto, and took it through a menu of options
and came up with a few different iterations that we went through, then
coming up with a few designs, the stakeholders vetting them, and then the
designer going back and coming up with some other designs. What they
came up with was a couple of designs that were all in a green color. At the
request of one of the stakeholders, the design consultant also came up with
another color scheme in a blue. The stakeholder requested another color
option just for creativity and to be something different than green. The first
step of vetting these two colors, the green and the blue, was to create field
mockups.        Please don't judge the photos; I'm not a photographer.
Essentially the design consultant sent full designs of three different types of
signage. A huge thanks to Public Works Staff for helping me get these signs
up in the field. We had them installed at three different parking lots
Downtown for the public and for Staff and for the ARB to go out and see in
the field. It was a really great exercise in seeing how these signs would
actually look. This first page is the initially preferred option of green in the
field. What we all noticed when we were in the field is that the green really
blends in with all the trees that we have around Downtown, and it was
difficult to see. While the green signage is still the preferred option by the
majority of stakeholders, consultant, Staff and the ARB felt that it was
difficult to distinguish. We looked then at the blue signage, which stood out.
It was crisp; it was clean and was certainly the preferred option for our
design consultant team, for City Staff, and it was unanimously supported by
                                                                          Page 44 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
