                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: You're looking simply for a name at this point?

Mayor Holman: At this moment, yes please.

Council Member Kniss: I would nominate Pat Burt.

NOMINATION: Council Member Kniss nominated Council Member Burt for
Mayor for 2016.

Mayor Holman: We have two nominations. I see no more lights. Council
Member Filseth, would you care to speak to your nomination?

Council Member Filseth: Sure. As I said, I think in addition to serving as
Vice Mayor this year, Greg also chaired the Finance Committee which is a
critical function for the City. Greg has pushed very hard for us to really
understand the structural nature of the City's finances, which I believe is a
long-term, critical issue. After six years of economic boom, we know that
there's going to be another recession sometime. The time to lay the
foundation is during the good times, not once the crisis arise. Greg thinks
long-term. One of his strengths is his focus on data and numbers and
decision making which will be an excellent orientation as we head into 2016.
In his seven years on Council, Greg has served the City with dedication and
integrity. As Vice Mayor, I believe Greg and the current Mayor made a
strong leadership team this year.       I thought Greg's quantitative bent
together with Karen's expertise and passion on social service made a potent
and balanced combination. There's a lot of talent and passion on this
Council. The job of the Mayor is really to set an environment to get the best
contributions from the entire Council membership, not necessarily come up
with all the ideas. I think Greg would be very good at this. He'll strike the
right balance. He's collaborative, respectful and has demonstrated his ability
to work constructively with everybody. He's ready to take the chair. Finally,
2015 was a bit of a transition year as the Council adjusted direction slightly
in response to some of the City's shifting economic and social challenges. I
think it would be good for the City to get back to the orderly transition of
Vice Mayor to Mayor. This allows the Vice Mayor to work directly with the
Mayor for a year before taking on that role, and that in turn helps us better
serve all of our bosses, the voters of Palo Alto. For all those reasons, I
nominate Greg Schmid for Mayor.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Vice Mayor Schmid, would you care to speak?

Vice Mayor Schmid: I'd love to share my view of the role of the Mayor. The
Mayor represents the Council and the City on public occasions. It would be
an honor for me to do so. The key role for Mayor is as chair of Council.
There are four things that are important there. Number one, identify and
                                                                         Page 2 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/4/16
