                              TRANSCRIPT
goes to Finance, and then it comes to us. That's fine. I'm going to move
that we—I want to make sure that I get the language correct—continue the
Palo Alto CLEAN program for solar energy resources at 16.5 cents per
kilowatt hour for a 20-year contract and 16.5 cents per kilowatt hour for a
25-year contract term, and to continue with the CLEAN program limit for
solar energy resources of three megawatts. I'm probably okay with Part B
because I think that's in line with what our policy was for non-solar eligible,
renewable energy resources. If colleagues want to ...

Mayor Burt: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to:

A.         Adopt a Resolution to:

     i.         Maintain the Palo Alto CLEAN program price for local solar
                energy resources at the current price of $0.165 per kilowatt-
                hour ($/kWh) for a 20-year or 25-year contract term, and
                continue with a program limit of 3 megawatts (MW); and

     ii.        Reduce the Palo Alto CLEAN program price for local non-solar
                eligible renewable energy resources to the updated avoided cost
                of such energy ($0.081/kWh for a 20-year contract term, or
                $0.082/kWh for a 25-year contract term), from the prior avoided
                cost projection ($0.093/kWh for a 20-year contract term, or
                $0.094/kWh for a 25-year contract term), and continue with a
                separate program limit of 3 MW specifically for local non-solar
                eligible renewable resources; and

B.         Approve the amended CLEAN program Power Purchase Agreement
           (PPA) to implement the recommended changes.

Council Member Berman: Just to briefly talk to it. I think a lot of members
of the public have spoken to it. I think we spoke to it 10 months ago. First
of all, the City Council has adopted a policy of four percent locally generated
renewables. As we heard tonight, we're barely a third of the way there.
Even if we get fully subscribed on Palo Alto CLEAN, we'll still be less than 50
percent of the way there. Obviously I think the market has indicated from
previous failed attempts that, if we were to lower the rate 40 percent or
whatever it is, we're not going to get applicants for that remaining 1.7
megawatts for Palo Alto CLEAN. That's a stated Palo Alto goal. There are
times when we subsidize things. We did that earlier tonight, where we're
subsidizing applications that have to do with childcare facilities. We're
subsidizing appeals from residents. There are plenty of times when we do
that, because there are additional, kind of external benefits to the
                                                                         Page 65 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
