                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Cohen: I do know the BID amount off the top of my head, which is
$5,000 per year.     I do not remember the amount from the Parking
Assessment District. Barbara reminds me it's about 90.

Mayor Burt: Ninety thousand?

Mr. Cohen: Right.

Mayor Burt: The sidewalk cleaning, you're saying that is an accomplishment
of the BID because you ...

Mr. Cohen: Because we work closely with the Parking Assessment District
and City Staff. I meet regularly with Public Works Staff.

Mayor Burt: I think it would be a lot better if there was language that was
really more credible in terms of what the role is. That's not the way the
report from the BID reads, I think, to an objective reader. Without the
clarification you just provided, I would have interpreted it that the BID was
paying for the sidewalk cleaning.

Mr. Cohen: Duly noted.

Mayor Burt: Just in general, I mean, that's an example. The same thing
when you reference the Downtown Streets Team. $5,000 toward it is
notable, but that's not a primary portion of the funding.

Mr. Cohen: There are two different funding sources and two different
buckets in which those funding goes. The Parking Assessment District
funding goes specifically to parking garages. The other funding goes to
support their efforts on the Downtown streets.

Mayor Burt: Did I understand you correctly that there's $5,000 coming from
the BID and $90,000 coming from the Assessment District?

Mr. Cohen: Correct.

Mayor Burt: Does the BID do the billing to the members?

Mr. Cohen: This year, we tried a new offsite system with a third-party
vendor. A company called Muni Services, LLC does the invoicing.

Mayor Burt:    What about the collection?    You had talked about first
$131,000 to $140,000. When the question was clarified as to the incoming,
it was $100,000. There's X amount invoiced and Y amount collected.

Mr. Cohen: That's correct.
                                                                          Page 18 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
