                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: We don't have direction from the Council yet. We've got to come
to you. We are coming August 29th. We anticipate having responses and
paperwork and funding options for you, that we do believe are viable. We'll
have multiple options for you. We felt that we needed to come to you with—
first we need to figure out where the Post Office is, the United States Postal
Service. We are trying to figure where our finances are landing. Now that
we have a better idea, we have a handful of options for you to consider for
August.

Mr. Keene: Let me just sort of amplify that. The point is that obviously it's
a very large expenditure and cost. Even though the Postal Service has
tentatively accepted our offer, we're still in the process of refining the terms.
There's not going to be a dramatic difference in the terms, I think, from
what our estimates are. There is no way we have the ability to fund this
whole project even in a nearer-term look at the cash flow that we would
have. We're really—in this case, this is more we've got a series of some
different cash flow scenarios we need to bring to you. That really fits better
in an "outside the budget" conversation. Just because there are probably
three or four different policy choices you would make, that we haven't done
all the research on, on the pros and cons of them, some of this has to do
with even the fact that—ultimately we're going to finance this project. We're
not going to pay cash for it. The question is how much of it do we finance
and do we do bridge financing in the short term. There are a bunch of these
things that we just couldn't come up with a viable number to put in an
appropriation for the project right now.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for that. This is kind of a broad
question.  We've got the balance in the budget using some one-time
solutions. What's your impression of 2018? What are the challenges going
to be?

Mr. Perez: At this point, we know we have to make up the lost revenue
from wherever we end up with the Stanford contract. We know we have to
cover the $2.3 million for the street lights. We're probably looking at
somewhere between $5-10 million potentially that we'll have to cover. The
good thing is that our revenue picture is looking even better than what we
thought in April. There's some assistance there. We have to look at it from
a strategic standpoint. That's where the Committee has asked us to come
back in the fall and do that. As soon as we wrap this up, that's what we
need to focus on, what options we have. As I mentioned in the opening
remarks, we're somewhat fortunate that we have a little more diversified
revenues and options. Some of it will probably be painful, if we have to go
into the reduction. We'll have to try to look at that strategically with the
least impact possible, which is what we did when we cut $14 million the last
                                                                              Page 42 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
