                          TRANSCRIPT
range of issues that you're facing. Of course, you just heard an example of
some comments from the public about are we doing enough, fast enough,
etc. We have the need to establish a new fire services contract with
Stanford University that we're in the process of working through. Longer
term, of course, there could be future changes to the pension plan
assumptions by the Public Employee Retirement System (PERS). We have
not included obviously yet, because hotels are not approved or in existence,
but there is a potential for two new hotels. The TOT associated with that is
not included in this budget. We have the potential acquisition of the
Downtown Post Office that is not included in the CIP itself. We have some
issues to work out in the next few years related to the expansion of the
Junior Museum and Zoo and, in particular, as it relates to what the operating
agreement and the long-term operating costs of the Junior Museum and Zoo
are. We've got the Cubberley Center Master Plan, so we both have some
near-term issues related to potential loss of rental revenue when Foothills
moves out and who we backfill to move back in. We have the question of
using some of the existing funding we now have from the change in the
Covenant Not to Develop being taken out of the lease and put into a sinking
fund for capital investments. We'll be discussing with Finance a few small
investments in that area. We have the much larger question as we work
through over the next few years with the School District, what is the Master
Plan itself for Cubberley and what are the implications for expanded
community center facilities and services at that location. The unfunded
actuarial liability at this time of $439 million for pension for retiree
healthcare trust, $293 million of which is in the General Fund. We have a
number of projects in the Capital Improvement Program (CIP) related to
parks improvements. Some are in the, like the Byxbee Park improvement,
Infrastructure Management Plan. Others are improvements that Community
Services Department (CSD) has provided to us. A number of those I've
moved out to the outer years of the five year capital plan itself. That's all in
advance of even having the completed Parks and Recreation Master Plan.
Sometime, once that's completed, Council's going to be having discussions
about what to do in that area. We have a number of requests related to
City-owned assets operated by not-for-profit organizations, whether that's
Avenidas or whoever. I think we've postponed now until 2020 the unknown
but potential impacts related to the Cadillac healthcare Federal excise tax.
Looking forward, some general comments. One, we've got to manage the
expectations of the City Council. I don't mean the Staff doing that, but we
do have a role in that too, but the community and the Staff. We have a
challenge of ensuring we're a competitive employer of choice. That's just
not a cute idea. What we're able to do is dependent upon the workforce that
we have, whether it's the routine day-to-day services or doing the analytical
work or the community engagement work with neighborhoods and
everything on the kind of change efforts that the community and the Council
                                                                          Page 37 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
