                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: I've experienced that first hand as well. We can certainly look at
that when we move into final design as well and see if there's any geometric
modifications or better signing or striping that would help that.

Mayor Burt: You have the stairway on the north side.             Is there any
consideration to a stairway on the south side going into Paly?

Mr. Mello: We could look at that as well. We did look at the option of
adding a ramp on the south side that would mimic what's on the north side.
That would actually require significant grading and/or acquisition of property
from Paly. We can look at a stairwell; that might be a little less impactful
than a ramp.

Mayor Burt: At the top of Page 4 of the Packet, there's a bullet. This is part
of the project constraints. One says that pedestrian crossings at El Camino
are too far for the students to walk; therefore, requiring a controlled
crossing in between. I have timed the—if a student or anyone waits for the
pedestrian crossing in front of Trader Joe's, we'll call it, for the signal
change, it is a virtual wash versus walking up to the path and coming back
around and having no signal wait. I'm not sure I agree that it is the
constraint that was described there.

Mr. Mello: I've observed, when the signal does turn to "don't walk," quite a
few students actually do make the decision to just walk up and go over the
overpass. Quite a few stay. I do have that video if you want to take a look
at that. We could do it now or we could do it a little bit later. It actually
shows how that—it effectively shows the signal timing that I was explaining
earlier and how the crosswalk is really not the cause of the delay out there.

Mayor Burt: Part of the problem with the internal—the circulation at Paly
feeds to the crosswalk. It doesn't feed to the path. Paly didn't design their
circulation to really facilitate this. Maybe some of those improvements could
be made. Let's see. I think that covers my questions well enough. It'd be
great to see that video real quick. We're going to start with the public right
now.

Mr. Mello: What you're going to see in the video is the—we're looking
towards Stanford, and you'll see the crosswalk in the foreground and the
signal at Town and Country in the background. When the signal at Town
and Country turns red, as soon as the queue from that signal backs up to
the crosswalk, the crosswalk signal turns red. There's only one car that is
delayed by the crosswalk. He actually would have been delayed by the
Town and Country signal anyway if he had made it across the crosswalk.
The green SUV is the only car that's being held up by the crosswalk.

                                                                       Page 78 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
