                         TRANSCRIPT
the map, or finding a way maybe to remove the boundaries from this clause
and make it more general in a way that's appropriate. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I would be concerned about removing the
boundaries because I don't think it should apply to the Research Park. I
think we had that discussion before. In my mind, it's either we keep this or
we do away with 2(c) frankly because it's redundant. I think Staff has
indicated that it makes it more complicated and doesn't really add anything
other than more work for Staff. I don't think I feel hugely strongly about
this actually. I tend to think that making things more redundant and
clogging things up when we do our ordinances is really, just as a policy
matter, a wrong way to go. I think what Staff originally came to us for was
to make all this less complex. If we're not changing policy, I think we
should have cleaner and less complex statutes just as a general rule. With
that, I don't know. I think we need to get to a Motion one way or the other.
I'll move the—what do we call it? Is it a Staff recommendation? I'll move
the Ordinance without 2(c).

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Wolbach
to adopt an Ordinance modifying the Architectural Review (AR) approval
findings including the following change:

A.   Remove Municipal Code Section 18.76.020 (d)(2)(c).

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak more to that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. I haven't heard it from Staff that this would
change policy one way or the other. Since it won't change policy, then I
think the important thing to do is to have it cleaner and less work for Staff.
That makes the most sense. I know there's some sense that if we call it out
here, you will get a different result. Staff is telling us we won't get a
different result; we'll get the same result, just more work and more
complexity. That doesn't make sense to me.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I agree with what Vice Mayor Scharff said.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Findings are one thing, and satisfaction of design
criteria are something different. How would this look when presented, if 2(c)
                                                                         Page 46 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
