                          TRANSCRIPT
take from the case an appreciation of what the judges decided that was
specifically before them. Often that can't be generalized beyond that narrow
point. That can become a subject of debate between lawyers, how broadly
or narrowly a decision can be interpreted. In this particular case, Capistrano
decided to take their recycled water program, which similar to ours served—
it was actually not online at the time that the case was brought. The capital
fund to build it—it was going to serve some customers, not residential. The
funding was then spread across the rate base. There was a challenge to
that, saying that that rate structure was not consistent with the California
Constitution because the service wasn't immediately available, which is the
language in the constitution, and that it was not planned to be available at
all to residential customers. The court said no, it was fine for Capistrano to
make that decision because the benefit of it, in a sense, was system wide.
We know that that particular type of choice is going to, at least as to that
panel of the court of appeal, pass constitutional muster.            It doesn't
necessarily follow that that funding mechanism is required. The court did
not decide that. What the court decided is that the choice that that
jurisdiction made was constitutional. It's much more typical for recycled
water or very specific types of projects like this to be funded in a way that
more tightly links the particular recipients of the service to the cost. That's
what we've done. It certainly is completely legitimate. That court case did
not suggest that there was any problem with the funding provisions that
Palo Alto has entered into with Mountain View or what's proposed before
you. Is that helpful?

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: First of all, let me make sure I heard what I think I
heard. Let me go way, way ahead and talk about potable water. The Vice
Mayor has just made reference to the toilet to the tap, tap to toilet, and so
forth. According to people I heard in Arizona last week at a conference,
indicate that that's a term they're really trying to eradicate. The new term
is—perhaps you can tell me exactly what it is. It involves purification and so
forth. What is the new term?

Mr. Bobel: Most people are referring to the product as purified water. The
ways of delivering it are at first almost always indirect, meaning you go to
the groundwater, and the soil gives it an additional layer of treatment before
it's pumped out again and used. We call that indirect potable reuse. The
type of water is purified water. San Jose sort of invented that to distinguish
it from old-fashioned recycled water which is one less level of treatment.

Council Member Kniss: There was a fair amount of discussion about that
particular conference. The message that came from that conference is how

                                                                        Page 61 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
