                         TRANSCRIPT

Burt indicated, this is an evaluation period, so the ordinance will come back
to the Council at some point, and you'll be able to reconsider some of these
things. The boundaries and the medical office are the two things that were
raised tonight.

10.   Envision Silicon Valley County Sales Tax Measure: North County and
      West Valley Cities Position Advocacy.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Envision Silicon Valley county sales tax
measure and the North County and West Valley cities position advocacy.
Welcome.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: Thank you, Mayor Burt, members of
the City Council. Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager. Perhaps just a quick
tee-up for the item before you at this point. This is an ongoing conversation
involving agencies throughout Santa Clara County. As the Council's aware,
Santa Clara County VTA, Valley Transportation Authority, has been
discussing the proposal of a sales tax for the November ballot. Through the
course of discussion with a number of cities in the West Valley and North
County, the Rail Committee considered an advocacy position that identifies
potential funding framework within a set of conceptual categories that could
be used as a starting point for discussion with both VTA and other key
stakeholders in development of the ballot measure. What we have before
you this evening is a recommendation from the Committee that the Council
consider and provide direction to your advocates, whether they be through
Staff at the technical advisory committee, with other cities through the
Mayor and City Manager, and other venues through which the sales tax
proposals are being discussed and will ultimately come together through in
all likelihood VTA Board action toward placing an item on the November
countywide ballot. With that, Mayor, back to you for Council discussion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. This shared position which has been the result of a
group of North and West County cities have discussion over the last what?
Six months.      Under Council Member Holman's term as Mayor, these
discussions were commenced, and she represented us through much of the
second half of last year as this was emerging. It really came about because
of concerns over the need to better address the transportation needs of
North and West County cities. As we've discussed as a Council, our greatest
priority has been about trying to make sure that this prospective tax
measure be a very strong funding source for Caltrain and in particular for
future grade separations. We've seen that somewhat for a first time, this
group of cities has had its voice elevated, but we also should acknowledge
                                                                       Page 71 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
