                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I apologize, because earlier I'd said I had two
amendments. I only got to one. Nobody's fault but my own. On Packet
Page 139, there is a list of referral items at the request of the Finance
Committee. It's in the middle of the page; there are five bullets there. I
would offer as an amendment to the maker and seconder of the motion to,
the first bullet, review sworn versus non-sworn staffing for cost savings and
enhanced services and increased revenues, refer that to Staff. The third
bullet—I'm sorry, the second bullet, refer to Policy and Services, identify
options for increasing Human Services resource allocation process or HSRAP
funding and in Fiscal Year 2018 potentially increase to $667,000 level, which
reflects a 2.5 percent cost of living increase annually from Fiscal Year 2002
levels. This is in the Staff Report. I'm hoping that David can pick it up.
Three, refer to—this is the fourth bullet, refer to Policy and Services
Committee to explore low-income fee program specifically with regards to
Community Services. Those three bullets to be referred. First bullet to
staff. Second bullet to Policy and Services (P&S). Fourth bullet to P&S.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Isn't the first bullet already to Staff? I thought we were
already reviewing the sworn versus non-sworn.

Mr. Perez: Yes, we're reviewing that. We're moving forward with that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I thought. That's already in there.

Council Member Holman: If that's already included, then it's just the second
and fourth bullets.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't agree with the second bullet. I think that's too
much money and it would lock—so no on the second bullet.

Council Member Holman: I'll offer it as a freestanding amendment then.

Mayor Burt: I will second that.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
add to the Motion,

C.    Refer to the Policy and Services Committee, to identify options for
      increasing HSRAP funding in Fiscal Year 2018; and potentially increase
      HSRAP funding to the $667,000 level which reflects a 2.5 percent cost
      of living increase annually from Fiscal Year 2002 levels; and

                                                                            Page 60 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
