                         TRANSCRIPT
because we have a lot of other unfunded needs potentially, which we
wouldn't have lots of options towards.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach and then I'm—sorry. You still have
something else?

Council Member Schmid: I still have a comment to make. I think the
building is a wonderful building. It's a pleasure to see in the Baylands.
Walking by there, I hear people commenting on it. It's a pleasure to go in
and see it. It's remarkable that the EV group was able to raise the funding
for doing that. I take very seriously the commitment to the public. It's not
just the public walking by and seeing it, but having an opportunity to
participate in it. I guess with that in mind, I know the City has invested in
some of its other properties such as a historical museum and other aspects
where there are public-private partnerships. It does make sense the City
participate and, rather than having a transfer of an issue from one area of
the City to another, it would be cleaner and more direct for the City to have
a direct participation in it. I will be supporting the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, and then I'm going to want to speak
because I haven't spoken to the topic, the Motion or the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Speaking to the Substitute Motion, a couple of
questions for Staff. We passed up an opportunity for a TDR on another
project not long ago. I'm trying to remember off the top of my head how
much that was that we decided to spend City funds on instead of using a
TDR.

Mr. Perez: About $2.5 million for Avenidas if my memory's right.

Council Member Wolbach: You add this to that, and now we're getting closer
to $3 million combined if we were to pass on this one. What is the size of
the Council's discretionary Budget per annum?

Mr. Perez: I believe you're talking about the Council Contingency.

Council Member Wolbach: That's the one. Thank you.

Mr. Perez: That's $250,000.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I thought. We're talking about
tonight rather than using the TDR, spending more than our contingency
amount per year. I will not be supporting the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt: I'll lump together some of my comments on the project as a
whole as well as the Substitute Motion. First on the project as a whole, I
                                                                           Page 20 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
