                          TRANSCRIPT
the quality of life in Palo Alto by mitigating the impacts of future growth and
development assuming job growth below Scenario Two."

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, if I could just ask a follow-up question to that? I
think that's great and clear direction. The question is whether you could
articulate how we might accomplish that beyond what you've said in Number
Five? (crosstalk)

Vice Mayor Scharff: (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: First we have to make sure the maker accepts it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then I'm not going to accept that. What I really want
you to do is to come up with—I don't want to tell you how we come up with
that. If you can come up with it, great. I think assuming isn't—I would say
"and look at job growth below Scenario Two." I'm not going to tell you how
to do that. There may not be a mechanism to do that or there may be.
You're the planner.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to Motion Part B, “assuming job growth below Scenario 2”
after “growth and development.”

Mayor Burt: I think we need to give more direction on our intent, and
maybe the wording that was proposed is not perfect on that.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, if I can respond to that? I think we are pretty
clear in the Staff Report about the policy levers that we included already in
Scenario 2 which has the lowest job growth, and some additional levers that
could be included to reduce job growth further. Some of them are scary
things. We're talking about down-zoning commercial areas of Palo Alto
where property owners have an expectation of floor area ratio. I think we
need to know from the Council just how aggressive you want us to be and
whether those ideas we posited in the Report are things you want to pursue
or whether you want to try and do it through this regulation of employment
densities.

Mayor Burt: May I offer a location where maybe that belongs better in
"five?" If it was to say "evaluate mechanisms for regulating employment
below Scenario Two." Say "including densities in existing buildings." Does
that capture your intent?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

                                                                         Page 63 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
