                         TRANSCRIPT
just walking in the area that the applicants are from. I would agree it's a
lovely area, and it does even feel separated. I think tonight the correct
thing is to deny the request.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The point has been made that the last three of
these we've had discussions at Council have become very contentious. The
votes are close. People change their minds. We end up neighbors arguing
with neighbors, instead of the City having clear guidelines. I think there's a
good case to be made that Staff recommends approval of this. Let me note
the issues in this that stand out. The original petition met the minimum.
Now, that's what our rules say. If the petition meets the minimum, we
should approve it. We have this thing about people changing their mind. It
takes to time to get here, and people change their mind. In this case, it's
particularly important because it has CC&R. That means that everyone who
bought a house in that area got a deed that said this is a single-story
neighborhood. That's a pretty convincing case that the intention of the
neighborhood was clearly stated in the deed, and everyone who purchased
it, who looked at his deed saw that that was the rules of the game. I
thought it was also very prominent here that two new buyers came in and
added their name to the petition. In other words, they're buying into a
neighborhood that had these very protections, that they're buying into. That
to me is very convincing evidence. I think the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC), while they rejected the Staff recommendation, made a
very important point, that the process and system we have isn't working.
People don't know what the rules of the game are. People change. New
arguments come up, and they come back and forth. We end up with this
page that shows four reversals over six months, four months. We need
Eichler design guidelines. We have what, over 1,000 homes now in single-
story Eichler neighborhoods. We have others petitioning to get in. They are
a distinct style done by a well-known architect, that are now over 50 years
old, and they are in market demand. What is it about them? Is it just
single-story overlay or something about the character of life? Are there
rules that we could get from working through the design guidelines, that can
help neighbor and neighbor talk together of how to work out these things? I
would make an alternate Motion that we continue this item to a later date so
it can be discussed in conjunction with the Council's earlier direction to
explore Eichler zoning or design guidelines.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.




                                                                       Page 64 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
