                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
Rita Vrhel.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, the agenda description for
next week's Closed Session on conference with labor negotiators, Council-
Appointed Officers’ CAO compensation, lists the agency negotiators as Mayor
and Council Members. The Brown Act requires that the actual names of the
negotiators be listed on the agenda or identified at the meeting prior to your
going into Closed Session. If the agency negotiators are different for
different Council-Appointed Officers, then the negotiators who would be
meeting with each CAO need to be identified separately. Although, the
Brown Act provides an exception that permits you to meet in Closed Session
with your negotiators, there is no exception that permits an agency's labor
negotiators to meet in Closed Session with the other party to the negotiation
if the labor negotiators constitute a quorum of a legislative body subject to
the Brown Act. Therefore, the negotiators who will be meeting with each
CAO cannot include more than four members of the City Council nor more
than two members of each of your four-member Committees nor more than
one member of the your three-member CAO Committee. For example,
Mayor Burt and Council Member Kniss were able to be designated as your
negotiators on a prior meeting agenda because they do not constitute a
quorum of either the Council or any of its Committees.            Committees
consisting of both Staff and Council Members are subject to the Brown Act.
That is to permit private labor negotiations with organizations that represent
employees to occur, only Staff but not Staff plus Council Members are the
City's negotiators. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by
our final speaker, Mark Mollineaux. Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: Hello. First I wanted to congratulate Council Member Berman on
his election and also Council Member Kniss. In September, I came before
this body and indicated that the property at 181 Heather was pumping at a
rate of 1,050 gallons per minute using two hoses. To date, per meter
reading by Leo and Public Works while I was onsite had totaled 54 million
gallons.   Saveplaoaltosgroundwater.org met with Mr. Bobel a couple of
weeks ago. We learned that actually this figure was off by 52 million
gallons. How did that happen? When this body met in February of this year
and Council Member Schmid kept asking for metering of the extracted
groundwater during construction of residential basements to be placed in the
directions to Public Works, he probably thought as did we that the
groundwater extracted would be measured accurately. However, Public
Works did not install the meters. In fact, we were told that there was not
actually a standard for the meters. Several of the different projects had
                                                                         Page 4 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
