                          TRANSCRIPT
      (Hazardous Materials Management Plan) and 17.16.025 (Supplemental
      Requirements for Emergency Response Plans) and f. Chapter 17.20
      (Hazardous Materials Inventory) Section 17.20.020 (Information
      required). Environmental Assessment: As a Regulatory Action That
      Would Modify the List of Permitted Uses in Industrial Zones to Protect
      the Health and Life Safety of Palo Alto Residents, the Proposed
      Ordinances are Categorically Exempt From Review Under Section
      15308 (Class 8, Actions for Protection of the Environment) of the State
      Guidelines for the California Environmental Quality Act.

Mayor Burt: We can now move on to Item Number Eight which is a Public
Hearing about the adoption of two Ordinances.              First, an Ordinance
amending the Palo Alto Municipal Code Regulations related to hazardous
materials use, storage and handling in the Office, Research and
Manufacturing Zoning Districts and nonconforming uses and facilities.
Second, the Ordinance regarding amortization of nonconforming uses at
Communications Power Industries LLC, CPI, located at 607-811 Hanson Way
including amendments to the Municipal Code that affect the following
sections and can be reviewed at the Planning Department Office. I will just
read those sections for the record: Chapter 18.04, Definitions, Section
18.04.030(66) (A) and (B) and 1.2.7. Chapter 18.20, Office, Research and
Manufacturing. This is a really long list; I'm going to let the record speak for
itself. Director Gitelman, did you want to begin this?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:              Yes.
Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm Hillary Gitelman, the
Planning Director. As the Mayor indicated, this evening we're considering
two Ordinances. First, I wanted to start by thanking the Council for your
direction back in November. We had a very substantive conversation with
the Council back in November and we got some really good direction from
you. It was very clear. Since then, we've proceeded to move forward
pursuant to that direction with a hearing at the Planning Commission and
development of the Ordinances that you see before you this evening. Before
I start, let me thank Rod Jeung who continues to support us. He's our
consultant from AECOM. Also Meg Monroe, Joe Afong, the City Attorney and
others in the City family have helped bring the Ordinances to this point. This
evening we're going to be discussing just an overview; kind of the
objectives; what we're here tonight to do; recap of the Council's direction
and the Planning and Transportation Commission's recommendation which
happened in January; also some background information; what got us here
today; the Code provisions that we're proposing to put in place; and next
steps. The objectives of the two Ordinances that are before you are to
address the potential risks of offsite impacts from hazardous materials users
in the City of Palo Alto, focusing on the industrial areas of the City. We're at
                                                                          Page 23 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
