                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I didn't take out your site and design. I just put
in my architectural—what I find to be the architectural review findings.

Council Member DuBois: If you could say the following site and design
findings. Thank you. I'll accept that amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER “Council cannot make
Architectural Review (AR) Finding Numbers 2, 4, 5, and 6. The Sherman
Avenue and El Camino Real street faces cannot make Finding 1.”

Council Member Holman: Hang on a second.

Mayor Burt: I don't see where the site and design findings (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: Those aren't site and design findings. Mine are
Architectural Review Board findings; mine are ARB findings. If you want to
have in here that you can't make the site and design findings and stipulate
why, then fine. The ARB findings are the numbers.

Council Member DuBois: The site and design findings were basically that it's
not detrimental from a health, safety, welfare or convenience perspective.

Mayor Burt: Our site and design findings, there are three different ones.
I'm sorry. Four. Which number are you referring to in site and design?

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry. What page are you looking at?

Mayor Burt: Staff Report 63 and 64.       Where were you looking?        Is that
where you were looking?

Council Member DuBois: I was looking at the characteristics of one. I've
seen it written in a different way, which was again public's health, safety,
welfare, convenience are not detrimentally impacted. Maybe Cara can help
me on ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Where are you reading that?

Council Member DuBois: Are these the site findings on Page 63?

Ms. Silver: Yes, 63 through 64 are the four site and design review findings.
The ARB findings appear right after that in Section 4 of the draft Resolution.
I also heard you talk about the conditional use permit findings, which are
listed on Packet Page 69, Section 5 of the Resolution.



                                                                       Page 55 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
