                          TRANSCRIPT
the middle school athletics in the presentation there, you showed it as
overcapacity. I just wanted to take a second to understand that a little bit
more of how that program works. This is mostly for Rob. We provide those
as services, and they're the school teams. Is there an inherent conflict
between the idea that everyone plays? We have limited capacity; we charge
for access; we use school facilities, gyms and things. Do we need to work
with the schools on how we'd run those? Are they offered in line with kind of
State law about scholarships and things for extracurricular activities? How is
that all handled?

Mr. de Geus: There's a long history with the middle athletic program. A
long time ago, before I started with the City, the School District did run
middle school athletics internally. I'm sure they did it with parents. At
some point, this is what I understand, they could no longer afford to keep
the program going. The City stepped in and partnered with the School
District to continue the afterschool athletic program. Over the last decades I
have been here, the School District has backed away from that partnership.
Not in a negative way, but just backed away from it and had the City take
over more and more responsibility for running the program. To the point of
today, the City really urns the programs. We hire all the coaches, train all
the coaches, and manage the program as part of a league. The School
District provides the space, the gym space, the fields, and so forth.

Council Member DuBois: Is that something we should be working with the
schools on more? Is there an opportunity for scholarships for kids who want
to play?

Mr. de Geus: There isn't scholarships, but the City has a fee reduction
program. It's part of City programs; all of our programs have that ability
where families with low income can get a 50 percent reduction up to $300, I
believe, is the program. I think we can strengthen the partnership with the
schools on this program for sure. I'd like to see more teaching Staff and
physical (phys.) education (ed.) Staff in particular be part of the program
and be coaching in the program and actually have that as part of the
partnership.

Council Member DuBois: Don't a lot of teachers coach?

Mr. de Geus: Not a lot, but some and some schools more than others. I'd
like to see it sort of written into the sort of partnership that that is
something that's encouraged. We'd like to engage the School District in
deepening that partnership.

Council Member DuBois: Maybe it's just where we are in the process. It felt
like some of this was kind of open-ended in terms of being in fiscal reality. I
                                                                       Page 100 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
