                          TRANSCRIPT
which in essence would mean we are approving a potential breaking of the
50-foot height limit?

Mr. Lait: I just wanted to clarify ownership of the parking structure. It is the
City's parking structure. Any request for office would be approved by this
Council.

Council Member Schmid: The Ordinance that set it up said other uses that
may be made from space deemed unusable for parking include office space
above the ground floor. Unfortunately for 445 Bryant, the Ordinance says
office use can be used at the discretion of the owner.

Mr. Lait: The City is the owner. I guess I'm not understanding the question.
If you want office on the parking structure, there's a dialog that would take
place about that. If you don't want office on the structure, then this Council
would be the ones endorsing that.

Council Member Schmid: I'm just saying five or 10 years from now, new
Council, new issues, will look back on what we voted. It seems to me what
we're voting is that if they wanted to use that space for something else, they
could put in office above the ground floor. We are breaking the height limit
for potential office space.

Mr. Lait: I think I understand the concern. There's nothing about the
conversation today that would, one, alter the PC that's been in place since
2000.    The vendor that is seeking the solar panels doesn't have an
agreement with the City to create an office space underneath the panels or
anywhere else.

Council Member Schmid: Could I ask the Legal Department? Are we voting
the potential for something to take place that we're not anticipating?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. The action you are taking today does not authorize
in any way the conversion of the parking spaces to office. There are several
precautions in the existing PC Ordinance and existing laws that would
prevent that conversion. The most obvious is that the parking spaces are
part of the assessment district, and they're all accounted for. We can't take
any parking spaces out of the assessment district unless those spaces are
replaced. Second, the lease agreement with the tenant, who is going to be
operating the energy facility, does not permit the parking spaces to be used
for office. That's really what is before you tonight. The lease agreement
simply does not allow for that.


                                                                         Page 40 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
