                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: That sort of sounds like the right kind of zone. I
actually used to live on Embarcadero, at the corner of Embarcadero and
Emerson, 25 years ago when there was radar enforcement there. There was
one day when the study—there was a study. The next day the speed traps
were all gone and never came back. People argued over that, should we
raise the speed limit or not. The thing that struck me when I was reading
through this is you guys are saying, "Where should we take this?" The thing
that really struck me was a real focus on what problem are we going to solve
here. I think that would help a lot with the community outreach too. If
we've got too many accidents on this stretch of street, then we're going to
raise the speed limit to enable radar enforcement, and we have this team
that's going to come out here and do it, so that there's a consistent program
to do that. I think that's good. If it's a question of we've got a mismatch
between the speed limits on all of these streets and the 85 percentile, so
we're going to rationalize that, I think that's a much more ambiguous kind of
thing for folks. As you go out to the community, a real concrete focus on
what problem we're going to solve and also what's the whole plan to do it
and by when, even if it's fewer segments, it's like we're only going to do
these five segments first and get to the rest of the City later, I think that
would be really good. I live in Downtown North. The whole Middlefield
corridor is an interesting experiment. The City went ahead and put up these
signs that say you can't do left turns at these hours, and yet there's no
enforcement out there and everybody knows it. A lot of people in Downtown
North go yeah, yeah, because we didn't actually solve the problem. We put
up some signs, but people still back up to turn left at rush hour. As you go
out with the community, if you can go, "Here's what we're going to do here,
here and here. Here's how it's going to happen, and here's the timeframe,"
I think you'd have a very successful community outreach process if you did
that. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. It's a little bit hard to get your mind
around some of this. As Council Member Filseth was just saying, given that
we've put some things in place physically in the community such as the no
left turn blah, blah, blah, but there's not any enforcement. No matter what
we do here, if there's no enforcement, if we don't have Staff to enforce it,
there's nobody running the radar, we've just raised the speed limits. Is
there any program or plan for increasing staffing to implement enforcement?

Mr. Keene: If I might jump in. Just a couple of clarifications. First of all,
it's not that we're not doing enforcement of traffic in the City, first of all. I'll
come back to that in a second. The second is I think there was some
misreporting perhaps in some of the media about the sense that the City
                                                                              Page 38 of 64
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/21/16
