                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Could we argue a little bit here between each other? I feel like
this is one of the best conversations the Council has had as it relates to the
Comp Plan about getting to the nub of the direction you want to see the City
going in. Yet, we're not there yet. What has been happening is we've been
developing some fairly fleshed out things, and we kind of come back. You
can go that's not quite right. We put a lot of effort into that, and the need
for a fifth scenario is a perfect example of that. I don't think we can go back
with this idea of developing anything to the degree of what we have here
already. What we need to be able to come back and say is, "Let's see. If
we had this level of jobs and this"—take the range of housing that you have
under the—the highest range of housing we have is a 15 percent increase
over the next 15 years in the housing from the baseline. If you accepted
something like that as a scenario, that's one percent more housing per year
over 15 years. What would that start to look like as far as either mitigation
conditions you might roughly want to think about? Same thing on the office
side. You could really come back—I don't mean to be presumptuous. I
think it's pretty clear where the Council is tending to want to go on less
office and some degree of housing. The sooner we could get to that
specifically, the better we could really start to imagine how we could both
have those things happen in the Plan ultimately. Then try to say, "What are
the other things we need to do to try to mitigate those things over time?"
Then the TDM issues and if we end up having tax measures to fund things,
all those things start to come together in a more meaningful way. I still
think we need to come back a little bit more vaguely but with more meat on
the bone about what is going to happen sooner than later. Then you give us
more specific direction and say, "That's what we're looking for." I'm afraid
that we would try to figure out right now again what the best one of those
would be. We could still come back and you would say that wasn't quite it.

Ms. Gitelman: If I can just make sure again we're on the page. We're
trying to figure out what it is that we would analyze for you as a fifth
scenario. I hope that's consistent with what you're saying. Are you saying
we're going to analyze a bunch of stuff and then we're going to come back?

Mr. Keene: I don't think the Council's in agreement. I'm sorry to be this
presumptuous.      I think there is a majority of the Council that would
ultimately say, particularly if we can't significantly mitigate it or completely
mitigate it, "We clearly want a jobs number that is less than what we have in
any of the scenarios right now, growing in some fashion."               We also
understand there's a need for housing, and there may be a range of opinions
that the Council has about what that housing number would be. Again, to
the extent that some of those things can be mitigated, it allows some
flexibility at what that level would be. You could almost pretty quickly get
that clear, and then you direct us to go out and really flesh out everything.
                                                                          Page 61 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
