                         TRANSCRIPT
concept that after three years of proving where you are on that, if there are
all these unused parking spaces, I would hate to say you actually can't lease
to a restaurant use if that's what you wanted to do after we've proven that
there's a lot of vacant spaces in the building. I was just curious if that's
something you can put in the CUP or how you would go about dealing with
that so they wouldn't have to come back to Council if they could actually
prove that three years running there's been 30, 40 empty spaces or
whatever there is, and parking's not being used because our TDM is
successful.

Mr. Lait: I think there are probably some mechanisms in the Code that
would allow the Director to adjust or modify parking. I don't know that
restaurant is—I think it'd be a good question for the applicant. I don't know
how much the margin is for restaurants.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wasn't suggesting they have to do a restaurant. I just
thought if they wanted—I was just giving them more flexibility if they could
actually prove it. Frankly, it does seem inconsistent in my head to say I
want it fully parked and I want a 30 percent TDM project. We're sort of at
that place where the community's concerned about whether or not the TDM
really works. I don't think we're ready to take that leap of faith that you
don't have to have that amount of parking. Are we making motions yet or
not?

Mayor Burt: You can.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did notice that we're at 8:30 P.M. I think we're
supposed to be 8:15 P.M., so I'll try and move this along. I would move that
we approve the project with the CUP but with a condition that it has to be all
ground-floor retail, and that the project has to be fully parked, and that it
has to have a robust TDM program that would include a 30 percent reduction
in trips. Do I need to include that you should have transit passes and all of
that? The Director basically does that is my understanding. I will just say a
robust TDM program.

Mayor Burt: I will second it, but I'm going to have an amendment.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to:

A.   Approve the Initial Study/Mitigated Negative           Declaration        and
     Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program; and

B.   Approve the Record of Land Use Action approving the Site and Design
     Review, Conditional Use Permit and Architectural Review application to
     allow the construction of a three story, mixed-use development, with
                                                                       Page 45 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
