                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Could I just clarify your Motion? Are you saying we
wouldn't be able to comment on the fiscalization of land use study or do you
...

Council Member Holman: No, I'm not saying that at all.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What your Motion would do is it would allow us to
comment on everything we were planning on commenting on tonight, but it
would keep the EIR comment period open to when we finish Scenarios 5 and
6 and let us do it holistically. I'll second that.

Council Member Holman: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to reopen the public comment period for the Comprehensive Plan Draft
Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) to run concurrently with the public
comment period for Scenarios 5 and 6.

Mayor Burt: I think we don't need to have a Motion that we would be
allowed to comment on "5" and "6." That's ...

Council Member Holman: I just wanted to be clear that I wasn't trying to
foreclose that. That's the only reason I included that.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, could I just offer some perspective and a
possible alternative? Preparing a Final EIR is always part recordkeeping and
part analysis. We have to keep track of all the comments we receive and
ensure we respond to them. I wonder if Council Member Holman would be
satisfied if we received direction from you this evening and agreed to, when
we have the comment period on Scenarios 5 and 6, reopen the comment
period on these other scenarios. It's just going to be logistically difficult for
us to keep track of every comment between now and then. It becomes a
paperwork problem for us. We could certainly make that commitment and
receive comments at that time on all of the scenarios.

Council Member Holman: I'm doing the devil's advocate thing in my head
here. Excuse me just for a second. A question then. Would comments
received between now and—I think you said fall would be when "5" and "6"
would be complete. Would comments received between—thank you for your
comment. Would comments received between now and then on the current
and existing DEIR not help inform what the CAC and the Council would be
considering or in what context the Council might be considering the
Comprehensive Plan itself?
                                                                             Page 66 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
