                          TRANSCRIPT
feasible. We also support many other strategies mentioned in the Staff
Report, such as steps to support co-housing and accessory units. Park
restrictions should be reduced for accessory units. Additionally, we support
minimum densities for certain zone districts such as RM-15. We would like
to see the Fry's site included as part of the transit-oriented zone surrounding
California Avenue. We do not support removing South El Camino Real sites
from the housing inventory since sensitively designed affordable housing
could actually enhance this part of our community for everyone's benefits.
In general, in order to allow homebuilders and citizens to choose the most
effective tools for a given site, we recommend that the City provide a flexible
toolkit rather than set immutable requirements. In certain cases, this might
even include exceeding the height limit in transitory unit areas where the
effect will be to create more openness and community at those sites.
Although our comments tonight are primarily focused on affordable housing,
increasing the overall housing stock can slow the upward pressure of rents
and prices for all income levels. We'll hope you'll support efforts for a
diversity of housing types tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bonnie Packer, to be followed
by Robert Moss. Welcome.

Bonnie Packer: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm not
here to represent the CAC, even though I'm on it. They did a great job
summarizing our 24 different views. I'm speaking for myself as a citizen of
south Palo Alto and an advocate for affordable housing and as a member of
the board of Palo Alto Housing which is a major provider of affordable
housing in the City. There really are a lot of great proposals in the Staff
Report. I hope you consider all of these or most of these, if we're going to
continue to have Palo Alto be vibrant and economically diverse. The issue I
want to speak to, however, is the proposal or the idea to consider moving
some of the housing site inventories from San Antonio Road, between
Charleston Road and Middlefield Road and South El Camino Real. This idea
came up before we knew about what Mountain View was thinking about in
the North Bayshore precise plan. In November of last year, they said, "Let's
look at 10,000 units there." I think what's going to happen is that there will
be more services in south Palo Alto and along San Antonio Road, and we
should consider that before we prematurely decide to remove those housing
sites from that area. I think what you might want to consider doing—I don't
know if it's feasible—have some kind of cross-jurisdictional relationship with
Mountain View for that area, perhaps a coordinated are plan or some such
vehicle to look at what might be happening in that area. When you increase
the density of people, you're going to provide the support for good transit to
connect to Caltrain and to connect to the buses on El Camino Real. There is
shopping there; there are services there. I know; I live in south Palo Alto,
                                                                        Page 58 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
