                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm going to be brief. Under most of those use cases, it's real
simple. Get your own bike. It works better. It's really the way to go. Let's
not make this thing over-complicated. There are certain use cases that are
really right for bike share programs, and there are a lot of other use cases
where you ride your own bike. Most of them, I would say, for those of us in
town. We can over-analyze this and steer it sideways from what it's actually
focused on. I think we should stay on its intended purposes and judge it on
that basis. Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously on a 9-0 vote.
Thank you all. We look forward to hearing back on it.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

13.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Urgency Ordinance Amending the
      Urgency Interim Ordinance (Ordinance 5325 Extended by Ordinance
      5330) Preserving Ground Floor Retail Uses on a Citywide Basis to Allow
      Educational Uses on the Ground Floor of Parcels Zoned RT-35 Along
      Alma Street and Finding the Amendment Exempt From Review Under
      the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Pursuant to State
      CEQA Guidelines Section 15061(b)(3).

Mayor Burt: Our final item is adoption of an Urgency Ordinance amending
the urgency interim Ordinance which preserved ground-floor retail uses on a
Citywide basis and would now allow educational uses on the ground floor of
parcels zoned RT-35 along Alma and finding the amendment exempt from
CEQA. Welcome, Director Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. As you know, the City Council has adopted an Urgency Ordinance
to preserve ground-floor retail uses throughout the City. In late August, we
heard from several property owners who have found this Citywide approach
problematic. They are property owners who have ground-floor spaces that
are outside of our commercial cores.        At that time, the City Council
suggested that we allow educational uses on Alma Street where two of the
properties were located. We've prepared a draft Ordinance that would make
that happen. This Ordinance is very specific. It would not change other
terms of the Urgency Ordinance which would remain in effect until April of
next year.    Between now and then, we'll be bringing two permanent
Ordinances back to you, one about Downtown and one about the balance of
the City. We're looking for your support this evening on this very limited
modification to the existing Urgency Ordinance. I'd be happy to answer any
questions.



                                                                    Page 100 of 104
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/4/16
