                          TRANSCRIPT
October 31st. Then, those cities would be eligible to sell all of the naming
rights to the system in order to help recoup some of the cost. We'll be
getting free operations in entirety for the 350 bicycles.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have one top level question. I think when you
talked to us before, we were talking about SoBi. Why isn't SoBi operating
the system? Why is Motivate involved?

Mr. Mello: This is kind of our dream scenario. Back in October of 2015, as a
group Redwood City, Mountain View, Palo Alto decided that the smart dock
system was not appropriate for the Peninsula. It's not high density enough.
The capital costs are a lot more intensive. The one issue with going with a
SoBi system and creating an entirely new Peninsula bike share system was
that we would then have to set up some type of organizational entity to
oversee operations.       We would also require folks to secure new
memberships. People in San Francisco would not be able to come and use
our system with the membership that they had.

Council Member DuBois: SoBi doesn't do that themselves?

Mr. Mello: No. If we had gone with a SoBi system with a separate operator
or had SoBi operate it, we would not be able to be part of the greater Bay
Area Bike Share System without some type of agreement between our sub-
regional bike share system and the larger Bay Area Bike Share System.
With what's before you this evening, a bike share member in San Francisco
will be able to come to Palo Alto and use our system. Palo Altans who have
a membership will be able to go to San Jose, Oakland and Berkeley and use
that system. There will be complete interoperability, but we have the
flexibility and the lower cost of the SoBi system.

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Kniss mentioned Google. I
actually had the same question. Have we talked to Google about how they
financially look at their bike share and kind of this idea of having ugly bikes
and you don't worry about theft and have really low operating costs? Did we
look at that as an option?

Mr. Mello: I believe Palo Alto tried that a couple of decades ago. I forget.
It was the white bikes. I've heard stories about it. I think a lot of them
were lost, disappeared. I don't know that we would want the responsibility
of responding to complaints about bikes that were abandoned on the side of
the road. We would then be put in the place of maintaining the bicycles.
                                                                        Page 89 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
