                          TRANSCRIPT
Road and Highway 280 that I wanted to let you all know about. The options
they were considering were very limited. Signalization in the nearer term at
Page Mill and 280 was not proposed by County Staff. They said that the
budget they were working with for the short term wouldn't accommodate it.
Most of the attendees seemed very supportive of adding some kind of
signalization, especially if it would only stop car traffic when a pedestrian or
biker pressed a button. Also, of course, slowing Page Mill Road speeds
would help with safety there. County Roads and Airport Staff—I think the
same Staff member who presented to us last year—told me when I asked
about the long-term plans, separately from the nearer-term discussion, that
they wouldn't make any major improvements in the long term to the
interchange at Page Mill and 280 unless Page Mill got widened. I pressed
her on it, and she said a 20 percent reduction of traffic on Page Mill would
suffice. She didn't seem to recognize that that was actually possible through
Transportation Demand Management. When I asked if she had any sense of
what Stanford was working on regarding Transportation Demand
Management at the Research Park, she really hadn't. She clarified for me
County Roads and Airports Department can add lanes, bike lanes, High-
Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lanes but not TDM. When I asked her if basically
they can do infrastructure but not programs, she confirmed. Essentially
County Roads and Airports does hardware; they don't do software. It's a
classic example of if every problem you have is—sorry. If all you have in
your toolbox is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail. This is important
when looking at the expressway proposals, whether locally or regionally,
that have been driven by County Roads and Airports.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A couple of things. I visited our Sister City, Tsuchiura,
in Japan. Their Mayor sends his greetings to our Mayor and wishes us well.
They were incredibly hospitable. I ran their marathon, and there's lots of
pictures and that kind of stuff if anyone wants to see it. The second thing is
I was at the ABAG/Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC)
Administrative Joint Committee, talking about the merger. The committee
voted overwhelmingly to consolidate all staff functions of ABAG over at MTC,
but have two Boards. The MTC Board would be the primary Board, and
ABAG would retain its functions and autonomy and oversight under current
statutory policies and would work with the MTC Executive Director. There
would be no more ABAG Executive Director. That seems to be the direction
that that is moving.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.



                                                                          Page 66 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
