                         TRANSCRIPT
and putting in a new Ordinance. Isn't the reality actually it's several
ordinances, that you'd have a different Ordinance for Downtown and you'd
have a different Ordinance for Midtown commercial, you'd have a different
ordinance for El Camino? It would be actually more than one Ordinance,
what we're thinking about.

Ms. Gitelman: I guess the idea that I was just articulating was that we
would do Downtown as a separate Ordinance just like we did Cal. Ave.
Because we don't have time to do Midtown and Charleston and all the
others, we could lump them all into a ...

Vice Mayor Scharff:     It depends on your priorities.      If we said drop
everything else, you could do it. I assume you could.

Ms. Gitelman: We could certainly evaluate our ability to do more than one
or two ordinances, but it's ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's assume what you're saying is correct. What I'm
really hearing is you could prioritize Downtown and maybe add SOFA into it,
and then there's a couple of other little things that you've added in here. I
forgot exactly what they were. They were things like—anyway, there's a
couple of other things you've added. That's sort of the scope of what you
thought we could do. That gets us to the other ordinance that how do we
maintain the status quo, which I think is where Tom was getting to. What I
heard you say as a possibility—I wanted to make sure I understood this—is
that we could pass another Ordinance, which we could either make interim
or not interim until we have time to look at the other areas. That Ordinance
would, for instance, just have a different standard for an appeal. Basically
we could say we don't want no conversion Ordinance without a CUP, for
instance. You could do that, and that has to come to Council or it has to go
to the Director or whatever you want to do. Is that within your scope of
what you believe we could get done before the 17th? Obviously that would
be a really important part, to maintain the status quo on areas we haven't
had a chance to look at.

Ms. Gitelman: What we discussed today is that if we proceed expeditiously,
we understand the Council's direction and we have a clear set of priorities,
we could potentially undertake a Downtown Ordinance and then some other
ordinance that addressed those areas of the City that had not been yet
addressed. We'd have to talk about what exactly that would look like.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's a fourth Ordinance we sort of talked about,
which I would call core retail and retail-like, which would be the notion that
we'd go back and look in our definitions and say on University Avenue, on
California Avenue we want real retail. We don't want nail salons, for
                                                                       Page 53 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
