                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Did Staff look at limitation on the number of
restaurants in the Downtown area?

Mr. Lait: No, we weren't looking for any kind of cap for any of the land uses.

Council Member Holman: I think most of the rest of mine are probably
comments. Let me just double check. The RT-35 area in SOFA II is quite
extensive. Is the Staff recommendation or communication to Council to
allow private schools in all of RT-35?

Mr. Lait: No is the answer. What we're responding to is the Council's
direction to extend private schools to RT-35 zoned properties. I believe it
was adjacent to Alma, as previously contemplated by the Council.

Council Member Holman: I saw that in one place but not another. I'll have
a comment about that later too. On Packet Page 303, why are Number 4
and 5 to be addressed in a separate, subsequent Ordinance? Why would we
not want to have some regulations about how many hours that a retailer
would have to be open? Number 5, amortizing, I can see that might be
later. Why would we not establish Number 4 in the immediate Ordinance or
the next upcoming Ordinance?

Mr. Lait: It is our intent. There's another Ordinance that we're working on
right now, which would replace—we have the interim Ordinance that's in
place now, that expires in April. What we're working on now is discretely
dealing with the Downtown/SOFA II area. Another Ordinance that we're
working on would be a Citywide Ordinance that would reflect the interim
Ordinance that the Council adopted. Because the definition of retail would
extend to not just Downtown/SOFA II but the whole City, we wanted to
capture that in that Ordinance, that Citywide Ordinance.          That one's
occurring within the same timeframe as this one. We're not going to lose
any protection relative to the interim Ordinance that's in place.

Council Member Holman: That's good to know.

Mr. Lait: Number 5 is simply time. We just don't have the time to do an
amortization Ordinance at this time.

Council Member Holman: I'm almost through. Note that I didn't say much
of anything prior to this in the meeting. Medical offices, was there any
consideration for limiting the size of medical offices? For instance, we have
the 550 Hamilton, that project, and we have all these medical and dental
offices on Middlefield Road that I'm very familiar with. They're all small
tenants. I think those are the ones that are more community-serving and
that people are really concerned about losing. Those owners are also really
                                                                       Page 57 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
