                          TRANSCRIPT
that clarification and this issue about resident participation eligibility in the
CLEAN program, frankly I do remember we've had a series of discussions
and Staff had always explained that the CLEAN program really wasn't
available to individual residents. It may technically be so, but that's not the
way, I believe, Staff had framed it. However, I do recall that one of the
participation methods is through solar co-ops. We had had some interest,
and that's how residents would potentially collectively participate in a CLEAN
program. Is that correct?

Mr. Abendschein: I would say yes.

Mr. Shikada: The simple answer is yes.

Mr. Abendschein: If we want to talk a little more about community solar, I
would defer to Assistant Director Ratchye.

Mayor Burt: That’s all right. One of the questions was about how the
resident benefits from the Net Metering program. We're staring at the 7 1/2
cents or whatever it is. That's when you are producing beyond your need as
a resident. Slide 12, I want to make sure I follow why the first two sets of
bars show no change between the two programs, the current and the future
one, and a higher, faster payback if we are putting solar on our homes that
only produce 30 or 50 percent than if we go up toward 100 percent. As you
mentioned, when we have the—with Net Metering when we're getting credit
against our retail bills, it can be at a higher tier. I'm not sure whether
everybody's understanding that. Our higher tiers go up to how much a
kilowatt hour?

Mr. Abendschein: It's roughly 16 1/2 to 17 cents.

Mayor Burt: If I have this and I'm offsetting a high tier, the first chunk that
I sell back to the City, I'm selling at 16 1/2 or 17 cents.

Mr. Abendschein: Yes, that's it.

Mayor Burt: I think that helps people understand why this isn't principally a
7 1/2-cent benefit to the resident. It's stepping down. It starts at 16 1/2-
17, and then goes down depending on how much solar you put on your roof.

Mr. Abendschein: Yes. I would just add to that that when we have a
smaller system, more of it ends up getting used onsite and at the higher
tiers that you're talking about.

Mayor Burt: The other thing, you noted that the pricing structure for when
we do buy the surplus in a Net Metering program is based on all quantifiable

                                                                         Page 26 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
