                          TRANSCRIPT
Time and again over the years, I have heard there just isn't any land. When
we really look either at people's anecdotes and say, "What about that plot
land?" Everybody says, "That's sitting there, and the public owns it." We
actually have two pocket parks that we've done over the last 15 years or so
on land that was already public land for neighborhoods that didn't even have
a pocket park without kids crossing a major thoroughfare. I think we need
to step back and look at Google maps and identify spaces that are
candidates for dedicated parkland or park-like functions. That brings up this
other question of do we need another category of park-like functions. I'm
using that as a placeholder descriptor. There are certain things that fall
within our dedicated parklands, that are prescriptive, and others that are
similar to parks in nature. We face this dilemma that we only have two
choices. I mention this available public land or private. It can be private
schools. It can be areas where—you think about the donkey care area at Bol
Park. That's on private land. I don't know whether the property owner
would be open to the City acquiring some of that land and incorporating it
within Bol Park. That kind of thing to look at opportunities especially where
it's low-intensity land that is lower cost per acre and that we have within our
park mitigation fees. When we've had the feedback on how we'll use them,
it's usually by Staff saying we're going to use them for park improvements,
because there is no land. I just think again that are some opportunities that
we need to look at again. I also wanted to mention some degree in which
we can have some reconciliation between what might be active sports uses
on parklands and more pastoral types of uses. Where we have playing
fields, we tend to think they're playing fields. They're turf fence to fence line
or they're artificial turf fence to fence. We really segregate those functions.
If you take, for instance, the 10-1/2 acres down by the Baylands, I don't see
any reason why we can't look to incorporate peripheral paths that might
even go around the existing baseball fields there. That's a whole potential
path system that could be landscaped with native vegetation, and it could be
opportunities for people to have really extensive walking space that would
expand the Bayland area. When I was hearing Council Member Schmid talk
about the 20 minute to get to the Baylands at rush hour, I was going, "I
don't understand that." I realized he was talking about driving a car. It
doesn't take that long by bike, especially when we have our overpass over
101 and future access. It does beg the question—you alluded to it—about
the integration of our Bike Master Plan. For instance. In those areas, I
seem to remember that we have some upgrades intended for connectivity on
that Baylands trail system to get out to the Geng area. This just kind of
emphasizes it that much more as well as completing those loops. I really
encourage us to integrate those different elements. I think that covers my
main points. I want to echo what others have said, that this Plan is really
looking at things comprehensively and on a horizon greater than what we've
looked at in the past. Whether it should be a longer horizon yet is a good
                                                                         Page 30 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
