                          TRANSCRIPT
context of broader issues related to our Water and Water Sustainability
Initiatives.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Council Members. I
did want to share that the City will be participating in an upcoming
community meeting on Wednesday, April 20th, along with Santa Clara
County Supervisor Joe Simitian and Professional Staff from partner agencies
including the Santa Clara County Roads and Airports Department, Santa
Clara Valley Transportation Authority, Los Altos Hills and Caltrans to discuss
bike safety and proposed interim bike improvements along Page Mill and the
I-280 interchange area. April 20th. This area's been an ongoing safety
concern, of course, last fall an unfortunate bike fatality along Page Mill. The
meeting will start with an open house at 6:00 P.M., followed by a formal
presentation at 6:30. It will be held at the Los Altos Hills Town Hall Council
Chambers, 26379 Fremont Road in Los Altos Hills. Telecommunications
work that impacts Downtown pedestrian traffic. Just a reminder, as I had
previously mentioned, crews from Crown Castle will be installing 19 wireless
cell sites on light poles in Downtown Palo Alto starting this week, which will
have some impact on pedestrians and traffic patterns. The antennae will
support wireless telecommunications and are specifically for the Verizon
network. The new wireless sites will address problems including lost calls,
slow data and no signal. All the installations will be in the sidewalk areas
with some potholing in the street, directional boring, and open trenching.
Installation sites are located on street poles within City-owned sidewalks, on
side and adjacent streets to University Avenue. For more information or the
latest     schedule,     go    to    the    Crown      Castle    webpage     at
crowncastle.com/project/paloaltocalifornia. Next is World Autism Day took
place this past weekend. The City participated in the Eighth Annual World
Autism Awareness Day on Saturday, April 2nd, by lighting up the front of
City Hall on the eighth floor with blue lights. I know the Mayor had received
a request from organizers to see what we could do this year. We're happy
to be able to join in. Autism organizations around the world celebrate the
day with unique fundraising and awareness-raising events and around the
globe using the hash tag #liub, light it up blue, to share their experience
across social media. We joined other organizations around the planet
lighting up our little part of the world blue. Thank you for showing the
photo. Lastly, don't always do this but just thought it was distinctive. Palo
Alto Police Lieutenant Zach Peron recently completed a master of arts
degree in security studies at the National Post Graduate School for
Homeland, Defense and Security which is a very selective program from the
                                                                        Page 51 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
