                          TRANSCRIPT
talk about what we're buying, is my best attempt to explain to you what
we're buying when we buy offsets. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Grant Dasher to be followed by our—we have
another card—by Mike Danaher.

Grant Dasher: Hello. Thank you, everyone. My name's Grant; I'm a Palo
Alto resident. I just wanted to thank everyone for the hard work that went
into this effort. I'm very happy to live in a City that takes this issue
seriously. I want to say that—I want to make a couple of points. One is
about offsets, and one is about biogas. On offsets, first of all, perhaps the
most important thing going on here is the demand side impact. This has
been brought up a couple of times. It's effectively a form of a carbon tax.
Regardless of what you do with the revenue, by raising the price you change
the market. To the extent that we can impose a carbon tax within the
constraints that the Constitution of California puts on us, it's a relatively
clever way to do that. The second is about the supply side. Palo Alto is well
known as being the home of some major Venture Capitalists (VCs). One
way I think about offsets is it turns the City effectively into a VC for funding
carbon reduction around the world. Global warming is a global problem.
There's been a lot of talk about local initiatives and whatnot, but we know
that the effect of carbon is felt globally. The major impacts of this are not
necessarily in the United States; they're in other countries that have low-
lying regions that are going to totally sink into the ocean due to our
emissions. Us funding the reduction of carbon elsewhere in the world is a
useful thing for us to be doing with our money to solve the problem globally.
As a relatively wealthy community, I think it's something that we should be
doing, especially when you look at the timelines. It may not be the case
that there are shovel-ready projects in the City of Palo Alto, which we can
reinvest our capital in around things like electrification. In the interim while
we figure out what those projects are, spending that money elsewhere
where there are shovel-ready projects that we can have an impact on
tomorrow rather than two years from now seems like a pretty good use of
our money. Those four cents per therm can be redirected in two or three
years when there are projects toward local initiatives. I'm totally supportive
of that. The final point is around biogas. It's important with things like this
to look at the net energy and the energy return on investment (EROI). I'm
not super familiar with the details of biogas, but just to point out a
hypothetical example. If there was a huge demand for biogas, you could
imagine that it would actually incentivize the production of more cows in
order to collect the methane they emit. The production of those cows could
consume yet more carbon to feed them and to produce all of the subsidiary
materials that go into generating that methane. In all of these kind of
things, it's important to look at the total energy chain that goes into the
                                                                          Page 38 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
