                          TRANSCRIPT
it as recycled water. In fact, when I read the agreement, it talks about
recycled water all the time. I think there's legal arguments that could be
made; I just cursorily read this. They could argue that recycled water is
different than purified water and, therefore, that is what the agreement
says. It does not say purified water and, therefore, Capital Improvements to
purified water, they may not have to pay for it. That would be one concern.
Another concern is what I heard you say that they're going to pay for the
operation and maintenance costs. When I read the actual agreement, it
doesn't say that. It says water wholesale rate ...

Mayor Burt: Page?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Page 183, Packet Page. It would be Section 4.11. It
says effective on July 1, 2020. This is the language. It continues to
encourage the use of recycled water and ensure that the remaining Recycled
Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP) partners to incur no incremental cost
impact. The phrase "continues to encourage the use of recycled water"
implies subsidy, implies that you're going to keep it cheaper and, therefore,
you do that. That's different than operation and maintenance costs. Then it
says and incur no incremental impact from the production of recycled water.
Those two seem to be almost compromise language of two competing goals.
Palo Alto's goal of, I assume, no incremental costs, which again is different
than operation and maintenance costs, which is what you said. I don't think
that this agreement here says what you stated. I guess I just have those
concerns. I don't see what you're saying to be reflected in the agreement.
Response?

Mr. Bobel: I'm not sure I followed all of your problem with the current
language. Part of what I was trying to convey was that we'd keep all options
open and give you the Strategic Plan. That was wearing the hat of Palo Alto
as a water retailer and all of the options that Palo Alto has there. Honestly, I
don't think our City Council is the decision maker with respect to Mountain
View's water. I wouldn't say the same thing wearing the heat of the
wholesaler. Wearing the hat of a wholesaler, I think the truth is that each of
the partners will be making the decision how to use their fraction of the
water themselves. Palo Alto won't be making that decision for Mountain
View.    Maybe I misspoke earlier, but I was really speaking from the
perspective of Palo Alto as the retailer on our options.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What you've asked us to do tonight is to approve this
agreement. My concern is that I haven't heard how this agreement limits
our options in the future. I've heard broad things about a Strategic Plan in
that, but you're mixing stuff. If we're going to have a Strategic Plan, I'd like
to know—let's have a Strategic Plan. Shouldn't we sign this after we have

                                                                         Page 68 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
