                          TRANSCRIPT
restructuring of the whole Administrative Penalty Schedule, I would suggest
maybe next year we could take that up when we do the annual cleanup.

Council Member Holman: Certainly not a restructuring, just a clarification.
If there was one that we chose to add this evening, could we do that? The
one I'm thinking about and I realized wasn't in here when I was reading this
again last night or whenever is something I hear a lot of complaints about.
That is noncompliance to construction truck traffic routes. Construction
trucks are driving through neighborhoods, and they're not supposed to be
there. Not complying with construction traffic plans, I hear that quite a bit.
If we wanted to add something, could we do that this evening?

Ms. Stump: I'm going to let them look at the details. In general, if there
was something that's not currently prohibited by City law or regulation, we
can't add that substantive item tonight, because it's not noticed for that. If
there's a desire to provide a particular penalty that's customized for a
section that already exists, we could probably do that. The way that the
schedule is setup, there's also a default penalty. Even if particular items are
not listed, we do have an ability to use the basic through the Schedule as it
is.

Council Member Holman: It would be conformance with project permits.
Does that require some kind of other change?

Ms. Stump: Is there a particular type of permit? There are various permits
listed in our Code.

Council Member Holman: There are conditions of approval that are given.
Ms. Gitelman or Jonathan Lait can probably clarify the language better.
There are conditions of approval, and oftentimes those conditions of
approval have traffic routes for construction trucks. We do have in our City
Code also a weight limit for trucks on residential streets. Those both get
violated quite a lot during construction, larger projects especially.

Ms. Stump: Why don't we look at the detail on that while the rest of the
hearing is going on?

Council Member Holman: Thank you, appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: A couple of questions. Some of these fees are—
most of them are per incident, but some of them are per day. Is that
correct?


                                                                         Page 13 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
