                          TRANSCRIPT
City's power that only works in the daytime. If you really want resiliency,
you need to look at some of these other technologies that some of the
speakers mentioned, like storage, potential changes to the grid and so forth.
If we were talking about that, then we'd probably be having a different
conversation.      The economic piece is where basically two things have
changed in the last year. I think that's why it's reasonable for us to take a
look again at this. The first is utility-grade solar economics have gotten
much better. Even without the Hecate contract, we're still paying 14 percent
less for utility-grade solar than we were a year ago. The Hecate contract is
going to drop that even farther. Utility solar economics are getting better.
At the same time in the last year the City economics have gotten worse.
We're now projecting operating shortfalls for the next couple of years. If
you include the City's unfunded pension and health liabilities, the City is
actually losing many millions of dollars a year. A substantial amount of that
actually comes from the Utilities in the Enterprise Funds. At the same time,
we're projecting an 18 percent electricity rate hike over the next two years.
None of this includes the possibility of a recession ahead. As we look at the
economics, the real question is—I think there may be disagreement on the
exact point here—do we want to pay 7-9 cents for solar electricity or do we
want to pay 16 cents for solar electricity. I think the seven cents is relevant
because we're talking about 25-year contracts here which means the ones
we sign under this program will still be in effect to 2040 or potentially later.
I think the practical benefits are tenuous. The costs, as long as it's just the
pilot, are probably not that much, but they could increase significantly if we
expand beyond the pilot. The economics of solar are changing pretty
quickly. Given this context, is this still the place we want to spend this
money? If the answer is yes—it sounds like it's going to be yes—I think we
should revisit this from time to time. Final consideration which is this fall the
County and possibly the City are going to go back to voters and ask for tax
increases on top of all this. I think it's important we show people that we
continue to be spending their existing money very thoughtfully as we go
asking for more. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes on a 6-1 vote with
Council Member Filseth voting no.    Thank you, everyone, for your
participation this evening.

MOTION PASSED: 6-1 Filseth no, Holman, Scharff absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: We have Inter-Governmental Affair Legislative report, nothing.



                                                                          Page 71 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
