                          TRANSCRIPT
a hundred years. This is not something we want the City to let go of. We
will work with you The community will, with fundraising, with any ideas.
Please read through the petitions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Bornstein: Over 1,685 people signed ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Bornstein: ... online, in other countries as well as ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Bornstein: ... in this country. Thank you very much.       Listen to your
hearts as well. We'd appreciate it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Our next speaker is Ester Nigenda, to be followed by Lisa
Wendl.

Ester Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members and fellow residents. A few
weeks ago Save Palo Alto's Groundwater had a table at Midtown's ice cream
social. People had questions about all the water they see pouring down our
City's storm drains, a few of which I will share with you. One of them is why
are we throwing away water if we're in a drought. Why are we asked to
water street trees with potable water for which we have to pay? This water
is a community resource. Why does the City allow a few people to waste it?
There were many other questions and comments, but main takeaways were
the sense of outrage at the waste of this community resource and the great
concern for the drought and our dying trees. Some residents want to know
what Save Palo Alto's Groundwater has accomplished and what the City is
doing with regards to this issue. The answer to both is essentially nothing.
So far this year, less than two percent of the total groundwater extracted
has been used. The rest was shunted to the Bay, where scientists tell us it
contributes to sea level rise. East Palo Alto, San Jose and other Bay Area
cities are asking for greater water allocation from the San Francisco Public
Utilities Commission. Our rivers are dying because of their diversion to
farming and cities. The Santa Clara Valley Water District tell us to take the
vow value our water. The Sustainability/Climate Action Plan says the City
will lead by example. We should either take these slogans seriously or
abandon them. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Lisa Wendl, to be followed by
Hongming Jin.


                                                                      Page 16 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
