                          TRANSCRIPT
housing, whereas, I'm probably supportive of co-housing in places that are
like California Avenue, in a multifamily setting. I don't think I'm really
supportive in single-family neighborhoods of co-housing. I might be, but I
also don't view this as a priority item. I think we have so many items and
Planning is so overwhelmed, that I don't quite see spending a lot of time on
co-housing. I might be convinced otherwise if people thought it was a
strong reason to go forward. Our first paragraph. Let's see. On the Fry's
site, again, my recollection is that the developer came forward and said they
had a new lease with Fry's, and we had some time on this. I don't think
Fry's is where we should be spending our time right now. We made that
decision earlier. I do think we have to decide and we should do a—what do
we call them? Not a plan. A coordinated area plan for Fry's and move
forward on that, but the question is when and what is the timing. I believe
my recollection is that we have time, and we made that decision at some
Council meeting, and we put off that given the workload that we have. On
affordable housing, I think we have to also think about—we mix up a lot of
concepts when we talk about affordable housing. We talk about teachers.
We talk about firefighters. We talk about people that work for the City. As
far as I can tell, none of those people qualify for affordable housing. What
we have to figure out is how we can do subsidized housing that works for
what I would consider the "new middle class" which would be our
firefighters, our teachers, those groups, so that they can stay in Palo Alto.
At the moment, if we build affordable housing, especially with the numbers
we look at, I don't think any of those people qualify. I'd be interested if we
had metrics and figuring out by Staff how we can make those qualify. That
may be changes in what we can collect our affordable housing fees for and
how we can use our affordable housing dollars, so that we can subsidize not
traditional low-income housing, but more moderate income housing for
people who actually make more than 120 percent of the median income.
That's what those people do. Those are my initial thoughts on this. I think
this is really complicated. I actually think this is almost too complicated for
the time we have allotted tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: The first thing I want to say is thanks to every
member of the public who showed up tonight to speak or who emailed or
called us or met with us outside of tonight's meeting. I think that the range
of views that we've seen expressed tonight really demonstrate that there's
not really consensus yet in Palo Alto. There's probably not a consensus on
Council yet about what exact policies we want to pursue. There are two key
themes that I'm really hearing. One is a recognition that our supply does
not meet our demand for a diverse range of groups. People have different
thoughts about whether we should try to address those various supply
                                                                        Page 83 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
