                         TRANSCRIPT
be. My concern is we're going to spend 6, 12 months in community
outreach that's going to back this project up further, cost the project more
money. I want this thing tomorrow if possible. That was a very strong
consideration for me. I shared your concern about the traffic and the
response time. Running it through the Code 3 software, where everything
was still within our performance criteria allayed some of those concerns.
Ideally I would love to remain in the immediate area, but I'd get the other
constraints and issues that we're dealing with. We have very few choices.

Mayor Burt: Remind me—I know it's in the report—the construction period
will be how long from demolition to operation?

Mr. Nickel: What we're estimating right now—I'll let Brad weigh in—is
approximately 18 months.

Mayor Burt: I think I understand now better those concerns that the
Rinconada tennis court site is surrounded by single-family homes on two
sides. It's your thoughts that that would be a much more extensive public
process to go through approval for a temporary location?

Mr. Nickel: Yeah. In my 29-year career doing this, the two hardest things
to do is get a fire station in a neighborhood and take a fire station out of a
neighborhood. You saw the community response. I would love to maybe
hire some of those community members across the Middlefield site to do
some of our Staff Reports. They did really good Staff work. We haven't
even begun outreach to the folks around Rinconada. I would fully expect the
same type of response. Again, it gets back to my comment earlier of we're
on the clock.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now go to the public. We have four speaker
cards. Each speaker will have up to three minutes to speak. Our first
speaker is Stephanie Munoz, to be followed by—is it Sturino family?

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'd like
to urge you not to pass up the opportunity to build housing in conjunction
with the new fire station. The one reason is obvious. It's the same reason
that you need housing for the teachers, housing for the policeman, housing
for the City employees. We taxpayers have to pay their salaries. If they
have to have in order to have a house any kind of a home, a decent home,
over $100,000 a year, we're going to pay all 110 of them $110,000 a year.
We're talking millions. You could do that. The second reason is that we
already pay for some housing for firemen. They have to be onsite so that
they can get that minute response, get that prompt response. They might
as well have a home with their families. Firemen are sort of traditional
citizens. They tend more to have wives and children than to be happy-go-
                                                                       Page 36 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
