                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Any type of traffic calming or redesign of an arterial street or a
residential arterial would need to consider how it's going to impact
congestion. The bulk of congestion occurs at intersection approaches. A lot
of the treatments we're talking about are on roadway segments, not at
intersections themselves. In the case of Middlefield, we're also working to
improve the signal timing in conjunction with restriping and reducing kind of
the overall travel speed.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think it's important, if you do have these
community meetings, to mention that as probably an interesting example
where flow improved actually. I wanted to talk about Alma a little bit. It
looked like the data suggested it should go up to even 40 miles an hour on
segments of it. Thirty thousand daily trips is probably—it was our second
busiest segment next to Oregon Expressway, had a very collision rate south
of Churchill. I understand we can go below the survey rate if there's special
circumstances. What are the circumstances for Alma to go down to 35?

Mr. Mello: The only segment of Alma where I see the need to increase the
speed limit in order to conduct radar enforcement is the segment between
University and Lincoln. In order to conduct radar enforcement, we would
need to increase the speed limit from 25 to 30.

Council Member DuBois: I'm looking at Alma from Oregon Expressway to
East Meadow, 85th percentile was 42 miles an hour.

Mr. Mello: The speed limit on that segment is 35. In order to conduct radar
enforcement, we can leave it at 35. The last column there, recommended
speed, that's the speed we would need to post in order to conduct radar
enforcement.

Council Member DuBois: Again, my understanding was—just tell me if I got
this wrong—that you would round down to 40 miles an hour, and then you'd
have to say that there was some other extenuating conditions to go below
that.

Mr. Thnay: Essentially because of the all the businesses close by and all
that, there are sort of situation besides high collision that you could use to
justify lowering from 40 miles per hour to 35.

Council Member DuBois: It's a 0.9 collision rate. It seemed very low. I was
just trying to understand.

Mr. Mello: You can also look at density of driveways, pedestrian and bicycle
activity. The lanes are narrow in that particular stretch, so that could be
another line of reasoning.
                                                                         Page 35 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
