                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Jarvis: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks for coming and sharing data and ideas and
plans for the future. Just three questions. The question was already raised
about quantitative measures. Are you planning on—you will be doing that in
the future? Will you have regular reports? Are you getting new technologies
to count cars, single occupancy vehicles? Will you share that publicly?

Ms. Jarvis: For now we're going to focus on the survey as our main way to
collect data, not only because that gives us the data on mode share, but it
gives us a lot of useful attitudinal data. Surveys are relatively easy and cost
effective to distribute. That means we have more resources to put into our
programs. We plan to use that survey data to set the goals and objectives.
Based on those, we will probably continue to do a survey every year. If we
need to supplement that with another measurement device, we'd certainly
consider that.

Council Member Schmid: I guess my second question is are your goals nice
to achieve or will they be required?

Ms. Jarvis: To date all our efforts are voluntary. You heard the coalition of
the willing. Our coalition of the willing covers 75 percent of our Research
Park. We've very optimistic that voluntary goals are going to be successful.
This group's really motivated, not necessarily because of a specific goal or
requirement but because of business needs and because of the fit with their
culture.

Council Member Schmid: I guess the City and the Research Park are sort of
at arms' length. Over the last 6 or 8 months, we have had studies on
specific projects, and our 5-8-year outlook for traffic shows "F" level of
services on nine intersections. They run along Page Mill Road. They run
along Oregon Expressway. They run along El Camino Real and Charleston-
Arastradero. Obviously, that future for us is tied to the Research Park. The
City is engaged with what you do and how successful you are. The question
is how can we establish a relationship so we could participate in the goal
setting, we could participate in the monitoring results, we can see standards
of achievement that we both need and are we accomplishing them and do
we need to have tough requirements.

Ms. Griego: I don't think we've answered your direct question yet which is
are we willing to share the information following our April survey. Indeed,
we are. We are very keenly interested as a group in figuring out what we
have on our hands in terms of mode share. From there, we do want to set
                                                                         Page 23 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
