                          TRANSCRIPT
China simply because I was Falun Gong practitioner. I was a graduate
student when the Chinese Communist Party started the persecution of Falun
Gong in July 1999. From that moment on, my life was shattered. The police
would force their way into my home whenever they wanted. They extorted
my family and threatened my parents. My whole family lived in horror and
had to move again and again to avoid such harassment. Even more
unbearably through the firsthand witnesses, I became aware of the
(inaudible) crime forced organ harvesting from Falun Gong practitioners. In
2012 while working at the first hospital in (inaudible), I learned from my
student friend that the hospital performed four liver transplants when they
provide another five livers for a hospital in Beijing. All organs came from
non-consenting Falun Gong practitioners. I couldn't tolerate such evil and
continue to work at the hospital. I left China and came to the U.S. hoping
that I can speak out about this crime that is still taking place in China even
today. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Shan Long, to be followed by
Lina Qiu.

Shan Long [speaking through a translator]:            Council Members, good
evening. My name is Shan Long, and I'm originally from Tianjin, China. I
started practicing Falun Gong in January 2010, and within one month my
health improved significantly. Moreover, as a Falun Gong practitioner, I
learned to follow the three ancient principles of truthfulness, compassion and
tolerance and to live my life as an honest, kind and tolerant person.
However, such a great cultivation practice is brutally persecuted in China. In
June 2014, I was taken by police and National Security agents in China when
I visited a fellow practitioner's home after she, herself, was illegally detained
to take care of her daughter.         At midnight that day, seven or eight
policemen forced their way into my home. My mother, who was 72 years
old at the time, was the only person home. The police shoved her onto the
couch and held her down while they tossed my home. They also confiscated
a truckload of our belongings, which they have kept until this day. The men
refused to identify themselves and wouldn't tell my mom where I was. After
a full day of interrogation, I was handcuffed to the hospital where I was
subjected to forced examinations and blood tests. Following the trip to the
hospital, I was thrown into the local detention center where I was illegally
kept for a month. In June 2015, I filed a lawsuit with the Chinese Supreme
Court against the culprit of the persecution China's Former President Jiang
Zemin. Because of that, I was abducted again in July 2015. Once again, I
was forcefully taken to the hospital for unconsented blood testing.

Mayor Burt: I think we need to ...


                                                                         Page 18 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
