                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: To clarify the question, will the Draft EIR when it
comes back and 5 and 6 not just give us gross GHG numbers but also per
capita greenhouse gas emissions.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach:      It seems like hopefully a pretty easy thing to
tabulate.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure. Also, earlier in
response to a question from the Mayor, you said that Scenario 5 has
modestly more housing than the historical pattern. If I heard correctly, the
Mayor pointed out that Scenario 5 has perhaps more than a modest amount
of housing than business as usual. I wanted to clarify. When you say
historical pattern, perhaps you're referring to something different than
business as usual.    I wanted to clarify that business as usual is our
prediction of what would happen under our current zoning and regulations
and policies. That might be different than our historical pattern. Is that
correct?

Ms. Gitelman: In this case, they're the same. Business as usual assumes
our current zoning and policy stay in place, and it uses for the housing
number a projection that's based on our historical delivery of new units.

Council Member Wolbach: My next question then is when you say historical,
what historical period are you using as a frame of reference. In the last few
years, Palo Alto has particularly with housing been (crosstalk).

Ms. Gitelman: We're going back 20 years or more, and the average is
somewhere around 160 units a year if you go back 20, 25 years. It's a long-
term average.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll save my comments on that for later then.
Just as far as what's agendized tonight and what you're looking—one, a legal
question and secondly what you're looking for, is there any opportunity to
correct or tweak the numbers for 5 or 6 as far as population or housing or
job number that we're targeting for those or are we restricted to only talking
about policies that relate to them?

Mayor Burt: Can I just say that, again, this is about establishing bookends
for what will be studied. This is not ...



                                                                        Page 31 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
