                          TRANSCRIPT
in what Stephen Covey and others would say quadrant two is actually
thinking about things that are not urgent but that are important. The fact of
the matter is that there's a lot of stress in our organization on our ability to
reconcile both these hot issues of the day and our need to respond. If you
recall at the last Retreat, I told you that we were going to start to look at
identifying the Staff people who actually have to work and support the
projects that you have on your work list here. I just give you an example
here of the Public Works Department. These are actually the individuals and
the people that Mike and his team identified who might do any bit of work
related to Council initiatives or projects. We have gone through this for
every office in every department. There happen to be 23, I think, on that
chart right there. Mike has I don't know how many employees, but well over
100 employees in Public Works, most of whom then are doing other things.
The really important thing to remember is we went through and counted all
of the people who are actually working one way or another on different
Council projects and initiatives, but many of them might work five percent of
their time. Other people might work 50, 60 percent of their time on Council
projects. When we added them up, when I quickly added them up today,
they came out to 32 FTEs. We have 32 Full-Time Equivalent people who are
capable of working and supporting what it is that we want to do. It puts in
pretty stark relief, one, the impact if we have a couple of vacancies in key
places that can really impact folks. Even when we leverage other capacity
by bringing in consultants, who are not counted in here, there really is a lot
of project management work and consultant contract management that goes
on and takes place. That sort of brings us to this. Not only do we have a
certain supply of people, in the same way that ultimately at the very top, the
Council wants to be involved and have oversight and influence decisions.
Actually along the way up through the organization, that has to happen also.
Therefore, even if you have 32 FTEs, if they have to have the City Attorney's
review or they have to have my review in some way, suddenly we're
skinnying a lot of our capacity down to five people or so. Here's the real
truth. We don't have enough oversight by some of us key folks, because
there's so much work and we're pushing work out. Work will come to the
Council that hasn't maybe had all the review that we want or we're working
on a lot of projects and we're not managing as well as we can, which of
course provides fertile ground for the Auditor to be able to go out and then
do audits about how we could be doing a better job. This is sort of the facts
of where we are and what we have to work with. Really trying to get really
much more efficient and focused. I'm just here to report to you. Other folks
can corroborate it. We just need to get better at prioritizing and managing
those priorities. Just as examples of items that have come up this year that
are new. We worked some of them into your report. The airplane noise
issue, obviously at the Retreat, you all heard from the public and said, "We
need to build that in." That certainly has grown a lot over the past couple of
                                                                         Page 31 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
