                          TRANSCRIPT
2,500 to 3,000 which being an activist I couldn't afford. One of the major
cause was that the mirror was gone from the driving-side mirror. I drove
my car six months without that because I couldn't afford it. Finally, I paid
from out-of-pocket, got the mirror replaced, but the dent in my car is still
there. I can deal with that, but it is really difficult because this has been—I
feel like I'm not living in Palo Alto; I'm living in a parking lot. That's really
very hurtful. Please, we urge you to do something about it. When there is a
building that people are asking you to approve, you should really, really
check how many parking lots they're going to need and ask them to provide
that.    Maybe they can have a shuttle, shuttle their employees' cars
somewhere else and bring them back and forth. Whatever they need to do.
Please help us. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I just wanted to let speakers know the Council is
not permitted by law to deliberate and discuss items that are not on the
Agenda. This one is not agendized. We, as you may be aware, have a
subsequent residential permit parking agenda item, so we can't hold
discussion on this tonight. I just wanted to make sure you understood that
law. Thank you all very much.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next item is our Consent Calendar. I'll let those who want
to shuffle out do so. We're now proceeding on the Consent Calendar. We
actually have three members of the public, perhaps a fourth, who wishes to
speak on the Consent Calendar. If anyone else wishes to speak on the
Consent Calendar, they need to come forward now. Our first speaker is
Annette Glanckopf, to be followed by Sheri Furman. Both of these speakers
are speaking to Item Number 10.

Annette Glanckopf, speaking regarding Agenda Item 10: Good evening,
Council Members. I am asking you to remove the disaster resilience from
the scope of Cool Cities. Please pull Cool Cities. Thanks to everyone,
including our City Manager, who spent the time to send me emails and talk
to me about this item. Community engagement is very, very important. I
think this last Agenda Item was a great example of that. I've been told that
the Cool City focus is not really on emergency preparedness and that you
could easily carve up the maybe up to 32 action items related to disaster
resilience. We have a robust community resilience with our emergency
preparedness program in place through the Emergency Services Volunteers.
The program is all hazards and addresses FEMA's whole community best
practices. I would caution us forcing an external program into our ESV
program as duplicative and not coordinated. The topic of our recent keynote
ceremony was sea level rise and illustrates how the ESV program is

                                                                         Page 26 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
