                          TRANSCRIPT
intersection; it takes five minutes up to sometimes. My question is if none
of the projects including this project have any impact on traffic, why is it
such a mess. There are several large projects that are going in that haven't
even been built yet. Yet, here we are, adding another underparked, massive
project that again requests a zoning change. Honestly, when the developer
bought this property, the price was most likely reflective of the zoning as it
was. That probably reduced the overall cost of the property. If it had been
up-zoned as is being requested tonight, the price would have been probably
more. The developer buys the property, designs a project as massive as
they can make it, and then comes to you, design in hand, and says, "Please,
why can't you give us a conditional use permit?" or "Why can't you rezone
it?" or "Why can't you make it so that we build the building that doesn't
meet the current standards?" We've seen this over and over and over
again. I think everybody's getting a little tired of it. Also, I think this is a
wonderful project to start the no-car concept that was discussed at the last
City Council meeting. It's close to bus and train transportation. Why can't
there be more either market or low-income housing in this? Honestly, there
is no parking on California Avenue. The whole area is inundated. Once the
new police department goes in there, I don't know where anybody is going
to park. Please review this project carefully, and please do not permit any
changes in the current zoning. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:22 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for—Council
Member Wolbach, you had a follow-up question from previously for the
traffic consultant. I thought. Who asked it?

Council Member Wolbach: Filseth.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth. Why don't we start off with just
getting those technical questions clarified. Maybe, Mr. Lait, if you can frame
them for the consultant, and we'll move forward there.

Mr. Lait: Sure. I'll just want to comment on Herb Borock's statement. This
traffic analysis has been reviewed and vetted. If there's a failing on our
part, it's by not having the Transportation Staff here tonight to speak to
their peer review of that document. They have been at several community
meetings lately, and tonight they took the night off. Perhaps that wasn't the
best call on my part. We have reviewed the document; it has been vetted.
It doesn't come anywhere close to triggering any of our California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) thresholds. Granted, if we use different
thresholds, that would be a different conversation, but that's not where we
are from a policy perspective in terms of reviewing these projects. I believe

                                                                         Page 41 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
