                        TRANSCRIPT
the City of Palo Alto versus the Public Employee Relations Board and
International Association of Firefighters Local 1319. This is regarding a
California Court of Appeal, Item Number H041407, on appeal from the Public
Employee Relations Board. We have one speaker, Herb Borock. Welcome.

Herb Borock spoke on Agenda Item 1A: Thank you, Mayor Burt. You read
into the record the description that appears for Agenda Item 1A at the
bottom of Page 1 of the agenda. However, that description continues on the
top of Page 2.

Mayor Burt: Correct. You're right.

Mr. Borock: I did request in my letter to you that that second part of
Agenda Item 1A is with labor negotiators. It doesn't identify the names of
the representatives who you would be meeting with, who would then be
negotiating on your behalf with each of those employee organizations. I
believe that's required by the Brown Act, and you have done it in every
other case that you've had that type of negotiation item on your Agenda.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let me add for the record that the continuation of
Item 1A is a conference with labor negotiators with the City-designated
representatives of the City Manager and his designees, and the employee
organizations are the Fire Chiefs Association, the IAFF Local 1319, the POA
and the PMA. On that note, we will entertain a Motion to go into Closed
Session.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Kniss, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff. Please vote. That passes unanimously 8-0. We will now go into
Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Council went into Closed Session at 5:05 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:53 P.M.

Mayor Burt: … returned from two Closed Session Items.         We have no
reportable actions.
                                                                       Page 2 of 81
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 12/5/16
