                         TRANSCRIPT
solutions, potential third-party managed services that we would bring back
to Council to bless or approve for a roadmap. Tonight we are at the point
where we've identified that vendor, and we have that contract on Consent as
you know. That work will just be to do the evaluation of needs, and then
identification of potential solutions. That will run 'til October, until it's
completed. We would come back to Council then with the outcome of that
report. Depending on that outcome, we would get engaged in a budgeting
cycle which we think is going to be detailed because of the complexity and
the multiyear nature of this. That will be done between the end of this year
and the Fiscal Year (FY) '18 Budget cycle. I had to think about that for a
second; that seems far in the future, but it's really not that far. Then we
would start building this thing in the latter part of calendar year 2017.
Because of the nature of it, we're not going to do it once. We simply
couldn't do that as a City; it would bring the City to a halt if everybody was
working on software. We think we can do it in a managed, thoughtful way
over a number of years. It could be up to five years before we find
ourselves on the other side of it. Now, there are parts of the system that
will run just fine when we're doing that, so we don't have to do everything at
once. I think that's everything I wanted to say on the topic for now. I
welcome your questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before we get started, along the theme of some of
the issues we'd discussed at our Council Retreat, I just want to take an
opportunity to remind us that as Council Members it is completely acceptable
to say I concur with the comments of Council Member such-and-such.
Council Member Filseth is our best example at approaching things that way,
when he feels that and being succinct. It may even in some circumstances
be commendable to do that. This is part of our goal of running our meetings
more efficiently. Sometimes I forget that, and we all do. I just thought I'd
remind us all. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll go first so other people can agree with me. Will
the Request for Proposal (RFP) include the cost to extract data from the
current system and load it into the new system? Is that part of the process?

Mr. Reichental: We would want to know the implementation costs of any of
the work we do for each of the pieces. Data migration has to be part of
that, yes.

Council Member DuBois: Looking at the options, I guess SAP has utility
billing. Do we have a sense is it any good? How would we rate it on a 1-10
scale?



                                                                          Page 5 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
