                         TRANSCRIPT
     Appropriation for the Baylands Interpretive Center Facility
     Improvements, Capital Improvement Program Project PE-15029; and
     Find the Project Categorically Exempt From the California
     Environmental Quality Act Under Section 15301 (Existing Facilities).

5.   Approval of the Third Amendment to the Agreement Providing for
     Implementation of the Santa Clara Valley Urban Runoff Pollution
     Prevention Program Between Santa Clara County, Santa Clara Valley
     Water District, and Multiple Santa Clara County Cities to Extend its
     Term.

6.   Approval of the Baylands Boardwalk Feasibility Study Report and
     Direct Staff to Pursue Replacement of the Boardwalk, Approve and
     Authorize the City Manager to Execute Contract Number C16163750 in
     the Amount of $439,992 With Biggs Cardosa Associates, Inc. to
     Provide Design and Environmental Services and Amend the Fiscal Year
     2017 Budget Appropriation for the Baylands Boardwalk Improvements
     Capital Improvement Program Project PE-14018.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member DuBois, second by Council Member
Kniss. Please vote. We just picked up some time there.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: The Council began their meeting at 5:00 P.M. tonight for a
Study Session actually on transportation-related items. I think we'd like to
take a break before commencing our two long items. We're going to do that
for we'll call it a five minute break. Please try to not to extend it much
beyond that. Thank you. We'll be back shortly.

Council took a break from 7:47 P.M. to 7:57 P.M.

Action Items

7.   Discuss and Identify a Preferred Alternative for Roadway
     Improvements to Embarcadero Road Between El Camino Real and
     Emerson Street and Direct Staff to Complete the Environmental
     Analysis and Plans, Specifications and Estimates for Construction.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Item Number 7 which is to discuss and identify
a preferred alternative for roadway improvements to Embarcadero Road
between El Camino Real and Emerson Street and to direct Staff to complete
the environmental analysis and plan specifications and estimates for
construction. Mr. City Manager.


                                                                     Page 55 of 120
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/19/16
