                         TRANSCRIPT
is Stanford Research Park but not limited to that. The CAC had had some
discussions about creating new residential sites. Did the discussion talk
about rezoning and reducing the permissible commercial development and in
exchange making it residential or did it look at retaining whatever we decide
is the permitted commercial development and allowing additional residential
on properties that are comparatively low density?

Ms. Gitelman: I think you'll find that both of those ideas are inherent here.
Where there are references to potential new housing sites, the shopping
center, the Research Park, they're really lite references. There was not any
consensus or direction or agreement to go in that direction. In those
instances, there was not a discussion of lowering commercial Floor Area
Ratios (FARs). In other policies and programs, there are at least two in here
where we talk about adjusting FAR downward on the commercial side and
upward on the residential side with regard to Downtown and, I think, more
generally in other mixed-use areas of the City.

Mayor Burt: In those various low-density commercial areas, which that
includes Bayshore areas and some in south Palo Alto as well as the Stanford
Research Park and maybe even areas like Stanford Shopping Center. If
there was that discussion around residential and not necessarily having that
reduce the permissible commercial development, if there was allowed
residential, were there any discussions around other uses of that land that
would be community values and also help trip reductions in those specific
areas? What I'm referring to are things like off-road bike paths, mini transit
hubs. Was there any discussion around if those areas allowed those uses,
that land area would not be subtracted from the land for calculating FAR on
a parcel?

Ms. Costello: There's quite a bit of discussion on the commercial areas of
really—I was looking at them today and I realized about 90 percent of it is
about having it be much more oriented toward reducing single occupancy
vehicles and making it easier for transit and alternatives to the car. The
idea of how that would relate to FAR did not come up. The general concept
of making it easier as a policy is in there quite a bit.

Mayor Burt: It seems like that needs to be considered, because we'll have
two different responses if it is at the expense of permissible development
versus if it's not. I think that's important. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of things. When they talked about
coordinated area plans, it says there were areas of agreement. There
should be coordinated area plans for those particular areas?


                                                                       Page 67 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
