                          TRANSCRIPT
a review of alternate service models and allocated $250,000 to assist with
the assessment or possible transition costs. As we began Fiscal Year 2016,
the City Manager's Office continued outreach and engagement with the
community and various department stakeholders.             We conducted two
Requests for Proposals to assess the market for alternative service
providers. The first RFP was issued on October 15th. The second RFP was
issued on January 27th. On March 22nd, 2016 the Policy and Services
Committee received an update on the audit and RFP proposals. The Staff
informed the Committee that the City had received one proposal from Pets
in Need, a letter from the County of Santa Clara and a letter from the
Humane Society of Silicon Valley, all of which are in your packet. Staff
concluded that the most advantageous proposal was the one received by
Pets in Need. That's presented to you tonight through the term sheet. Our
recommendation tonight is to direct Staff to proceed with exclusive
negotiations with Pets in need to provide animal care services in Palo Alto
and develop a plan for the animal shelter construction or rehabilitation and
to return to the City Council by the end of this calendar year with a
recommended agreement. In a moment what I'd like to do is introduce Al
Mollica, who's the Executive Director of Pets in Need. Al will provide you
with a brief introduction of Pets in Need and verify their financial solvency.
Before Al speaks, I'd like to give you a brief overview of our financial review.
During the RFP process, the City requested the following documents: a 2-
year financial plan with quarterly financial targets which includes earned
income, fundraising and other revenue; direct labor rates for proposed staff;
overhead rate and a breakdown of overhead elements; sub-consultant billing
rates; any markup percentage for other direct costs; all reimbursable
expenses; any other cost and price information and a not-to-exceed
amount; and finally bank and audit statements. Pets in Need was the only
responsible bidder that provided the requested data. In addition to City
Staff reviewing all the financial documents, the City hired an outside
consultant. His name is Vince Forte. Unfortunately he couldn't be here
tonight; he got sick over the weekend. He would have loved to be here to
verify Pets in Need's financial solvency. Vince was recommended to the City
through the Stanford Business School's alumni consulting program. He's a
former bank executive who retired from banking and went on to work in the
nonprofit community and worked with the Oakland Zoo. We do take his
recommendations seriously. With that, what I'll do is turn it over to Al.

James Keene, City Manager: There was a lot of detail in that. If I just
might hit it again at a higher level. I don't have all the numbers in front of
me, but I have a pretty good memory about the journey we've been on as a
community ever since Mountain View's departure as a major partner in 2012
or whenever, driven by their sense that the cost/benefit wasn't in their best
interest. They left the partnership to have the services delivered elsewhere.
                                                                        Page 37 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
