                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman's, but I feel pretty strongly that this isn't the way to
go until we solve another problem. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I also won't be supporting this project but
not for the reasons that are in the Motion. I had some questions for the
applicant. Is that all right?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Whoever who wants to come represent the applicant.
It might be both of you given my questions. My first question is the loading
zone issue. Is that a minor issue that you can redesign it or is that a major
issue?

Mr. Hayes: It's a major issue. The sites aren't combined. It's a 12,000—
the site is just too small as are many in the Downtown to get a 12-foot by
45-foot unloading zone for a truck to come onsite, turn around because you
won't be able to back out, turn around onsite and head out forwards. It's
impossible. I don't know how you'd do it. You'd have a paved—half the
site—you saw my diagrams. Half the site would be paved. That is a very,
very—it's almost a non-starter. I don't think any project in the Downtown,
even the new one at 265 Lytton, has an onsite loading zone.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just want to ask Staff then in follow up. On the
loading zone issue, what did we do at 265 Lytton and do we have the
same—because that's all office, isn't it?

Mr. Hayes: All office.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we don't (crosstalk).

Mr. Hayes: And it has a historic structure on it as well, a historic resource.

Mr. Lait: Jodie's looking that up. We can research that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My next question to you. Would you be willing to
redesign the residential to have 600 to 800 square feet or possibly even
micro units to get more units on the project?

Mr. Hayes: Brad and I have talked about this. It would be—part of the
problem with having four units on that third floor is that it will require us
to—there's something in the Code that allows us to have a single exit story if
we are four units or less. We had a three-story stair originally. If you
remember the drawing that showed the historic house and then the building
                                                                          Page 50 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
