                          TRANSCRIPT
there's not many improvements that would mitigate the difficulty turning
left. Again, a traffic signal would not be warranted.

Council Member Schmid: I guess it is a fire station there, and it's an
important intersection. I guess we need to be sensitive that traffic is
moving. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me wind back a bit to the BMR requirement.
Perhaps one of you can tell me what will be the result of this. As I
understand, the BMR units will not be onsite. There will be—in lieu of that,
what will there be?

Mr. Lait: The applicant would pay into the City's affordable housing fund.
Based on the projected sales of the proposed homes, we would anticipate
collecting $4.2 million in in-lieu fees for the housing development fund.
That's for the 2.4 units that would be required onsite. Based on that, we
have estimates from the Palo Alto Housing Corporation that it costs about
$500,000 to produce a unit including land cost. There is money that can go
toward producing potentially more units elsewhere in the City.

Council Member Kniss: We don't know exactly what number, because we
don't know exactly what amount. I resume it is a percentage when the
houses are actually sold, that comes back to the City in the form of the in-
lieu fee. At this point we can't predict exactly what that will be, but it will be
some number that is times 500. Correct?

Mr. Lait: $500,000. Actually no. The way the fee is calculated is 7 1/2
percent of the actual sales price or the fair market value. When the home is
sold, 7 1/2 percent is the fee amount. There's an analysis that—the
justification that was put forth indicates the sales value for the home. I
thought it was somewhere around—3.75 was projected for eight of the
homes and 3.25 was projected for the balance, for a gross sales revenue of
$56 million times 7 1/2 percent.

Council Member Kniss: What you're saying is that we don't know what
they're actually going to sell for, because they're not built yet.

Mr. Lait: That's right.


                                                                          Page 78 of 116
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/20/16
