                          TRANSCRIPT
Council went into Closed Session at 5:06 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:00 P.M.

Mayor Burt:     ... from a Closed Session item, and we have no reportable
action.

Study Session

2.    Potential List of Topics for Joint Meeting With the City Council and the
      Library Advisory Commission (LAC).

Mayor Burt: We will now convene a Study Session with our Library Advisory
Commission. I would like to turn it over to kick things off to the Chair of the
Commission.

June Loy, Library Advisory Commission Chair: Thank you. I guess I'll just
go stand up and start the presentation.

Mayor Burt: You want to do it from out there?

Chair Loy: Yeah. I think it makes sense, because then I can look at the
screen better. Hang on while we try the technology here. First, I wanted to
thank the City Council for making this session available for us, so we can
talk about the Library and just introduce the members of the Library
Advisory Commission. Sheena Chin is the former Chair. We last met with
the City Council when Sheena was still the Chair, and she continued to be
Chair for nine months, a year or something like that, when I started. Bob
Moss who, I think, is not here yet. Don McDougall and Doug Hagan. Thank
you guys all for coming. Think of this as our table of contents. We have
great libraries. Our libraries are providing superior services for Palo Alto.
They're very popular gathering places. They provide outstanding programs
for our community.       They're paying special attention to our diverse
population, focusing on teens, integrating with bike programs including the
Walk and Roll program. For Council Members, we have a little brochure
about Walk and Roll for you. We've had increased engagement with teens
especially since the opening of Mitchell, increased virtual access for the
digital age, and we're providing very competitive services compared to our
neighboring communities. We do pay attention statistically to what's going
on with the other communities. Don and I met with Mayor Burt as we
worked on this Study Session. He was talking about the importance of using
information and technology to improve the lives of our citizens for today's
and future generations. That's the focus of the Library. The Library
Advisory Commission met in each of the five library branches in the last
year, which gave us a chance to be more acquainted with the branches
                                                                         Page 2 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
