                          TRANSCRIPT
as specific square feet? I'm baffled as to where this has come from and how
it's never come up before and there hasn't been any documentation provided
that supports it. Can Staff respond to those please?

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, all of us have been struggling to get
our arms around this issue and understand it. I can't answer why it hasn’t
come up before. In theory it should have come up in 1999 and 2000 when
this lease line that Council Member Filseth referred to was drawn and the
adjacent building on California was constructed. We do know that the
Research Park as a whole is about 700 acres. Jodie referred to this historical
document of documenting Stanford lands back in the 19th century. I don't
know that that's relevant to any discussions we're having today. We
understand the Research Park to be generally one parcel divided by these
commercial lease lines. It's become an issue with this project because of
the anomaly that we've discussed. The lease line that was drawn in 1999
created a non-conforming situation on the parcel that is proposed for
redevelopment tonight. More than that, I'm not sure I can add.

Council Member Holman: It's important of course because of the legal, non-
conforming. There seems to be conflicting information. It looks like from
some information provided to us that the parcel line adjustment was done in
1998. That created a non-conformancy. In 1999 an additional building was
constructed, and that made the larger parcel have .45 on it and still non-
conforming. How could it be legal, non-conforming—I'm still not clear why
this is legal, non-conforming when no Zoning Code changed.             That
constitutes legal non-conforming, when zoning is applied or changes. I don't
seem to have an answer to that.

Ms. Gerhardt: I think we have two ways of looking at this property. We
have either the 700 acres, which is the legal parcel. Under that scenario,
the 700 acres is allowed 11.2 million square feet. As best we know, there's
only 10.2 million square feet existing. They have an additional 1 million that
they can construct in the Research Park on that 700 acres. If you look at it
that way, they are in conformance with the Code. If you look at it as we
have in past practice, just looking at the lease line itself, you're looking at
the 13.5 acres.     They are legal non-conforming by the Code Section
18.70.100.     Those buildings were legally constructed prior to 1989;
therefore, they can be replaced.

Council Member Holman: Isn't it akin to saying I have a house on my
property that is 0.50 FAR. Let's do it this way. Let's say it's 0.45 FAR which
is 4,000 square feet. I'll make up numbers here. It's legal, but then I
subdivide and sell part of my property to somebody else. I've created my
own encumbrance, so it doesn't become legal and non-conforming. I've

                                                                         Page 65 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
