                            TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we have any concerns that that will injure the
neighborhood character? Do we have any concerns with that?

Mr. Lait: The Staff analysis to this point and Planning Commission review
has not identified any.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Has there been any real concerns from neighbors or
anyone coming and speaking at either ARB or at Planning Commission,
saying that they feel this will injure the character?

Mr. Lait: There were no comments, no public speakers at the ARB meeting.
The comments you heard this evening were similarly expressed at the
Planning and Transportation Commission (PTC). I think there may have
been some disappointment that the focus of this particular item with the
parcel map was not really getting into these other conversations that people
were concerned about. I think there may have been one or two other
speakers at the Commission.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That wouldn't be our role as Council.

Mr. Lait:   Again, we're looking at the parcel map exception and the
subdivision request based on those four findings.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If someone appealed the ARB decision, then those
issues would come to Council.

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The last one is the granting of the exception will not
violate the requirements (inaudible) or spirit of the law. I think you
addressed that when you talked about the neighborhood character, which
seemed to be the reason for having the lot limit. With that, I'll move the
Staff recommendation.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to:

A.    Find the Project exempt from the California Environmental Quality Act
      (CEQA) pursuant to Section 15061(b)(3); and

B.    Approve the Record of Land Use Action for the proposed preliminary
      parcel map application.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak further?
                                                                       Page 27 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/14/16
