                          TRANSCRIPT
sites in the south that the Council has deemed they want to have some
conversation related to seeing that changed, some higher densities,
encouraging smaller units. We're also testing the idea of a Caltrain grade
separation using a trench, which you're all very familiar with. This also
includes some growth management measures in Downtown in particular, a
couple other areas but not as aggressive as Scenario 2. The final Scenario,
Scenario 4, "sustainability tested." What's interesting about this Scenario is
that we're actually not testing any real aggressive growth management
tools. In fact, there really isn't any. Instead, what we're doing is we're
testing the maximum amount of sustainability measures as possible.
There's a whole suite of ones that you could consider within here that would
get you to these numbers. It does also do the housing—moving the housing
sites from south El Camino and adding some additional sites. Here are the
summary tables that were listed in the last four slides. Above is City only,
and below is City and SOI. You can see growth from left to right and from
Scenario 1 to Scenario 4. Most of you are familiar with the Draft EIR and
what it studies. These are the 18 different issue areas studied within the
Draft EIR we're required to do. For those who aren't familiar with this
process, each of these elements are tested against a set of thresholds to
determine the level of impact and potential mitigation needed. That will be
reflected in the hundreds of pages that you'll see in a couple weeks in the
Draft EIR. I want to just give you a sample of some of the metrics that are
considered within the Draft EIR. These are just a few that we picked. We'd
have a dozen slides if we tried to put them all up there. This is the level of
detail that we go into and that you'll see reflected throughout the upcoming
document. This is a short summary of some of the key findings. I think it's
important enough to kind of read through these very quickly. Association of
Bay Area Governments (ABAG) is projecting new residents, growth of new
residents, 310,000, and 14 percent job growth Countywide by 2030. We see
in our findings that shifting housing sites north and increasing residential
density along El Camino Real would not dramatically alter impacts. Vehicles
Miles Traveled (VMT) per capita will decrease with significant regional and
local investment in transit.       A programmatic mitigation can require
enforceable Transportation Demand Management (TDM) plans and payment
of impact fees to address peak hour congestion. We do see a decrease in
the ratio of acres for parkland per resident. We do see actually a pretty
significant decrease in Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions, and we'll be able
to meet the State's goals in that regard. The Draft EIR will have obviously
some pretty lengthy descriptions of the impacts and mitigations within, but
we're not getting into any level of detail on those this evening. I did want to
point out Bullets 2 and 3 here. The vast majority of impacts can and will be
mitigated. Those mitigation measures will be part of our discussions with
the CAC and this body and getting them included into the Comp. Plan
moving forward. We have a lot of work ahead of us. This is just a small
                                                                            Page 44 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
