                          TRANSCRIPT
the terms. Maybe we can even get some examples of what micro unit
design actually looks like. One of the things that—whether it's through
maybe a CAC meeting or other community meeting, to begin to have just
open dialog around some of these issues, a community Town Hall around
what are some of the design issues, what are some of the actual impacts of
kinds of projects. Look at a history of what we've had and begin to have a
real dialog and education process. Maybe the League of Women Voters or
other community organizations could co-sponsor something like that.
Council Member Schmid, I guess you hadn't spoken.

Council Member Schmid:         Just a quick comment.        I think obviously
affordable housing is a critical issue. I would not be in favor of taking Staff
time from the discussion of the Comp Plan, land use, housing,
transportation, economics. It is absolutely essential to setting community
priorities. I guess I would not see this as a distraction of Staff from that
main priority we're involved in.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I might, Mayor and members of the
Council. On the City Manager's behalf, I suspect he would want me to
ensure to say that the issue of work plan and the reconciliation of this new
assignment with the existing work plan certainly is something Staff will need
to take a look at, and bring back in accordance with Council's direction.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you all.

Ms. Gonzalez: Thank you so much. We've been here for 46 years; we're
here to stay. We look forward to collaborating with the community.

Mayor Burt: We're at 7:30 P.M. now.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes Additions and Deletions. I
think the one thing that we have is Item Number 14. That item is intended
to be continued to a date uncertain. Is that correct?

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Does that need a Motion? Yes.

Mr. Shikada: I believe so, yes.

Mayor Burt: Why don't we go ahead and take ...

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Holman
to continue Agenda Item Number 14 - PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an
                                                                        Page 37 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
