                             TRANSCRIPT
Voting For Gabriel Kralik:

Voting For Michelle Kraus:            Berman, Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach

Voting For Ed Lauing:                 Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid

Voting For Christian Pease:

Voting For Jessica Resmini:

Voting For Reshma Singh:              Berman, Scharff, Wolbach

Voting For Srinivasan Subramanian:

Voting For Doria Summa:               DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid

Ms. Minor: Ed Lauing has been appointed to Planning and Transportation
with five votes. We will need to do a second round for the second full term.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. While we're taking up that matter, I wanted to just
share with everyone that the City Manager was away last week for the
International City Management Association Conference, where he was the
recipient of the organization's Award for Career Excellence at their annual
meeting, which is a very esteemed award in what is the International
Association of City Management. I just want to acknowledge—we tend to
take for granted those who we have serving us locally. Outside of our
community, they take a step back and fully appreciate how privileged we are
to have someone of Jim's caliber serving our community. I'd like to re-
present the award to you, Jim. I have it here. It's been stolen from your
office.

James Keene, City Manager: This award is sort of driven by some criteria,
mainly by supporting representative democracy and the effectiveness of
local elected officials. I just want to say that the eight years I've been here
with the Council, I'm sure, has enabled me to do that. You all have made
that very easy to do that sort of work. It's really a testimony to the quality
of the elected representatives of this City in particular. I've had the honor to
work with folks in other communities, but the quality of City Council
Members—I've worked with a whole bunch already just in eight years—has
been really a very high level and high caliber. I share this award with you.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do we have results?

[The Council proceeded to Oral Communications.]

                                                                         Page 21 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
