                          TRANSCRIPT
College Terrace study has found so far. There was a figure that was actually
a Haley and Aldrich figure that was put up here previously, that showed the
area where we have the higher concentrations of TCE at the 1601 California
Avenue site and then showed the boring locations between that area and
California Avenue. I don't know if that would be helpful to put that back up.

Mayor Burt: If that can be pulled back up, that'd be great. I don't know if
anybody knows where it is.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that was one of the public's graphics. That wasn't in
our presentation.

Mayor Burt: We'll wait.

Ms. Gallardo: Meanwhile, if it's okay, I'll have my colleague talk about the
relationship with the sampling.

Peter Scaramella, Haley & Aldrich: My name is Peter Scaramella. I'm with
Haley and Aldrich. There was a preliminary screening done at College
Terrace. I think there was 21 homes that were sampled. There was TCE
detected, but that's, I would say, a preliminary screening. It's a big leap to
then take that data and make conclusions that it's related to the site. We
don't know anybody about the buildings, when they were sampled ...

Mayor Burt: You say—I'm sorry. Let me pause there. You say that’s a big
leap.    We had a source on the site, a former Hewlett-Packard (HP)
underground sump. It's the only known source of TCE in that immediate
area. There could have been incidental dumping on soils in past decades in
addition to the sump. When we see TCE including in the subbasement
areas, I can understand an assertion that we don't have definitive proof that
it is from that location. I don't understand the assertion that it's a big leap
to think that it very well may be from that.

Mr. Scaramella: TCE is a very common chemical. It's detected all over the
South Bay, in sites in Palo Alto, Mountain View, throughout. It's also in
consumer products that are still used today. It's not just associated with
Research and Development (R&D) facilities like this one and semiconductors,
but also automotive repairs. It's ...

Mayor Burt: We don't have any automotive repairs here. We found it in
the—it was found in the crawlspace and not just in the homes. That implies
it's not from any consumer products that may have been used there or
otherwise. It's coming from the soil. I want to make sure we have a
conversation that is not based upon hypotheticals that really aren't well-
founded.
                                                                         Page 42 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
