                          TRANSCRIPT
Council allow Castilleja to proceed with this huge project, then the below
suggestions should be part of the new Conditional Use Permit (CUP). One,
enrollment is not to exceed 450 students.        Two, all new constructed
buildings are to be set back 75 feet from the curb. This will reduce the
visual mass and scale of the project. Three, new constructed buildings
should not exceed the average height of all the residential homes
surrounding Castilleja. This will further reduce the mass and scale of the
project which will help to retain the residential character of the
neighborhood. Thank you very much for listening. Sure appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Hank Sousa, to be followed by
Ken Horowitz. Welcome.

Hank Sousa: Hello, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. I also am
wanting to talk a little bit about Castilleja. I have a slightly different take on
it than Stan. I live on Melville, in the 100 block of Melville Avenue. It's
about 185 feet from the school. Over the last 20 years, the flavor and
enjoyability of the neighborhood has definitely declined. In my opinion, it's
due to too much traffic, too many school events. They last into the evening.
At one point during the past school year in a 14-day period, there were
school events every day. They weren't all after school. Some were in the
mornings; some were in the afternoon; some were in the evening. They all
brought more traffic into the neighborhood. As the school readies the
additional information to provide to you to process their CUP, many of us
concerned neighbors would like the enrollment to be capped at 415. Stan
says 450, but somewhere in that neighborhood would certainly be
acceptable. Part of putting some teeth into the new CUP might be to say roll
back the enrollment over the next few years, so it gets to that low-400 level.
The density of the school is certainly greater than some of its—not
competitors but other private schools in the area. The second concern that
our group has is the idea to build the underground garage. If the school has
fewer events, if they can acquire an offsite parking area, either purchase or
lease, and then shuttle kids to the school, that would eliminate the need to
build the garage. With high speed rail coming, planes are flying lower and
directly over us, it would be nice to have a modest win in our little
neighborhood. With your assistance, we can restore some peace and order
to the neighborhood and have quiet restored. Thanks for listening to our
concerns. Appreciate it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ken Horowitz, to be followed
by Rita Vrhel.

Ken Horowitz: Good evening. My name is Ken Horowitz; I live on Homer
Avenue. I want to talk about a topic that I spoke about, about two years

                                                                            Page 8 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
