                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: No, I think that there are several different issues at play here.
The application came with two different sets of CC&Rs. We haven't reviewed
the CC&Rs for every parcel. There may be additional CC&Rs. I think the
applicant represented to us that there were only two different sets of
documents governing the tract.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to follow up on that and see if your
understanding is the same as mine. If there are changed circumstances,
i.e., the building of four two-story homes, there's a doctrine in the law that
says it becomes a matter of fact of whether or not their change of
circumstances are so great that the CC&Rs are no longer enforceable when
you litigate these cases. I guess I just wanted to understand if you agree
that it would seem that it becomes—litigation becomes uncertain in this
circumstance, and it's not clear who would win.

Ms. Silver: Certainly with respect to the set of CC&Rs that don't have the
safe harbor for the situation where there has been no lawsuit, when we're
talking about those houses, I think that there are a variety of defenses that
a property owner could assert to the enforcement of a CC&R that hasn't
been enforced for years.

Mayor Burt: We will now go to the public. This is a Public Hearing, so we
will open the Public Hearing. We have currently five speaker cards. If
anyone else wishes to speak, please come forward now and submit a card.
Our first speaker is Alison Cormack, to be followed by Jackie Geist.
Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 8:46 P.M.

Alison Cormack: Good evening. Let me start by saying I love living in my
one-story Eichler on Ross Road. I've no plans to build a two-story or sell my
house. I am here tonight to speak against this proposal. As I said to the
Planning and Transportation Commission a number of months ago,
retroactively changing the rules about how homeowners use their property
just doesn't seem appropriate to me. There are really a lot less restrictive
ways to preserve the open space feel in our backyards. For example, the
two-story home next to my Eichler is a thoughtful addition. It does not
affect my backyard or raise any privacy concerns. Massing might need to be
near the front of the lot to accommodate existing home layouts, but it is
certainly possible to have a second story without disturbing your neighbors.
Specifically, I do not believe that our block, which you can see up there,
which has 50 percent of the two-story homes listed in the proposal, fits. We
have seven houses on our side of the street included in this proposal. Two
                                                                       Page 53 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
