                          TRANSCRIPT
know more about, but it has to be in a thoughtful way with people from all
different restaurants involved.

Council Member Wolbach: In the spirit of compromise, again I will accept
that friendly amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “and direct the Policy and Services Committee to evaluate the
concept of a tipped worker exemption and the impacts of advocating for this
concept in Sacramento.”

Council Member Berman:       Thank you.    Let me just check real quick and
make sure I've ...

Mayor Burt: These are long comments on Motions. Let me just say.

Council Member Berman: So many thoughts, but I'll keep them to myself
for now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Before continuing, on the substitute Motion, Council Member
Wolbach, does this accurately capture what you intended? It seems to state
that the Cities Association recommendation is as you have described here.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for pointing that out. Starting the
third line with the word "to" and going through the word "recommendation"
on the fourth line, all that can be scratched. Where it says "to align with the
Cities Association," scratch all that. Actually earlier in that line, the last
word to strike would be the word "recommendation." Thank you for pointing
that out.

Mayor Burt: I want to encourage everybody to be as succinct as possible.
Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I have a lot of problems actually with both
Motions. First of all, I think the overarching goal is to get all the cities in
Santa Clara and hopefully some in San Mateo all on the same page. The
Cities Association Motion does that, and so does yours. I'm glad that at
least that overarching goal is met. I'll start with a couple of things. I
thought the amendment that was just made was a mistake. We expect you
to be in Sacramento, so you can take it up on your own. I see it as very,
very unlikely that this is going to get a lot of traction in Sacramento. I'm
hesitant to commit to spending time on this in Policy and Services. Really, I
have to sit through a couple more meetings on this issue after we passed it.
I'm sort of offended a little bit by that. I thought it was unfortunate. I don't
                                                                         Page 89 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
