                          TRANSCRIPT
established at your Retreat at the end of January or early February. You will
notice that, of course, we added a couple of columns here. At your Retreat,
you'd actually gone up and done some ranking very quickly at that time of
how you saw the projects. I think six or maybe seven is the most that you
could get on a number, but we reflected that in the work plan. We also
added just a little section where we could put a little bit of information about
impacts of the budget on the financial side or the resource side or staffing on
our ability to complete projects. There is a simple green/yellow/red coding
system on here that, in a sense, tries to at least as of where we are right
now, here, almost through the second quarter of the year, where we are as
far as being on target for being able to accomplish the project as you
identified it and identifying that as green. Yellow, as you would think, just
like with the traffic light is caution; there is some questions involved. Red in
particular, in one sense, where we're not able to really make progress at this
point in time and move ahead. There can be various factors for that. It
could be very much the fact that from the very get-go, even we identified
them back in January we hadn't really done an assessment as to whether or
not those projects would be able to be completed even as we identified
them. That's partly reflected here. In some cases, key Staff who are
involved or would be necessary to support the project have left the
organization. Just in Hillary's department, in Planning and Community
Environment, for example, we've had Jessica Sullivan leave, the lead in
Planning. We've lost different Transportation Staff. We lost Jeremy Dennis
who was the lead in Advance Planning on the Comp Plan. It's pretty hard to
stay on schedule, particularly as thin as we are in the support side. I'll make
that point a little more explicitly. These are organized by departments or
office. The idea being, for the most part, there are tradeoffs within a
department supporting something. It's easier to assess the impact of
moving things around, I think, by looking at it this way. We did print out
some other ones that have sorted this based on Council ranking at the
Retreat of the projects. The Clerk's Office has those. If you're interested in
having those, we can go ahead and pass those out. We did supply two
memorandums from the Planning Director to me. There are more projects
on the Council Priority project list, under your four Priorities, in Planning
than in any other department. One related to the Eichler-specific guidelines
directive that you issued recently. The other related to housing issues or
housing options that came up in the Council meeting a couple of months
ago. Partly as just an illustration of the fact that, as we make changes
during the course of a year, our ability to respond to them may be much less
than the Council is thinking at the time you're taking the action or it may
argue for the need to be able to reprioritize some things that are on the
work plan that we may need Council direction for you to say this is much
more important than something else. The thinking here today is to do a
little bit of that today. More importantly is to make sure we have the right
                                                                         Page 29 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
