                          TRANSCRIPT
use from transportation. How does Staff want to respond to that? It does
seem to be they are intrinsically related to each other.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. You're absolutely right.
They're intrinsically related, both Housing and Transportation and the Land
Use Element. It just is a kind of chicken and egg thing; you've got to get
started on one of them. Then you've got to go to the next one, and you've
got to make sure that they all work together at the end of the day. That's
going to be one of the challenges that the Council will face as they start to
get the input from the CAC. As the CAC makes progress and the Council
makes progress on all of these Elements, they have to be internally
consistent and supportive of each other.

Council Member Holman: Impacts not going unaddressed with land use
recommendations for the Comp Plan. That's what you're saying, they need
to be integrated and considered (crosstalk).

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Council Member Holman: The Fry's site which is mentioned quite often. I
know we've talked about doing a specific plan for that. My person view on
that is that if we just develop the Fry's site or plan the Fry's site for housing
or housing and retail or housing and retail and services, they'd be required
to put in some parkland, but we're missing all kinds of opportunities,
creative opportunities, there if we just do basic, typical zoning at that
location given the size of the property and the opportunities that exist there.
What are the mechanisms that are available to us to associate or tie rental
housing, especially, with job locations? Let's just say for instance—probably
the easiest one to address is probably Research Park. If there was housing
built in the Research Park, what mechanism does the City have to associate
those units to be linked to the jobs there?

Ms. Gitelman: Very good question. I think the answer is a little complicated
and would depend on the circumstances. In general, there's a way to
structure housing opportunities to give preferences for workers who work in
Palo Alto, for example. I think we would have to talk to the City Attorney's
Office and develop that idea more fully in the context of a specific proposal.
In general, preferences are acceptable.

Council Member Holman: To go along with that—we won't have the answer
to this—is let's just say someone works at Tesla and they get a unit that's
built in the Research Park, then if that employee moves to a job in San Jose,
then what? I won't expect an answer to that this evening, but is a question
on the list for me. There's a policy, H-29. I know this Staff Report, because
of the work of the CAC, is looking at programs. There is a policy, H-29, in
                                                                         Page 76 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
