                          TRANSCRIPT
Again, on key issues, we have proposed some intensification of project
review for development projects. We need to add capacity to do that. As
part of the fee study, we did add one fee for individual review applications
which are new single-family homes. That's a new fee that will allow us to
add some capacity for review of those projects. Likewise, we need to do
that for other processes. We're going to end on recommendations. We are
recommending that we maintain the community forum so that we can
synthesize Council's feedback into a final version of this second edition of the
Master Plan. We are going to be proposing to formalize the role of Urban
Forestry Staff with some changes to Municipal Code. Specifically, the
officers designated in Title 8 of Municipal Code are in part obsolete; we don't
have those positions any more. We will be proposing some changes there to
formalize.     We are also going to be proposing interdepartmental
collaboration and direction for key input to plans such as the
Sustainability/Climate Action Plan.       We don't have firm numbers on
implementation, but we will be coming back to you with estimates based on
your feedback. There will need to be a fiscal commitment to those long-
term financial implications. I will conclude with that and field questions.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's now go to members of the public. We have
three speakers. Our first speaker is Shani Kleinhaus, to be followed by
Winter Dellenbach. Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus, Santa Clara Valley Audubon.
I guess at this point I don't represent all the others who are here, like the
native plant society and Acterra. I do want to represent that we had
consensus in the meetings. Didn't start that way; we started with each one
coming from a different direction of what they thought the urban forest
should look like. There was one thing that we all agreed on right away, and
that was the urban forest is really one of Palo Alto's biggest assets, and it's
the heart of our quality of life in this City. From there, we went on and
looked at all the different policies and programs and the vision itself. You
have the alternative vision, and I hope you support that. We ended up
with—I learned a lot from that process, I have to say. One of the things that
became more and more obvious is that the Sustainability Plan has to
consider the trees as one of the most important things, and that there is not
enough integration of the Urban Forest Master Plan into other planning
efforts in the City. As a stakeholder also in the Parks Master Plan, there is
more consideration there. I think in the S/CAP it's missing to some extent,
and it's important to combine that. One of the things that we tried to put in
as well, if you remember I gave you those brochures from the San Francisco
Bay Institute on landscape resilient framework for Silicon Valley, Google.
You have that there. Google actually sponsored those. We tried to use that
                                                                         Page 97 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
