                         TRANSCRIPT
and the 1000 to 1100.     Please reconsider including those blocks in this
ordinance.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Data is always good.                 Roman
Kagarlitsky to be followed by Michael Hodos.

Roman Kagarlitsky: First of all, I submitted two cards and only one item. It
might be a good idea from the timing point of view, but I suggest Council
reconsider because somebody who is (inaudible) I think may break my
support for Item Two. Item One, I probably wouldn't support or may
support. I think it's really not a good idea to merge them together. I don't
know law very well, but I understand that the City Council is supposed to
support their constituency. The way it is, it doesn't look like it does. The
next thing is, the way I see it, there is a short-term solution to somehow
ease the problem. Short term and the long term. In the long term, I think
that we should all work together because it's not simple. It's clearly 300
cars is just a joke for the Downtown, 300 parking spaces. Something has to
be done. I support Number Two; I don't support Number One. I think if we
separate them and probably allow more time for Item Number 1 right now,
then probably there will be a way to improve Number One. That's about it.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Michael Hodos, to be
followed by Carmina Littlefield.

Michael Hodos: My name's Michael Hodos. My wife and I have lived in
Professorville for nearly 40 years. I'm also one of the six original RPP
stakeholders who worked diligently for two years with our business
stakeholder counterparts and the City's Planning Department to develop the
current RPP program. Actually, it's quite encouraging to see the widespread
interest in the program as we move forward to roll out a Phase Two in April.
I just would like to take this opportunity to remind the City Council and
those in the audience that of the various elements of the program, the one
component most widely supported by both the residents and the business
community was to make certain that the lower-wage workers were
accommodated by making their permits available at a greatly reduced cost
compared to the salaries they earn. I can also state with great confidence
that the vast majority of my Professorville neighbors have universally
supported these reduced-rate permits from the outset and will continue to
support parking accommodations for merchants and lower-wage workers. In
fact, I think it's safe to say that both the residents and the businesses
recognize and appreciate the central role the lower-wage workers and the
merchants for whom they work contribute to the vitality of the community
as a whole. We know that Palo Alto wouldn't be the same without them.
Thank you.

                                                                      Page 11 of 66
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/23/16
