                          TRANSCRIPT
meeting. Staff come back and say okay, but then this is getting knocked off. I
agree that some of those things could be grouped together. I don't think it's
quite as easy as combining the dots, because some of us might have voted on
all three of the subsets and then essentially one person is getting three votes
on a grouping of a project. That was discussed earlier. I don't know if it's
going to happen, but Staff needs to keep that in mind if they do that kind of
grouping together. We got a lot done last year, but I thought we had an insane
amount of meetings. I can complain and nobody will care, but as Cory said, it's
the impact on Staff. Not only do they have to be at the meeting, but they have
to prepare for the meeting and they have to be prepared to answer any random
question a Council Member might ask about anything that's on the meeting.
We all spend probably an hour preparing for every hour in a meeting,
sometimes more, sometimes less. I imagine for Staff it's the same thing if not
more. We are our own worst enemies when it comes to discussing and—we
always talk about this at Retreats. As the [video malfunction] onto the work
plan. We can't do everything we want to do. It's on us. We talk about it every
year, and then we don't follow it. I would love for us to have hard rules on the
length of time in Council meetings. That would be difficult at first, but I think it
would force us to be more concise. We would quickly realize that we can get
the same amount of work done in 75 percent of the time. Getting out of
Council meetings at 12:30, everybody's next day is kind of blown after that.
Again, that's on us. Whether it's the Mayor at the beginning of item saying
everybody's going to get three minutes or four minutes or five minutes on a
first round, I think we'll find that we actually can say—it's like the 20/80 rule.
You can say 80 percent of what you want to say in 20 percent of the time.
That next 80 percent of the time you're just droning on and really not adding a
whole lot of value to your talking points. Committee meetings, same thing.
One thing to consider—our Staff does an amazing job. There are times—it's not
all the time—where a Staff presentation might be quite long. If maybe there's
a rule for Staff presentations also of 10 minutes or 15 minutes if it's a more
complicated subject. There have been times where I've felt like we've had a
half hour Staff presentation for something that wasn't that complicated. Just
trying to find ways to streamline our meetings. If we're just talking at a high
level right now, those are kind of my high level thoughts.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Three Council Members have mentioned the 11:00 as
a reasonable time to end meetings for Council Members, for Staff, for the
public. I think there's been a procedural change taking place this year with
Staff reports now coming out nine, ten days ahead of the meeting, a request
for questions by Wednesday with a Staff response by Friday. It seems to me
that, if taken seriously, could get on the table for the Staff and the public
before the meeting a lot of the critical questions and maybe get Council during
                                                                           Page 67 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
