                         TRANSCRIPT
as the one who's facilitated for you over the last 2 years, a process seems to
have found its rhythm. That said, it's really up to you to make that call.
The purpose of the debrief is to take a look at this now second year and
receive any comments that you might have from us, from your CAOs, if
there are any in this meeting, and even from MRG, because we are a partner
with you in this process. With that in mind, what I would suggest is that, if
you have any comments on what worked well about the 2016 process, we
hear about it, what changes would be desirable and why, and then any
considerations for 2017. If I could just maybe highlight a few things for you,
and then you can open it up, Mr. Chair, for your discussion and comments.

Council Member Holman: Are you Chair?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I am.

Ms. Figone: Chair instead of Chair Kniss. The first thing is that similar to
last year we sent out an online survey to all Council Members and to the
CAOs to receive your feedback about this year's process. The results of that
confidential survey are shown as Attachment 1. I won't read it to you.
Essentially out of the 13 individuals who received the survey, we did receive
4 responses, 2 Council Members and 2 CAOs. I would say overall there's
high satisfaction with the process. People involved felt it was meaningful
and useful. They felt that they understood what was expected of them,
because this is a long process with a lot of iterations. They felt prepared to
participate; that their voice was heard; that the methods of input which led
to draft performance evaluations were useful for that purpose; and that the
discussions were really meaningful between the Council Members in your
initial deliberations and then with the CAOs. Just as an aside, as a former
City Manager, I think that's really what's most important in this process, to
prepare you to have a meaningful conversation with each of the CAOs. We
had an open-ended question for all respondents, if there was anything else
MRG should know. There was an opportunity to comment for each of the
questions. With that in mind, I'd say generally all the feedback is very
positive and constructive. The one area, which we highlighted in the report,
that I do think is important for you to comment on is the area of input that
was used in 2015 where the Council sought input from the direct report
about the performance of the CAOs. I go through that in some length in the
Staff Report, but let me just give you the thumbnail essence of what was
happening and where we ended up last year and then our thoughts about
moving forward for your concurrence or direction. In 2015 when MRG
became the new consultant after the City using a consultant for many years,
there had recently been introduced—I don't know how recently—with the
former consultant a practice of seeking input from the workforce. Actually,
it wasn't the entire workforce but what was called the direct reports of the
                                                                                      Page 2 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
