                          TRANSCRIPT
exactly what we're seeing here tonight is a huge improvement. It's better in
some ways; it's worse in some ways. I share ARB Member Lew's concerns
about what this looks like from the street. I don't think it's very attractive.
I think it's imposing. Aesthetically, it's not very pleasing. I think people
who live nearby are not going to be impressed and are not going to be
pleased by it. I think it's important to think about that and think about how
we can take Board Member Lew's concerns into consideration. I do think it
is a good location for housing. I appreciate that the applicant has looked for
ways to add housing. I'm still looking for ways to add more. I'd be
interested in exploring how we can facilitate that, how we could encourage
that. I'd be interested in hearing how open to that the applicant is. I do
think there should probably be more BMR units as part of that. I think
honestly if we're looking somewhere in the 13-18 unit range, 20 percent of
that would be two, three or fourish BMR units, somewhere in that range. I
do think we need smaller units. We know this throughout Palo Alto that
one-bedrooms and studios are what we're really lacking. Again, I'll go back
to Staff and the applicant and ask what stands in the way of you being able
to do that. We've talked in the past and have heard Council Member DuBois
and others and I've said in the past we should really have a zoning option
that's mixed use, that's residential heavy, where you can have the vast
majority be residential with ground-floor retail or retail and a little bit of
office. It seems that in this area in particular that's what would be most
appropriate. I like that there is a lot of ground-floor retail. I think that's
important. If I was looking at this correctly, it looks like it's unbroken on the
street face, and then the office on the ground floor is tucked behind that. If
you're going to have office on the ground floor, it makes sense to hide it like
that. To be honest, Palo Alto doesn't need a lot more office space. What we
really need is retail and especially housing. This question of how we manage
the parking in association with whatever goes here is really, really
important. I mentioned it before, and I'll just reiterate it. We've talked
about having sites where the parking is decoupled from the housing, so that
people could say, "I don't need a parking space. I don't want to pay for a
parking space. Don't give me a parking space." Then, the question is where
does their car go. What we have to do is find some way of enforcing that
they are not going to be parking up the neighborhood and impacting quality
of life and the impact of parking that exists already in that area. Again, we
already have some RPP permits in some neighborhoods near there, at least
in College Terrace. We're going to have more going in. I would speculate
that Ventura is a likely candidate for also considering an RPP system in the
not too distant future. I'm thinking about the future of this site in that
context. I'm not sure yet how we proceed. I'm really interested in hearing
from my colleagues and from the applicant about how do we proceed in
having a better project that makes better use of the site than the current
ugly building, but that isn't as visually imposing and is more welcoming to
                                                                         Page 43 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
