                          TRANSCRIPT
Lastly, one Full Time Equivalent (FTE) Street Maintenance Assistant for post-
closure maintenance of the landfill. That will be offset by a reduction of
almost the same amount in hourly positions, 0.86. Lastly, there is one
Program Assistant, one for the Bryant Street Garage Teen Program. That
will be offset by a reduction of 0.71 FTE hourly positions. That will be in
Community Services. In Libraries, there's the addition of a half-time Senior
Librarian, and an increase basically generating on top of another position, a
full-time Senior Librarian. We'll be offsetting that with the elimination of an
equivalent of the same number, one FTE, of hourly position reductions in
Library. There is a proposal for a Senior Human Resources Administrator to
manage City-wide workers' compensation activities. When we get into the
budget in detail with Finance, we'll talk about why we expect that to be a
cost-recovery item. One Desktop Technician to support Help Desk requests
Citywide, also offset by a reduction of one FTE hourly position. A net in that
area of 10 positions overall. Again, a little over three of them in the General
Fund. On the utility rate side, I think we've shared some of these numbers
with the Council already before. This is one of the first years that we've
actually had an increase of all of our utility rates. I think since I've been
here, this is the first time that we have had that. The combinations you can
see up there. The yield is a proposed increase in the average residential bill
in total of $22.42 a month. My recollection is the Electric Fund, which is the
largest here, of 11 percent, of course, very much connected with the
drought and the hydro situation and other factors. We have not had an
increase in the Electric Fund since 2009, as I recall. If we look at Citywide
budget proposals, just trying to pull out some highlights within this budget
beyond just these numbers about the revenue and expenditure level
changes and the staffing positions we have. One is at this moment the
budget includes $1 million in General Fund dollars to continue expenditures
for Project Safety Net into Fiscal Year 2017. That will include both the
operational costs for the Project Safety Net Executive Director and that
support and the potential ongoing costs for maintaining means restriction
through 2017. We expect to have some conversations with the Council
about alternatives in that area going forward. As of right now, that $1
million is funded in the General Fund. Secondly, there is a $2.3 million hit
for the first time on the General Fund. That is a result of the transferring
the cost for our street light and traffic signal program from the Electric Fund
to the General Fund. Not something that I would say is from the good news
department. It's driven by requirements associated with Proposition 26,
which was passed—what? Three, four years ago, that actually would direct
the reallocation of these charges when there is a change in the rates in the
utility. We have not been in this situation up until now. With the increases
we have in the Electric Fund, it's driving this $2.3 million which would be an
ongoing cost we're going to have to deal with. I mentioned earlier that we
have a large Capital Improvement Program. I think as the Committee gets
                                                                         Page 35 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
