                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Could you clarify just that? I thought when you
first referred to the Context Based Design Criteria Attachment C, I thought
you said those only applied Downtown.

Mr. Lait: Different parts of the City—Amy will correct me where I'm wrong.
There are context-based design criteria for different parts of the City. For
the Downtown area, we've attached what they are today in the Code. I
believe that these same criteria also apply on El Camino, Middlefield, San
Antonio. It's not just Downtown but other parts of the City. It's not just
Downtown, but there's some minor deviations between some areas.
Substantively this is the same in most of our commercial areas.

Council Member Holman: Would it satisfy the concern that Staff has, instead
of the language that's in 2(c) on Packet Page 232, to say "is consistent in
the Downtown, California Avenue and El Camino locations with the Context
Based Design Criteria"? If you have to make those anyway, why not just
clarify and simplify by plugging those in and make it apply to all three of
those locations?    What I'm hearing right now is that there are some
differences among the three.

Mr. Lait: I feel like we have it in Finding Number 1 where we talk about how
the project needs to be "consistent with the Zoning Code including," there's
a parenthetical reference and very explicitly including Context Based Design
Criteria as applicable, which would be to most commercial projects. I feel
like we have that standard written into the finding already. I feel like 2(c)
adds a layer of complication just in terms of the structure of the findings, the
needing to now reference Downtown Business District and California Avenue
Business District with a map, and sort of duplicating some of the work that
we're doing. Again, the duplication is not a huge issue. In theory, we're
getting it at Finding Number 1. Not just for Downtown and Cal. Ave., but
throughout all of the commercial districts where there are context based
criteria.

Council Member Holman: I guess where my difficulty is—if you can help me
with this, please—that what you have put in Attachment C is what applies, if
I understand correctly, Downtown. We don't have in front of us an example
of what applies to El Camino or California Avenue. How do we know what
we're losing if we take out 2(c) on Packet Page 232?

Mr. Lait: You're not losing anything on El Camino, because you're not
making a specific reference to El Camino.

Council Member Holman: We might.

Mr. Lait: What's that?
                                                                          Page 43 of 56
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/14/16
