                          TRANSCRIPT
waiver of maximum size to give us in a way the same number of housing
units that are there now, but they're doubling the square footage of those
units.    They will all be much larger than virtually anything in that
neighborhood. What's the reason for abandoning the zoning limits? What's
the justification for parcel zoning size?

Mr. Lait: Is that a question to Staff? Yes, thank you. Just so I'm clear. The
justification for the one larger unit, the one larger size? There's an existing
lot that's some 30,000-plus square feet in size. It is not possible to divide
that lot into smaller lots that are more compatible with the lot pattern in the
area. You cannot get three conforming lots and you cannot get four
conforming lots due to minimum lot dimensions, both the width and the
depth of a property and the total area minimum of 6,000 square feet. Given
the lot width constraints and the lot depth constraints, the way to carve out
this particular property you can get three lots, but one of them would
necessarily, at least, have to exceed some standard. There are other ways
to carve this up. There could be …

Council Member Schmid: If you look a block away on El Cajon, there are a
number of parcels there that would use the same square footage and have
four parcels on it. It's not that it can't be done.

Mr. Lait: It just can't be done and still meet certain zoning standards.

Council Member Schmid: Which zoning standards?

Mr. Lait: It would depend on how that was configured. The applicant has
looked at this, and they're proposing one approach. I imagine the applicant
could speak to other iterations that they've explored. To get four lots here,
we would have to grant an exception to some other element of the Code.
Maybe it's lot width. Maybe to do four lots you couldn't have a 60-foot
frontage. Maybe it could only be a 55-foot frontage. Maybe you can't get
the 100-foot depth. Those are the tradeoffs, and that's something to …

Council Member Schmid: The only justification for exceeding parcel size is
difficulty of design, of any alternative. Is that what you're saying?

Mr. Lait: The applicant has an interest in taking this one large parcel—
there's a couple of these in the neighborhood. This particular parcel, they
have an interest in being able to redevelop it with new single-family homes.
Based on the lot shape and our development standards, there's only so
many combinations, I think, that work. Yes, the request is before the
Council with this one exception, to exceed that lot area.

Council Member Schmid: One other question. Will the property be sold?
                                                                         Page 19 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
