                          TRANSCRIPT
last mile technologies that are already emerging and these other emerging
transformations in shared, autonomous or semi-autonomous vehicles and
what that means for the Transportation Element over the time horizon this is
being written for?

Ms. Costello: Elaine Costello again. There was a lot of discussion of that at
the transportation—it may not come across, and that's important for us to
know, that it might need to be a little more oomphed up. There was quite a
bit of discussion about that. On the first-last mile, there was a lot of—that
was really one of the focuses of this. The kind of concept that the
transportation subcommittee and the CAC were looking at was trying to
make the Transportation Element sort of poised—we used the phrase poised
for change in our discussions, knowing that we weren't quite ready to make
some of these changes yet because they're still evolving but to have the
General Plan being anticipatory of those and be ready to implement them as
they came along. If that isn't coming across, that's something that we
would definitely look at. It certainly was, in this Element in particular, really
a lot of the thinking and a lot of the discussion. Some of the wordsmithing
that went in was with that intent. We're happy to take a look at it and say
maybe we wordsmithed too much and not enough big picture.

Mayor Burt:    I'll hit it mostly in my comment period.        I would say
emphatically my feeling is that this is very tepid in terms of embracing
transformative changes that are either happening or on the horizon. We
have to walk a line. Are we embracing something that we don't have
enough clarity on yet, but do we anticipate these changes will be on the
horizon and that we're saying we intend to embrace them as they emerge. I
don't know what it is. I don't get either of those messages. I don't see any
other questions from Council. We have one speaker card, Robert Moss.
Welcome.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I was a little
hesitant to get into this because the programs are kind of general, and I had
a very specific issue that I wanted to raise. That's local transit. You may
not be aware of it, but about 45 years ago Palo Alto had its own bus system.
We ran buses through local streets. Ran them on Middlefield, on San
Antonio, Charleston, Arastradero. There was a bus stop, for example, on
Los Robles at Amaranta and on Los Robles at Laguna and Barron. In the
early '70s, Palo Alto merged the bus system with VTA. It took about a year
before VTA eliminated almost all of the local bus lines, and they never
brought them back. Their proposal to reduce buses in Palo Alto is nothing
new. They did it to us before. Local shuttle systems are touched upon in a
number of programs. For example, Programs T1.5, 1.5.1, 1.10.3, 1.13,
1.14.1, 7.6, 7.9, all of those mention shuttle programs, but they never talk
                                                                         Page 99 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
