                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I had a conversation with Jean McCown from the applicant's
side as well as Lenny Siegel from the community. We will now continue with
returning to the Council for discussion. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Can I first just address the procedural issue here?
The subject has been raised and I have the question too, having served
several years on the Planning and Transportation Commission. If there are
changes to streets and 29 buildings relocated, it seems to me that should
have to go back to the Architectural Review Board (ARB) and to the Planning
and Transportation Commission. The project is here for a subdivision map
act. Shouldn't we also have to go to the Planning Commission for that? I
want to start out with just the procedural question. I'm confused why we're
doing the process the way we are.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you, Council Member
Holman. Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. The reason why we
are at this juncture is because the tentative subdivision map has already
been approved and the final map has already been approved by the Council.
Once the final map has been approved and recorded, there are two ways to
amend the final map. The first way is to really make technical, minor
corrections. That was the procedure that Mr. Balin had indicated in his
opening remarks, that he thought was improper. We do agree that this
situation does not fit within that statutory procedure. There is a second
way, though, to amend a final map. That goes directly to the Council.
There is not a requirement that it go to the Planning and Transportation
Commission. The Council needs to make the four findings that are in the
Staff Report.    Basically the bulk of the findings are their changed
circumstances, as Director Gitelman mentioned in her opening remarks.

Council Member Holman: What about ARB and circulation, because at least
one roadway has changed. Circulation on this site has, thus, changed. The
ARB is supposed to look at not only building design, which they're not doing
here, but site layout and circulation. That isn't happening here either.

Ms. Silver: This, of course, is governed by the Development Agreement and
the particular ARB rules applicable to this site. The application only requires
ARB review of the outer area, the California Avenue fronting sites. Because
this particular reconfiguration does not touch that area, it was determined it
didn't need to go back to ARB for review.

Council Member Holman:     The application doesn't require it or the
Development Agreement doesn't require it?

Ms. Silver: The application for the new layout does not touch the California
Avenue frontage.
                                                                         Page 33 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
