                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I was trying to get at is it the Development
Agreement that determines that only the perimeter buildings get reviewed or
is it the application? I was ...

Ms. Silver:    I see.   It's the Development Agreement that specifies a
particular Zoning Code standard and ARB review.

Council Member Holman: Would that apply also to any changes to the
streets for circulation? Did Fire look at—we have a difference of opinion
about whether something changed or not in terms of street width or
configuration. Did the Fire Department look at it and what about ARB and
the circulation?

Ms. Silver: I'll defer to Jodie on that one.

Ms. Gerhardt: The Fire Department has reviewed the amendment to the
subdivision. They signed off on the review pretty quickly and were not even
given the re-submittal plans. They were fine with the revisions.

Council Member Holman: I don't think we had anything that indicated that,
unless I overlooked it. There's a lot of documentation, so it's possible. Did
we have anything that demonstrated that?

Ms. Gerhardt: Working with the Fire Department is part of our regular
planning review process. I have a lot of paperwork as well. I'd have to dig
through and find it for you.

Council Member Holman: Mayor Burt, I have several questions. Do you
want me to hit a few and then come back? I don't want to take up so much
time.

Mayor Burt: I realized that I actually need to take a break to be able to
confer with Staff on a procedural issue. Let's go ahead and take a five
minute break, and then we'll return and continue.

Council took a break from 8:09 P.M. to 8:17 P.M.

Mayor Burt: I know that Council Member Holman has some more questions,
but let's go ahead and proceed. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: You have to give me a second to get back in the
mindset. I had a couple of questions, some of which have been addressed.
One had to do with this issue of horizontal migration that was raised by, I
think, Mr. Siegel.   What is the applicant's response to concerns that
horizontal migration of these vapors might be occurring at this site? What
does Staff think about that as well? Let me start with the applicant.
                                                                       Page 34 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
