                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “draft language for Council
consideration regarding” after “direct Staff to return with.”

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually would have supported "A." I think it's good.
I'm glad the Mayor changed it to be that we don't make the decision tonight.
I think that's really important. I can support that. I'm cautious and
concerned about a definition of demolition and what that means to Staff. Do
we have a definition of demolition? What I'm gathering Council Member
Holman is saying is demolition is these houses come up, there's a bunch of
dry rot, people change out the wood and, therefore, in her mind it's
demolition. It's a replica rather than the exact because we've taken the dry
rot wood and replaced it with new wood.

Mayor Burt: I didn't hear her say that at any time tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did. That's what I understood.      If I'm incorrect on
that, we can—that's how I understood it.

Council Member Holman: It is incorrect. It's assuming—I understand why.
It's assuming that there's a physical deterioration that's causing this. My
observations on many, many, many occasions is that is not the case. It is
strictly just a dismantling and then a rebuilding. There are some elements
sometimes, but it's certainly not the reason for a massive demolition as
what's happening. We do have a definition of demolition currently. It is
pretty minimalist.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the issue I wanted to just briefly understand. Is
Staff in agreement that if it's dry rot, they have a right to replace it. If
there's nothing wrong with the wood, then you wouldn't replace it. Is this a
definitional issue or is this not following our current definition? What is
going on with that?

Ms. Gitelman: There is currently not a definition of demolition either in the
Zoning Code or in the Building Code. It's also true that even with a
definition this is in many cases a question of interpretation. We will approve
a project that says a certain number of walls or an area of the house is
required to remain in place. Then, the builder gets out in the field, there's
dry rot or there isn't dry rot, and it becomes an interpretation by the
inspector about whether the project has conformed to the plans. I think this
is a discussion we could have. I'd like my colleague in the Development
Center to be present and just talk about how projects make their way

                                                                       Page 71 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
