                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to basically follow up on what the City
Manager just said. My view of this is there's lots of great technology that
will make Palo Alto a Smart City, that will provide convenience, will give us
great data of how to plan. We want all that data. I thought your point
about bike counts was really good, but it's not just bike counts. It's car
counts. I think we're going to see a lot more of that, and we should see a
lot more of that. I actually do want to see a lot more of that. I want people
to have confidence that their personally identifiable—when we count bikes,
we count cars, we're not counting their license plates. We're not seeing
where they move. There's nowhere you can follow them around, but we get
the patterns of the big data. That's really what we want. Then, we can do
our planning as a City Council and as a community based on good data. I
think the more of that we have—I'm actually hoping that what we do is we
put policies in place that allow us as a City and a City Staff to feel more
comfortable. Every time you put a bike counter up somewhere, the citizens
don't have to be concerned because they know we have a strong policy that
says it's not personally identifiable. You can with confidence say, "Yes, let's
put a bike counter. Let's put car counters." There's all the utilities stuff. As
we become a Smart City, all that utility information we're going to have to
safeguard. I don't think it would be appropriate for people to know how
much water a particular citizen used without having a discussion about
things like that or how much electricity they used. I think those raise huge
issues of privacy.      I think you want to have personally identifiable
information to be very safeguarded. The best way to do this is to have a
policy beforehand. I think it's not just surveillance. A lot of the smart city
stuff—I think it's all about personally identifiable information. I think we
should limit Policy and Services to some extent to be looking at personally
identifiable information. For drones, there's a lot of uses of drones in
utilities. They fly along the lines to make sure there's not a problem with
them. They may want to fly along our lines as part of coming in from
Northern California Power Agency (NCPA) or something like that. There may
be small drones or something that actually go through the sewer pipes or
something like that. I think we just want to—there's tons of this kind of
technology. We just want to make sure that we're not invading someone's
privacy and collecting personally identifiable information. That's my view of
it.

Mayor Burt: A couple of questions that I have. At a higher level, given that
this is potentially a lot of policy elements to look through, without
attempting to answer this question tonight, a question I would have is
whether we would want to consider breaking this up into categories of either
those aspects that are least complicated or least contentious or most
                                                                          Page 60 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
