                          TRANSCRIPT
down. Now we're sort of being prescriptive about what goes where. We
may choose to do that, but it's a significant policy shift from where we
started out. I'm sensitive to the City Manager's comment of let's not do this
tonight. If we're going to do something like this, let's give Staff time to
think about it. We have a plan of record that we've been working towards,
that we all sort of understand finally. If we're going to shift that around,
let's be really careful.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I like the Motion that we have in front of us. I
think there are two things for me that are very essential. "C" implies that
we will be around 1,500 as a base number that we're working from. D.iv
says that there's some leverage that should come out of this to make it
work. I would add one qualification. Mr. Buchanan handed out a map. The
only difference with this map is that it shows 80 percent, and the 80 percent
is concentrated in areas 1, 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7. If we eliminate 9 and 10, the
danger is that there will be more pressure, the two hour parking plus the
permits, in those inner areas. Maybe it implies that Staff can look and say
should some of those be distributed to 3 and 8. I think we have enough
data to see that there's a potential squeezing into the inner sectors where
the two hour parking is so intense along with the permits in there. Maybe
some relook at 3 and 8 would be helpful. Those are my comments.

Mayor Burt: I want to bring up one on D.iv. I think we want to give general
direction that it would be businesses that participate in the TMA or a Staff-
approved TDM program. If you take Channing House, they're not in the
area that is in the TMA. They could elect to participate. We had a
boundary, and perhaps we would say, "You can join the TMA, and you don't
have to be in the prescribed boundary." I want to give some latitude on that
approach. The same thing with the School District. It may be best to have
them have a TDM program, which they ought to have if they don't have it or
maybe they already do. First is that acceptable?

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Council Member Berman: Yep.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part D.iv., “or a Staff
approved Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Program” after
“Downtown Transportation Management Association (TMA).”

Mayor Burt: Second, with that TMA, right now I think we have a suggested
fee structure, but it's toothless. It doesn't come close to providing the funds
                                                                      Page 112 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
