                          TRANSCRIPT
added to our streets. It's not a like 30 percent reduction is going to save
the day if we keep growing the way that we have been. I don't hear
anybody saying that we want to stop growth. That's not where I am. We
have to consider what the impacts of growth are in terms of trips and what a
30 percent success rate even indicates for the future of transportation and
congestion in this community. I am hoping and promoting a 2017 ballot
measure and spending the next year to work on outreach to appropriate
entities including the residents and more outreach to the business
community and identifying more finitely what monies would be used for and
how much money was to be raised. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Going back to where I was starting off. I think there are good
arguments to be made on each side of the question of going forward on it at
this time. I don't think we need to use distortions of facts or hyperbole or
misrepresentation to be able to have this discussion around the good
arguments. Vice Mayor Scharff said that two-thirds of the pollees thought
that the measure was rushed. That's actually not what the question was. It
was whether an argument that it was rushed, whether it was rushed or not,
whether that argument would be a persuasive argument.                   That's an
important distinction. The City Manager earlier didn't say that—his response
on the quality of Staff work was in response to Council Member Wolbach's
questions about whether something more complex could be done. His
response was that if it was a more complex measure, it would be trying on
the Staff's ability. I think, frankly, either way it'll be trying. That's not what
he had said. This notion that somehow it's a flaw that we have tentatively
looked at 50 as the number at which a business would pay full share, that
argument could be made no matter what number is picked. That's just an
argument that you would use if you want to defeat whatever comes up. It
reminds me of when we had the last business license tax, and we had
extensive outreach to the business community. I had some concerns about
that tax, frankly, because it was before we had made reforms to our own
City government on pensions and benefits. It wasn't focused principally on
infrastructure. It was not rushed. I'm sorry, Council Member Berman, you
weren't there. It wasn't a rushed measure. What actually did happen is it
was kind of a whack-a-mole. No matter what scenario was proposed,
virtually the same members of the business community opposed the
changes that were made. The notion that we're going to likely see business
support, if we did an extensive outreach and we somehow refine this, is very
wishful. We, for instance, on the last TOT increase and the previous TOT
increase as well as the previous business license tax, the Chamber has
opposed all of those. The last one went with extensive outreach, with a very
focused purpose, which frankly got 70 percent support or thereabouts, over
70 percent from the electorate. The Chamber and the business community
opposed it as well. The notion that we're going to see support from the
                                                                           Page 84 of 98
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/27/16
