                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Nguyen: I've never spoken in front of Council before, so I'm a little bit
nervous. My name is Henry Nguyen; I'm working for the City of Palo Alto,
Electrical Engineering Department as a Senior for 14 years now. I came to
the City because we had a very good benefit and salary package, but lately
I've noticed that we're falling behind compared to other local municipality
utilities like Santa Clara and Roseville. In particular, I lost an engineer back
in August to them, because they have a 2.7 percent, what they call classic
employee Public Employees Retirement System (PERS) retirement. He can
go there and get a 2.7 retirement plan. They also have a higher salary
package. We went out to hire a replacement for him, and since August we
went through August 'til December, and we found only two qualified
candidates. We made them two offers, and they turned us down citing that
we have low salary and compensation package. The reason why I'm here
today is I'm just asking the Council to look into considering the newest
contract that City of Santa Clara and Roseville just have for their electric
engineering. Those are the closest to the current market. With those, we
will bring our salary package closer to the market so we wouldn't have such
a hard time looking for engineers for our department. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jim Pachikara. Is that it?

Jim Pachikara: Yes, thank you. Mayor and Honorable Council Members, my
name is Jimmy Pachikara, and I'm a Senior Electrical Engineer for the City of
Palo Alto in the Utilities Department. With the help of other Seniors like
Henry, we lead the Staff of the Electrical Division and, as a whole, we are
the ones designing the entire electric system and the dark fiber network.
We continuously review the systems to create projects, maintain it and keep
up with demands. Tonight we want to stress that retaining and hiring
diverse and well-experienced leaders, Senior Electrical Engineers, is critical
to keeping the system up and running. The Utilities Department has not
been able to hire an experienced Electrical Engineer with electrical utility
experience since 2007. Any position posted since then has been filled with
engineers with the right qualifications but requires many years of training
still. In the immediate future, we are expecting retirements and don't have
any internal candidates to promote. City of Palo Alto (CPA) Utilities cannot
sustain the electrical system by continuing to hire inexperienced engineers
and expect them to be leaders after just a couple of years. Even retaining
those younger engineers with high potential are forecasting their career path
and have left for an opportunity at Santa Clara or another utility if it means
better pay later. The electric utility industry is about to experience some
dramatic changes with electric vehicles, smart grid, local government
electrification programs and the influx of solar panels and other renewable
energy, all of which Palo Alto is about to face head on. We need to maintain
a balanced group of experienced engineers while Utilities goes through these
                                                                            Page 2 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
