                         TRANSCRIPT
contract the valet service, we could change the color of the lights above the
valet service to a specific color, for instance. That system is inherently
flexible. The other systems, the level-by-level system and the facility count
system are less flexible.

Council Member Holman: I think my last question is—two questions. One is
if we build the fifth garage Downtown, this cost is $2 million for four
garages. If we build a fifth garage, is it exponentially more or is it—what
does the cost go to if there's a fifth garage?

Ms. Sullivan: I think we would need to kind of look further to include that in
the construction of a new garage. Retrofitting tends to be more expensive
because you do have to—if you do the single space option, you do have to
route conduit to get power and communications to all the sensors. Installing
loops, which would probably be used for a facility level system, is much less
expensive. Loops typically cost about $500 a piece. To retrofit with single
space is more expensive. I think we could probably get you some better
numbers at a new build.

Council Member Holman: At what point will Staff be coming with some more
recommendations that clarify what the potential funding sources are? That's
a lot of money. We have the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority
(VTA), potentially use some of that. We have some polling we're going to be
doing for an employee tax measure potentially. The Staff Report mentions
another funding source but questionably.

Ms. Sullivan: Initially our recommendation right now is that we look at the
wayfinding systems or the wayfinding signage. We could look at using
University Avenue Parking Permit funds for that signage. For the parking
guidance systems, we do think the costs are obviously potentially extensive,
and we would need to kind of complete our Downtown Parking Management
Study, which would do a sort of parking revenue study that would help us
figure out how much money could we generate doing that sort of thing and
then how long would it take to fund something like this. Right now, we don't
have CIP money for either of these projects.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. That's enough questions for now.

Mayor Burt: Yes. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Luckily, Karen, you've covered a lot. Let me start
where Karen left off, which is at the money. I can hardly think of anything
that's going to actually pull us into the 20th century, 20th, anymore than
this will do. We've talked about it now 3-4 years. Marc and I both think we
made a Motion two years ago.
                                                                        Page 54 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
