                         TRANSCRIPT
Council and public will enjoy seeing and experiencing this new temporary art
on the plaza. That completes my report for this evening.

Mayor Burt: I have one follow-up question. You mentioned the Downtown
TMA Survey. My recollection is that the Stanford Research Park TMA a
number of months ago was doing a survey in the same methodology as the
Downtown. Is there any chance we could get their results as well?

Mr. Shikada: Let me follow up and see if that's available.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes that item.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have four speakers.
If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring a card forward at this
time. Our first speaker is Palo Alto Free Press, to be followed by Sea Reddy.

Palo Alto Free Press: Liz, like yourself, I've been to Cuba on multiple
occasions. It's a wonderful country. I'm going to be playing a recording,
and I'm hoping that after you listen to this recording you will release the
embargoes on Palo Alto Free Press. [Recording played.] I would like the
City Attorney's Office to lift the prohibition on Palo Alto Free Press and its
sanctions. We want to be able to have the same, equal access as the
Weekly. As you know, the Weekly is a blog. When I attempt to report on
items here within the City, I am completely turned off. I have no access.
I'm requesting that City Council just reevaluate Molly Stump's prohibition,
release those sanctions. I would like fair and equal treatment. This is not
Cuba.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sea Reddy, to be followed by
Rita Vrhel.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mayor and City Council and citizens of Palo Alto.
I'm going to bring up an item that has been in the newspapers in the last 48
hours about the California National Guard.          Apparently about 1,000
recipients that received bonuses when they signed up, similar to Wells Fargo
fiasco that the people that were signing them up had motivation to sign
them up for different reasons. Now they're asking the California National
Guard, these people that served in the recent wars and returned, moving on
with their lives, have a lot of money to pay back, anywhere from $10,000 to
$40,000. I'd like the citizens of Palo Alto and the Council and the Mayor to
please convey your concern about this and help the veterans. They've done
their duty to the National Guard. Please do that. That's all I'm asking about
on this item. I have another item about Wells Fargo. If the City of Palo Alto
                                                                       Page 40 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
