                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Can you remind me what was going on economically
and so forth at that point that brought this together?

Mr. Cohen: I can try. It was certainly ...

Council Member Kniss: Since it was established by the City Council.

Mr. Cohen: ... certainly before my time. I'll try my best. I can call folks like
Barbara Gross and Georgie Gleim who were there at the time of the
foundation of it. As I understand it, the Chamber of Commerce at that time
had what they called a Downtown marketing committee. That's how the BID
grew out of that committee. There was an interest in focusing the attention
on Downtown to make it a more vibrant location and a destination. There
was an interest in finding a funding mechanism in which to do that. The BID
actually grew out of the Chamber of Commerce.

Council Member Kniss: It looks like it was formed as a result of, I'm
guessing, the early recession in that decade that persisted at least through
2003.

Mr. Cohen: Some tell me—folklore here; I wasn't here—that you could roll a
bowling ball down University Avenue at that time. It really wasn't ...

Council Member Kniss: And not hit anyone, I presume.

Mr. Cohen: Not hit anyone, right. I didn't finish the metaphor there.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you for the reminder.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I'd like to address my questions to Russ as
well. Just briefly, the overview. You collect roughly how much money?

Mr. Cohen: About $131,000 to $140,000.         Are you asking how much we
invoice or how much we collect?

Vice Mayor Scharff: How much you collect.

Mr. Cohen: It's just shy of $100,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's about $100,000. After you pay administrative staff
and that kind of cost, what's left?

Mr. Cohen: About 30.


                                                                            Page 15 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
