                         TRANSCRIPT
You have suspended Planned Community zoning. The appropriate time for
Staff to bring up these suggestions is during the Comprehensive Plan
discussions and the Zoning Code that comes out of the Comprehensive Plan
and that supports it. If the applicant wants to wait until that new Zoning
Code comes up to see if it has any of these ideas, that's the time to do that.
You can't deed restrict a rental unit and expect it to be enforced by the
developer. You can't even keep track of Below Market Rate (BMR) units
where someone goes out and borrows extra money or tries to go sell it for a
higher price. You just had one of those on Consent Calendar tonight. It
took you so many years to get to that one when the error occurred. If you
can't even do that and you have a contractor, the Housing Corporation,
that's supposed to keep track of those things for you, how can you possibly
do what's being suggested here? I would suggest that we have somebody
who bought a property that is zoned Public Facility, if that's what they
wanted to buy, those are the rules they should follow.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ken Allen, to be followed by
Rebecca Sanders.

Ken Allen: Ken Allen, Grove Avenue. I'm President of the Adobe Meadow
Neighborhood Association and speaking as a private citizen. First of all, I
note that this location was originally designated to be property turned over
to an overpass between a state highway and a county highway. Whatever
became of that project? Second, I agree with all of the problems noted on
parking. I think it's irrational not to provide at least the minimum parking
per unit because you simply cannot limit cars by limiting parking places.
That was my experience living in Hamburg, Germany. We lived in a unit of
700 square feet. The streets were over-parked. Some people took the
available public transportation, but ultimately there were too many cars for
the number of units living in that small neighborhood. The larger issue that
I'd like to point out is that in the R-1 zone we have a problem with high
square-foot residences not having adequate parking spaces.           In our
neighborhood, we've just encountered such a problem. There has been
some accommodation, but I think that you should be looking into that also,
to provide adequate off-street parking for such units. Our street is now
already overcrowded with single individuals living in single-family houses
and filling up the streets. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rebecca Sanders, to be
followed by our final speaker, Jeff Levinsky.

Rebecca Sanders: Good evening. I'm Rebecca Sanders aka Becky. I'm the
moderator of the Ventura Neighborhood Association, and I live at 369
Margarita Avenue in Palo Alto. Let's see. The Ventura Neighborhood

                                                                       Page 27 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
