                          TRANSCRIPT
with the League of California Cities on amendments. I also appreciate the
comments made by Council Member DuBois, that there is a bill here but
there's lots of other bills out there. We should be sensitive to the fact
there's this whole range of these things that we are discussing and talking
about.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Please vote on the board.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to authorize the Mayor to sign a letter regarding the
Governor’s By Right Housing Proposal including the first five paragraphs of
proposed language in the Staff Report and the text of the language included
in the At Place Memorandum beginning with “Amendments, published as
recently…” and;

Direct Staff to include the following concepts in the letter:

A.    The City is opposed to this bill being part of the budget process as
      opposed to the regular legislative process; and

B.    The City intends to work with the League of California Cities, our
      lobbyists, and legislators concerning this bill; and

C.    The proposed amendments would be at a minimum of modifications to
      the bill; and

D.    New development would provide preference for residents, if any,
      displaced from the former development; and

E.    Include language so that a new project would not, as a whole
      exacerbate the jobs housing imbalance, where such exists.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, are you voting yes?

Council Member Wolbach: You can put me down for yes.

Mayor Burt: That passes unanimously. Thank you.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Mayor Burt: What do you think about taking a five minute break?                    We're
going to have a long next item.

Council took a break from 8:33 P.M. to 8:39 P.M.



                                                                               Page 52 of 128
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
