                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:   If this was added "along with prospective mitigation
enforcement measures?"

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Motion
Part B, “along with prospective mitigation enforcement measures” after
“further mitigations.”

Mr. Keene: That helps. I really think we're going to come back with some
hydraulics about where the housing and the job piece is. Obviously you may
feel differently if you could 100 percent mitigate something for
transportation. It may affect the way you would set those number. Then I
think you're going to have a more focused discussion on what the final fifth
solution is that you want to settle on.

Council Member Holman: That's what I thought the Motion was about.

Ms. Gitelman: Can I just ...

Council Member Holman: Thank you. What I was thinking that the Motion
was about was what Jim just said.

Ms. Gitelman: Could I just interject something? I want to make sure that
we're on the same page. I don't want to over-promise or have the Council
feel like we're going to be able to do more than I think we can do. We are
not, I think, equipped to take the direction, develop a whole other range of
scenarios and present you with a whole range of options, another four
scenarios to bounce off each other and compare. I think we are fully ready
to go back and look at the mitigation measures in the document, see if
there's a way in compliance with Number Five and Number Six up there to
make them a little more iterative, so they'll drive themselves to be better
and better, and look at how to better integrate with the S/CAP and the like.
I think our thought was we would come back to you with a package of things
responsive to this direction that we think would constitute a good fifth
scenario for the Council to tinker with and adjust. I'll just tell you right now,
we can try to mitigate impacts of traffic, but a lot of the impacts that you're
seeing in the book—the I-280 intersection is in there as a freeway ramp, not
as an intersection. A lot of the impacts you're seeing is because we are part
of a regional system. There's a lot of traffic in the area that has nothing to
do with the job and housing growth that we're seeing as part of our
scenarios. I'm committing we're going to do our best to come back with a
mitigated scenario as a proposal to you for the fifth scenario. I just don't
want to fool anybody that we're going to be able to get to no impacts. We
just probably won't be able to get there on traffic.

                                                                          Page 60 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
