                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you, Yoriko. I thought you were going to say that the
Stone Age didn't end because of a lack of stones, and the oil age won't end
because of a lack of oil. It'll end because of new technology. Winter
Dellenbach to be followed by Sandra Slater.

Winter Dellenbach: Hi. I'm from Barron Park as you know. I support the
80/30 goals, and maybe, for really totally selfish reasons, I support the 125
goals. That's because I might have a prayer of still being alive in '25; '30,
it's starting to get a little dicier. That's just me. I could go with the 80/30.
I understand that the Sustainability/Climate Plan is largely based on
established standards. They seem to leave out, as almost all of you have
brought up in your own little way things that weren't addressed here. Not
that I thought that everything should be addressed here. As I was reading
through it and reading through it, I had a million ideas, some of them
regarding a carbon tax. Carbon tax good. Since I'm so involved with the
Buena Vista issue and issues like diversity and economic diversity in this
town, I'm really sensitive that whatever we do over the years through this,
we keep our eyes on the prize, but we also have to remember the people
that are going to be carrying this out and are going to be subject to it.
We're going to be in different positions. It's going to have to work for
people of different economic classes. Hopefully the Buena Vista people will
still be around but an ever diminishing group of people. Please keep that in
mind. This is, in the end, very human; although, we're talking about very
technical sorts of things. I did miss talking about expanding the marsh and
wetland restoration. We know that it's nearly the gold standard in terms of
protective barrier sponges on our whole eastern margin of our City. We
have to be ever vigilant about what we're putting near the Baylands, in the
Baylands. Also no net water use. How about when big new development
comes in and we're looking at this water thing, maybe the drought will
come, go, come go, but we're going to have water problems from now on.
We need to think about water use maybe in some ways the way we think
about car trips. I want to throw that into it. I also want to throw in the idea
of landscaping. I don't want landscaping to get a bad rap here, thinking that
we'll conserve by not—the thing about landscaping is we know that, whether
it's algae, trees, plants, microbes in the soil, they're some of the best things
we can have in terms of these issues that we're thinking about here together
tonight. We need to have smart landscaping. We need to keep our green
lung in all of the various ways. I agree with Councilwoman Holman about
the construction thing. Both demolition and new construction, there are real
impacts on both ends, and we have to take it seriously. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Sandra Slater, to be followed
by Nicholas Shafer.

                                                                          Page 32 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
