                         TRANSCRIPT
found a spreadsheet which lists the number of permits sold per zone as of
August 1st. Here we are five months into the year-long program and the
maximum number of permits which we set up in the stakeholder program
has been already exceeded. They're sold out, but they're also oversold.
We're suffering from that as I show in this picture. I'm in Zone 7, and that
excess has created the problem you see here. Again, this is Ellen Fletcher
Bicycle Boulevard looking towards University Avenue. What we're finding is
that vehicles have to double park on Bryant with the bicycles having to
swing around the cars parked because there's no place for the delivery
vehicles, ambulances, construction workers to park. This is part of the
problem. This is in front of the PA Recovery residence. They have a lot of
people who work there. They have parking lot in the back, and they do not
allow their employees to work there. Also, I think we should look into that.
The other thing I want to point out is in the February 1st summary meeting
that Staff presented, there was a disbanding of the stakeholder group. In
fact, there would be a commitment to hold quarterly meetings—you can look
in the Minutes—with neighbors to give updates and discuss issues in terms
of the program. No meetings have been scheduled, and I've seen no notice
of any meetings to be done. I would ask the Council to request Staff
reestablish these meetings. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next ...

Mr. Brand: The other picture was a weekend with nobody parked on the
street. This is the difference. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mary Dimit to be followed by Norm Beamer. If
anyone else has a card, they need to bring it forward at this time. Welcome.

Mary Dimit: Good evening. Our family has lived in Palo Alto in the Crescent
Park area for over 25 years. About three years ago, we noticed that the
parking was coming across Middlefield Road and that Downtown employees
were parking on our street and filling up our block, which is when I got
involved with helping Neilson survey. We're very familiar with the parking
situation. The first comment I'd like to make is that Crescent Park is not
adjacent to the Downtown core. The preference would be that it be a
residents only parking. In the meantime, I support the eight actions that
the residential stakeholder members listed earlier, including that no more
permits be issued in Zones 9 and 10. I also support that the employee
permits be limited to 1,500 annually. That, as they said, accommodates the
current demand of about 1,350. That the number of employee permits then
be reduced each year by at least 10 percent. Also, I heard that there was a
potential of pricing incentives for the employee permits that would
encourage them to park further out. I don't think that they should be

                                                                     Page 90 of 121
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 09/06/16
