                          TRANSCRIPT
with our Transportation Division had looked at this property and had
originally asked the applicant to include a through-street to the point that we
made sure that that was part of the TIA, the Traffic Impact Analysis.
Through conversations with the community, we heard pretty loud and clear
that that was not something that the community was looking for. That's the
point that we started bringing it forward to hearings, when we sort of
minimized that request down to a pedestrian path. It really is to conform to
the Comprehensive Plan to have better connectivity to the rest of the
neighborhood.

Mayor Burt: Is Staff now proposing a path that would be wide enough for
bicycles and pedestrians or what's the design of this?

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning Director. I should mention that Jodie
and I are really standing in for the project Staff who were scheduled to go
on vacation after yesterday. They won't be here this evening. The request
that was part of the discussion at the Planning Commission meeting was for
effectively a 5-foot-wide path, so pedestrians only. It would have to be a
little wider for fencing and landscaping. Five feet would be the clear area for
pedestrian travel.

Mayor Burt: I've heard there was some consideration on whether it might
be a controlled access path or an open path. Has that been discussed?

Ms. Gitelman: We actually left open that it could be controlled. Certainly it
would primarily serve the residents of the interior parcels that are being
developed as part of this map. It's possible that it could be controlled by the
private owners in the future. We didn't specify one way or the other.

Mayor Burt: On the issue of the affordable housing onsite or in-lieu fees,
one of the considerations for the Council was the amount of the in-lieu fees.
We have coming forward in the near future a revision to the in-lieu fees that
presumably would increase them. What's the timing on that and how would
that interplay with approval of this project? If we basically allowed in–lieu
fees, would they be at the current rate or would they be at the new, revised
rate when that comes forward?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. It's not really a simple
explanation. Under the current ordinance, the in-lieu fees would be 7.5
percent of the sale price. They would be payable when the houses sell.
Under the proposed new ordinance, the fees would become effective at the
time a building permit is issued. It'd be a little sooner. It'd be easier to
administer.   We are currently drafting an ordinance at the Finance
Committee's recommendation, and we have to take that to the Planning
                                                                           Page 4 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
