                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: My understanding then is Staff just accepts someone's
claim that it's financially infeasible. On that basis, we should say it's
financially infeasible.

Mr. Lait: What we're doing is we've transmitted the applicant's justification,
and we're presenting it here to the Council for your consideration.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's no pro forma, there's no numbers to back it up.
We weren't provided any of that?

Mr. Lait: That's correct.    What you have is what was transmitted last
Thursday.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I was going to ask about the same two
concerns. One regarding the path and the other regarding Below Market
Rate (BMR) units. Looking at the memo we got; I think it was at places or a
late memo. Where it says other considerations on the second page of the
letter, third page of the memo, it says requiring onsite market rate units is
financially infeasible and in conflict with other community interests. Given
how important affordable housing is for our community, I'm curious what
other community interests would onsite below market rate units be in
conflict with.

Mr. Lait:     Again, I think it's—what we have is on their memo, the
justification Page 2. I think it speaks to sort of the history of the site and
the applicant's original proposal of 30 units and listening to community
members and making reductions to the density.             Now that density's
proposed at 16 units, what I'm understanding from the memo—again, the
Council can certainly ask the applicant more questions about that—that has
an impact on the profitability of the development. I think it's a question of
how much return is appropriate or expected for a construction project such
as that.

Council Member Wolbach: I will direct my question to the applicant. It's not
just financial infeasibility that's listed here. It says financially infeasible
"and." Separate from finances, separate from costs, separate from how
much money you make, it says "and in conflict with other community

                                                                        Page 75 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
