                          TRANSCRIPT
Middlefield Road. This summer we restriped Middlefield Road, and we added
edge lines along the travel lanes, effectively reducing the travels lanes to 10
feet. This is the section between Lowell Avenue and Oregon Expressway.
We did a before and after speed study, and we noticed a 4 mile per hour
reduction in the 85th percentile speed. That's the operating speed along the
roadway. If we did elect to temporarily increase the speed limit in order to
allow radar enforcement as we redesign the roadways, one other thing we
could look at as a tool is the establishment of advisory speed zones. These
are not enforceable by law; however, these are standard Manual on
Uniformed Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) compliant signs that we could
install. We could use different warning signs, school crossing, pedestrian
crossing, bicycle. We could create advisory speed zones where we think
we'd want to advise folks to go below the speed limit. This is a Study
Session; we're not asking you to take any action this evening. We're really
just starting the conversation around this topic. We do have two community
engagement meetings planned, that are included as part of this project.
One of the things we asked PTC for and we're also asking you for this
evening is some guidance on how to best present this topic to the public
when we go out to the community and how to best frame this. It is a
complicated topic, and a lot of people feel very strongly about speeding in
our community. We'd also like to implement the reduced school speed
zones limits in the future. You saw the maps; they're included in your item
as well. We could increase the speed limits and conduct radar enforcement
if we elected to establish speed limits based on the engineering and traffic
surveys. We could also establish advisory speed zones, establish target
speeds, and adopt a City policy to design streets to that target speed. We
could look at focusing our limited speed and traffic enforcement resources on
the high-collision segments that we identified through this study. We could
also advocate for changes to the State speed limit law, allowing cities to set
a default speed limit instead of having to base the speed limit on the 85th
percentile. Our next steps as currently planned are to conduct community
workshops in January. I did mention I'd love to get your feedback on what
those workshops should look like and if you think they're even worth
pursuing at this point and what topics we should cover at those workshops if
you think they are. In the spring, we'd return to City Council with some
action items. We don't know what those action items would be yet. They
could be several of the ones I presented on the earlier slide. Ideally we'd
like to implement the changes and begin any associated enforcement in the
summer of 2017. With that, I'd be open to any questions or comments that
you have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.


                                                                         Page 30 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
