                          TRANSCRIPT
they've presented them in hard copy, people calling for doubling what was in
Scenario 4, which would be actually matching our jobs suggestion from Staff
in Scenario 5. If you had about 8,800 housing units—remember this is all
just for study. We're not voting to do it. If we studied 8,800 housing units,
that would match the 8,800 jobs projected for growth in the Scenario 5
options. If we look at some of the research about how do we move the
needle on housing affordability, I understand that some people think there is
nothing you can do to address affordability. Frankly, that's in the same
category as people who think there's nothing you can do to address climate
change and sea level rise. We're just screwed and that's it. It is a problem,
and it has root causes. The root cause is our lack of thoughtful planning for
decades, and we can address it. What we need to do in order to address
this as a region, Palo Alto playing our part, we don't have to add 20,000 or
50,000 housing units. What we need to add is about 580 units a year. We
need to add what's been statistically shown to be the turning point, which
is—it's to prevent further escalation of your housing cost, which is about, if I
have the numbers right, 20 per existing 1,000 units per year. That would
come to actually about 7,540 units over the course of our Comprehensive
Plan. I understand that a lot of people came here tonight hoping that we
would study 8,800. Again, it would match what we're proposing for jobs,
but politics are the possible. When it does come time for motions, I'm
probably going to be leaning more in the direction of the 7,500 range,
because that's what the science shows that's what you need to build to
prevent the cost from getting worse. I wasn't really clear with the Staff
response to my earlier question about whether our RHNA numbers are hit by
the scenarios as proposed. I'll move on from that one unless Staff has any
more thoughts on that. I do want to point out a couple of other things that
we heard tonight, that I think are important. We did a study, we did a
survey that we paid for to find out what are the top concerns to residents,
because we're thinking about maybe doing some kind of ballot measure. 30
percent of Palo Alto residents said that too much growth and development is
either a very or an extremely serious problem, about a third, just under a
third. 53 percent of Palo Alto residents said traffic and congestion is a very
or extremely serious problem. 76 percent of Palo Alto residents say that
housing cost is a very serious problem. We're talking another 50 percent
above the number who think that traffic and parking is a problem. That
actually surprised me. I figured those numbers would have been inverted,
but this is the top concern for Palo Alto residents according to our own
survey, not according to Palo Alto Forward's survey, not according to the
TMA. This was what we paid for as a City. I don't want to see us forget
that. I also think it's worth noting that Palo Alto is not entirely rich yet.
We're getting there, but we're not there yet. There are people who are
hurting. We heard from some of them tonight; there are many more who
aren't here tonight. We're not entirely rich yet. If you look at the studies
                                                                         Page 84 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
