                          TRANSCRIPT
behalf of Cindy Zieblaman, Gene Zawkowsky, Zita Zawkowsky and Anna
Gardner. Welcome.

Maurice Green speaking for Cindy Zieblaman, Gene Zawkowsky, Zita
Zawkowsky, and Anna Gardner: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council. What
I've got to tell you about tonight is a tale of unintended consequences that
goes back to 2009. It goes back that far because I just happened to come
across an item this afternoon, as I was putting my points together to
present to the Council. This was written by a resident of Fairmeadow back
in 2009. Do any of the people who have supported the changes onto
Arastradero-Charleston actually drive it every day? I do, and I do not
understand their support of it. I agree that far too many people speed here,
but the road is essential for many, many people to get through this area of
town. All the changes done has made the commute even harder. She goes
on to list all of the problems, and she goes on to say, in fact, there was
never a problem when there were two lanes. My uncle has changed his
work route to avoid that section. Now he goes along East Meadow. Some
traffic has been forced over to another school-lined, residential street.
That's exactly what has happened to Maybell. In 2011, there was a traffic
study. In 2013, I did a traffic study. In 2016, we had some additional video
study done. I'd like to show you a very quick video of what the conditions
on that street are and why we are so concerned about the safety for the
children and the traffic on that street. This is Maybell at Amaranta. The
intersection down below, if you can see far enough down to where the school
crossing guard is holding up the sign, is Juana Briones School. This is
between 7:30 A.M. and 8:30 A.M. in the morning. I'm sure you're not
surprised at the amount of children you're going to see in a moment, but the
cars are something else again. Here we go. They come in waves, not one
at a time but in a single line. For your information, where I am standing
taking that video, there is a stop sign. Virtually none of the children stop.
Directly across the street, you can see the end of Juana Briones Park. The
property that you're talking about is just off to your left. We calculated that
from 2011, when the City did a traffic study, to 2013, when I did that video,
there was something of the order of a 50 percent increase in traffic on
Maybell Avenue. We counted every car going by. This is what it looked like
this year. Now if you look, this is something we didn't see so much in 2013.
That traffic line goes all the way back to El Camino Real. That's the
Arastradero Apartments across the street. I don't remember if this is Abel
or Baker at this point, but it would be the cross point if that pedestrian path
were put into the Golden Gate property. It will be directly across the street
from that. Anybody who thinks if you put in a pedestrian path, it's not going
to be utilized by kids on bicycles, you're fooling yourself. There is a
blockade at the end of Clemo. It is there we—I don't think anybody wants

                                                                        Page 85 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
