                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. I think similar to Council
Member DuBois. I'm open to the idea of decreasing the 50-foot setback.
Whether that's by a variance or by a zoning amendment, I'm fairly
ambivalent. I think Vice Mayor Scharff made some good comments as to
why a zoning amendment would make more sense. I agree with 75 percent
of what Vice Mayor Scharff said, but I really do think it's important just to
look at this site, for the main reason that it doesn't seem to have been
discussed much which is that every other site on Hansen Way is hundreds of
feet deep. Therefore, it's a lot easier to have a large setback and not impact
the usage of the parcel. As has been mentioned numerous times, this site is
long and narrow with the long side on Hansen, so there's just not a lot that
you can do. The suggestion was made maybe renovate the site and don't
rebuild it, but it seems like about 60 percent of the parcel has a really short
setback on Hansen Way right now. That might have been in the material
somewhere and I skipped over it, but what's the setback right now for about
the 60 percent that includes the hotel? The one where you had the 50-foot
setback covered in red. No, what currently exists, not what you want to
build.

Mr. Popp: What is it today?

Council Member Berman: Yeah, what's there now.

Mr. Popp: This is what the existing parcel looks like today.

Council Member Berman: What is the setback for the area where the hotel
is currently ...

Mr. Popp: Six inches.

Council Member Berman: It's six inches on Hansen?

Mr. Popp: From the property line, six inches to two feet roughly. The entire
wing of the building that's at the lower portion and half of it going up is
nonconforming. That building sits on the special setback currently.

Council Member Berman: The setback from Hansen is six inches?

Mr. Popp: It's a nonconforming structure because it was built long before
the zoning was put in place.

Council Member Berman:        If you renovate it, we have practically zero
setback (crosstalk).

                                                                        Page 38 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
