                          TRANSCRIPT
like nothing better than them to prove me wrong over the next year or two.
I don't count on it. I think that we have 65 percent of the voters supporting
it philosophically now. I suspect that number will be higher in one year and
higher yet in two years. I suspect that if it is higher, it'll be because the
business community will be having even greater trouble recruiting and
retaining employees, will have greater trouble getting customers to
Downtown. For all those reasons, I think it's really short-sighted on the
behalf of the business community to not understand why this is in their
benefit. A business of 60 employees under the scenario structure that I
described—the cost impact per employee is three cents per hour. That's
really going to sink the business community? We can hear all those
complaints, but the impact is overstated, and the benefit goes back to the
business community. This is really where it is different and, frankly, why I
was only interested in this measure if it was dedicated for local
transportation, not for General Fund purposes, but to solve a local problem
that is generally created by the business community. As Council Member
DuBois stated, that's the merit of a head count. It goes back to a correlation
between the taxation rate and the number of employees that are roughly
correlating to the problem. I think that there are a bunch of good reasons to
go forward with it. The Chamber claimed that if we went forward with this,
we'd never get their voluntary support for the TMA. We had a great meeting
on the Downtown TMA a week ago. Got back the plan that we, as a Council,
had said, "Give us the plan for really achieving the goal. What's it going to
cost?" It was $1.3 million a year excluding SOFA. Including SOFA would be
more than that, probably a little over $1 1/2 million. They could achieve
that 30 percent trip reduction for that. We're not going to get that in
voluntary contributions. If we don't go forward with this tonight, which I
think in the net, I'm not going to support going forward because I don't want
to jeopardize the VTA measure and because the threats from the business
community to wage a full-scale opposition against what would be an anemic
pro campaign. There's no funding for it. The business community can
outspend the residents on this by 10:1. That's what they basically have
indicated their willingness to do. We eventually will need to do this, and
we'll look at how to do it. I think the other thing that's short-sighted is not
only would this benefit the business community, but through their
opposition, they're going to further polarize. They already have, I believe,
polarized the relationship between the residents and the business
community. It's really short-sighted. That's the mindset that they've
chosen to take on this. We have their position. We've seen from the polling
that we have virtually two-thirds of the residents who think otherwise.
Those are my main reasons. The other reason that I'm tipped toward
pushing this out is that Staff has informed us that if it was voted on in
November 2017 or 2018, the lag between the vote and the implementation
date would be reduced over what it is now. I'm skeptical that we would
                                                                         Page 86 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
