                         TRANSCRIPT
certifies the EIR, you may then consider whether or not to approve the
project.

Ms. Gerhardt: With that, Staff is recommending certification of the Final EIR
with adoption of project-specific mitigation measures that are in Attachment
I of your Packet. We're recommending adoption of a Record of Land Use.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I do not have any cards—they're over here. We
have seven speakers at this time. I'd like to encourage any members of the
public who wish to speak to come forward and fill out a card promptly. We'll
cut it off in about five minutes. In the meantime, I'm going to encourage
any members of the public who wish to speak on the topic come forward
within five minutes. The applicant and the applicant's team will have up to
10 minutes to speak. I don't know if they're within the speaker cards. The
applicant's team is allotted 10 minutes to make a presentation. Welcome.

Public Hearing opened at 9:40 P.M.

Bob Giannini, Form4 Project Architect: Thank you. Good evening, Mayor,
members of the Council. My name is Bob Giannini; I'm the project architect.
I want to give a very brief description of the architecture of the project and
then turn it over to Allison Koo who will give some specifics. As was
mentioned, the project is in Stanford Research Park at Hanson Way. This is
the existing project, the existing building. It's apparent mass is kind of
huge. It has a fairly relentless surface parking lot. When we first looked at
the project, we reacted to that. The existing is a concrete mass that faces
on Page Mill, really creates a wall against the street. This is a rendering of
the proposed project. One of the biggest moves is to make the project
much lighter and much more a part of the community, open, extroverted
and become a friendlier neighbor on the street. This is the master plan of
the new project. You can see here how the organization words. You'd enter
the site, circulate around the perimeter, quite a bit reduced number of cars
on the surface. The blue arrows lead you down into garages below the
buildings. That allowed a lot of extra land on the site that we landscaped in
the center. That's actually the size of two football fields in the middle.
That's used as amenity space for the campus. One of the great things this
project does is eliminate the through-traffic between Page Mill and California
by creating an arm at the end of our site. You can only enter and exit
through Page Mill. This is an image of the center of the site and how the
landscape would develop and some of the pedestrian spaces. Sustainability
was a big part of the project. The project is easily at Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum.           We're going through the
process right now; we're well over the threshold. Part of the strategy for

                                                                        Page 47 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
