                          TRANSCRIPT
really think about the trip, if I have my work away from transit, I need the
car on the work end. Now my car is stuck when I get off work and take it to
transit, then it's stranded there. I don't have my car for all the other trip
uses that really originate at home, taking kids to baseball, going to the
grocery store. Having the car access to transit from home still works
because I can do other things from home with my car, but I need that last
mile to work actually to be possible. You see the employers all recognize
that here in the Bay Area, which is why they've built their own bus systems,
because they're closing that last-mile gap from transit to work or directly
from home to work in the case of the longer distance shuttles. This is really
important in terms of policymaking, how do we site residential and office
uses. Another dimension is there's a demographic shift happening. If we
just plan based on the past, we're going to get it wrong in this case. This is
data at the national level. The second chart's for California. You can see
there's a real inflection point here that predates the recession; it's about
2006 that the data started changing. It's two years before the big recession
hit us. Yes, there's a recession effect as well of people commuting less, but
this is vehicle miles traveled, particularly in car trips over this time period.
You can see we've gone from an always increasing, pretty much in line with
GDP trajectory to more or less a flat trajectory. In fact, if you look at it per
capita, because population is still growing here, we're actually slightly down,
not just flat. The reason for that, as I mentioned, is the demographic effect.
This is the data broken out by age group. You can see middle age more or
less driving the same way. You can see an increase in our elderly population
driving. That's because we live longer and we are active much longer.
While those percentages look really large, the actual population in those age
brackets is much smaller than the population at the younger end. The net
effect is a decrease because anybody under 35 is basically dramatically
reducing their trips. The reason is you're no longer going to the movies with
your friends; you're on this for your social connections, for your
entertainment. Much more is moving online for that generation. The mobile
phone has taken the place of the car as the sign of independence, as a sign
of maturity.     You're seeing 20 percent reduction here in the younger
demographic section.      Much of it here to stay beyond the near-term
recession effect. If we plan for an increase in road use and increase in
traffic without thinking about this third of our population, as I said, we're
going to get our planning wrong. These people are moving back to cities. I
have a number of graduate students at Stanford who have completely given
up their car. Their parents gave them a car; they turned around and sold it,
and they're riding Uber now. I have some students with a $1,000 Uber bill
per month which is surprising. Completely converted. They're using their
bike, of course, but they're using Uber for when you would have used a car.
How do we make the transit option at the mid-range—again short range
walking or biking—attractive? There's a lesson here internationally that we
                                                                         Page 23 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
