                          TRANSCRIPT
the subject property are residential uses of similar mass and scale, three-
story and four-story. This photo shown from El Camino shows the two
adjacent three and four-story residential uses. Just a brief overview of the
proposed project. The applicant is proposing a new four-story, multifamily
apartment building with up to 60 dwelling units. The proposed FAR is
approximately 2.0 to 1.0. The development would include one story of
partially below-grade parking. The applicant is proposing 45 parking spaces,
which is fewer than what the Code currently requires. Twenty-six of those
spaces are also provided via a lift system. This project would require a very
robust TDM program. The project does not conform with the requirements
of any zoning districts.     However, in previous hearings, some Council
Members have requested that Staff consider a pilot micro housing project
that would include smaller units and less parking. The existing zoning and
designated use do not currently allow for multifamily housing. Therefore, to
allow for development of the project as proposed, two or more of the
following would be required:          Comprehensive Plan Land Use Map
amendment, amendment to the Comprehensive Plan Land Use and
Community Design Element; Zoning Map amendment; and/or Zoning Code
text amendment. Staff has identified three potential options in the Staff
Report that could achieve the applicant's basic project objectives as we
understand them. All three of these options could be applied to other future
sites, but some options would be more restrictive than others in that the
option could not be as easily applied to other sites. Staff is seeking Council's
input on these potential options, both for this project and in terms of future
applicability. Council Members may also present other options. Council
considerations include whether the proposed use is appropriate for the site.
If the proposed use is appropriate, Council consideration of the preferred
approach to processing the application.           Any design considerations,
especially those related to housing type, traffic and parking, and/or
consideration of the El Camino Real Design Guidelines. Staff also wanted to
note that we are currently working on ordinances that would improve
enforceability of transit demand management plans, and penalties and fees
will be coming back in October. With that, I will turn it over to the Mayor.
Staff would recommend that Council hear next from the applicant before we
go into further discussion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Since this is a Study Session, we have latitude in
our process. We can ask any technical questions of Staff at this time or hear
from the applicant, and then ask questions and determine what time we'll
hear from the public as well. Would you like to hear from the applicant, and
then we can combine questions for Staff and the applicant? The applicant
has up to 10 minutes to speak. Welcome.


                                                                          Page 3 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
