                          TRANSCRIPT
with the VTA that got the group rate for treating the Research Park as if it's
one company. That same thing could happen for all the Cal. Avenue
employers and merchants who are part of the Cal. Ave. Business
Association, which would mean that each employee would get unlimited VTA
bus pass for $1.50 a month. Not all of them are going to use that, but we
have a good number. The Research Park did what's called heat maps, and
they could see where all the employees worked. Even in the Research Park,
surprisingly a lot of them worked within a short distance of El Camino in
Mountain View and Sunnyvale. That kind of program is pretty darn cost
effective. We also Downtown have this ride share app called Scoop. It's
really already having an impact. There's a bunch of measures that go into
actually solving this problem which also solves our traffic problem if we do
that. I'm supportive of moving forward with the budget allocation to begin a
program for both of these neighborhoods and to do it on the model of what
we've already established as our City program and to do it sooner rather
than later. Hoping that the neighborhood will recognize and value that soon
as we get this going near-term, significant improvement is a really good
thing. A long-term solution meeting medium-term each year better is also
very good. We do have tradeoffs that we have to address. I think that's the
direction that I'm supportive of. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I'd like to say I actually agree with
everything Mayor Burt just said. I do have a couple of questions. You have
options Staff put together in terms of this. When you look at Southgate, the
first thing it says is evaluate and implement engineering, enforcement and
TDM options with PAUSD, monitor for possible future RPP, and then you
have two other ones which are self-explanatory. My first question is what
are you exactly mean by evaluate and implement engineering, enforcement
and TDM options. Could you be doing that while also putting in an RPP?

Mr. Keene: In Southgate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In Southgate. I want to understand exactly what you
meant by that.

Mr. Mello: That's made up of two components. The first would be a look at
the safety issues that were mentioned by the residents, see if there's
opportunities to create additional yielding areas by using red curbing, pulling
some parking back from the corners, in particularly narrow sections maybe
we look at limiting parking to one side of the street. The TDM component
would be to establish a working group with the School District and start to
talk about promoting bike riding by students more so than they do today.
Also addressing some of the staff travel patterns, looking cooperatively with


                                                                       Page 103 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
