                         TRANSCRIPT
distance from the center of Stanford. That's how it's stipulated. It must be
used for recreation. At the time the money was voted, because I was there,
the money was voted to be used by Palo Alto. Help me with what happened
between 2011 and 2016 that you're now saying it's somewhat dicey. Is that
what you're telling me?

Mr. Eggleston: Council Member Kniss, are you referring to the—there's two
different numbers here for the …

Council Member Kniss: I'm referring to the $4.5 million that you have there,
the recreation fund you're calling it.

Mr. Eggleston: That was the amount that had been allocated to Stanford.
There was a joint application by the City and Stanford. At the end of that
application process, the bike bridge was allocated $4 million from those
funds, and the Stanford Perimeter Trail was allocated $4 1/2 million. In the
end, a year or two ago, Stanford decided to forego that funding and to build
the Perimeter Trail on their own. Now, this $4 1/2 million is kind of left
there in this fund without a plan yet for how it would be allocated to other
potential projects.

Council Member Kniss: Perhaps you could call them or I would call them,
because my recollection is that that money very clearly had to be used for
recreation, as I said, within a certain perimeter from the center of Stanford.
This was an interesting happening, which maybe we'll go into it at another
time. I think that it would be good to have another conversation regarding
the money and exactly where it is at this point. I think what you're saying is
a certain amount came to Palo Alto, and then the rest went to the Perimeter
Trail, and that's true. That Perimeter Trail money was given back; there was
no question. Somehow now there's probably $8 million or $9 million or $10
million sitting in that fund. There has to be. Sitting in what you're calling
the Santa Clara County Recreation Fund. I would appreciate it if you would
have another conversation with Joe Simitian—the money can't be used in
other districts, just District 5—and get more clarity on that. Thanks.

Mr. Eggleston: We can do that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a couple of quick questions. The five
alternatives, as I understand it, do not provide any difference in safety. Is
that right?

Mr. Schnabel: That is correct.

                                                                        Page 61 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
