                          TRANSCRIPT
Diane Morin: Good evening, Council Members. Thanks for the opportunity
to address you this evening regarding the proposed project, Cal Park. I
know Cal Park, because I live in the neighborhood and also because I
worked near it for about 15 years, literally next door. I'm here as a steering
committee member of Palo Alto Forward. I'm here this evening to represent
our group and to emphasize our support to study the options for this
development. I urge the Council to move on getting approval for the RPPPs,
as you spoke about before. I'm actually from one of the neighborhoods that
I think has put in an application. That would be a way to deal with the
spillover parking, and you discussed that before and also the TDM, I believe.
Cal Park would be an exemplary location and can serve as a model for
affordable housing in our community. We're desperately in need of more
affordable and varied housing, and this one is located in a great location for
it, next to transit and services, as you spoke about before. To that end, we
sent out to our community, Palo Alto Forward, a request to have their voices
heard and heard we did. We got over 150 letters which were sent in just a
couple of days from residents who are really looking for some positive
movement regarding the housing crisis. We hope you heed their requests
and study this development creatively as something that will foster more
diversity in Palo Alto and move us forward. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker, Shani Kleinhaus.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you, Mayor Burt, Council. Shani Kleinhaus. I'm a
resident on the Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC), but I do not represent
the CAC here. Of all the many groups that come to speak to us at the CAC
about issues in Palo Alto, the groundwater is one group, and the parents of
children that are developmentally disabled is the other. I appreciate Jan
Stokley's presentation and other parents. I think they covered just how
important it is to provide for the developmentally disabled community in Palo
Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I don't know whether any Council Members had
any last, additional thoughts. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of quick questions—one comment
and one question. I thought Winter Dellenbach's questions about parking
and your ability to provide that analysis and what your program is around
parking and follow-up, that would be great to have as a part of any project
going forward. The other thing is some places—I'm trying to remember
where it is—provide units for no income individuals. Is it possible or feasible
that some small amount of Housing Corp.—I shouldn't call it Housing Corp.—
Palo Alto Housing projects could be no income?


                                                                        Page 28 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
