                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Maybe offline you could get back to me of how that
occurred with the gym on Cal. Ave. I wanted to get back to the map a little
bit. Let me get the right map out here. Where on this map, for instance, is
the Philz that's down by—is it Forest or where is that? It's Forest and Alma.
I didn't see that on here. I'm looking at the place where they're considering
putting more retail. I'm looking at Page 324 of the Packet, I guess. Slide
12, yes.

Ms. Eisberg: We're just going to bring it up on Google.

Mr. Lait: I think it's within the SOFA II area. It's on the lower left portion of
that green boundary. It would be the building adjacent to—yes, that's the
one right there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to follow up on Council Member Holman's
question. The way I understand the SOFA District then. There is on Homer
and—which other street, Karen? It's Homer and ...

Council Member Holman: Emerson.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Homer and Emerson in which you're permitted to do
retail, but you're not required. One of the things we could do is change that
to say you're required to have retail go in.

Council Member Holman:      Can I just correct that?     Actually, retail is
required. On Homer and Emerson, as I described earlier, it's required unless
you're already in business doing something else prior to—I think it was
2001. It's a required use. That's why I was upset that it isn't indicated as
such on here.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    That's not what I heard from Staff, but I'll take your
word for it.

Mr. Lait: The section we were talking about was the protection of specific
uses in SOFA II. The section was C-1, I believe, that we were talking about.
It said for sites in the Homer/Emerson corridor, located in the RT-35 and RT-
50 districts, medical, professional, administrative and general business
offices may not be located on the ground floor of a building.

Vice Mayor Scharff: May not be.

Mr. Lait: May not be. There's like six different standards in which that
would be allowed to continue.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If we wanted to protect the Philz location, for instance,
there's probably other locations in SOFA, in which I've seen retail I think, but
                                                                         Page 63 of 111
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/17/16
