                   ACTION MINUTES
MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Council took a break from 7:21 P.M. to 7:32 P.M.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to hear Agenda Item Number 9- Review and Direction Regarding
Interpretation of Planned Community (PC) Ordinances… at this time.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.   Review and Direction Regarding Interpretation of Planned Community
     (PC) Ordinances Governing Three of the Four City Parking Garages
     Proposed for Rooftop Solar Installations at 445 Bryant Street,
     520 Webster Street, and 275 Cambridge Avenue and Regarding the
     Architectural Review Procedure for the Three PC Zoned Garages and
     the Fourth Parking Garage at 475 Cambridge Which is Zoned Public
     Facilities (PF), Including a Finding That the Project is Exempt From
     Review Under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Vice Mayor Scharff advised he will not participate in this Agenda Item
because he owns real property near the subject properties.

Council Member Kniss advised she will not participate in this Agenda Item
because she owns real property near the subject properties.

Council Member Kniss and Vice Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 7:37 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to make the following determinations:

A.   The installation of structural canopies to support solar panels will be
     consistent with the Planned Community (PC) Ordinances and approved
     development plans for three City garages located at 445 Bryant Street,
     520 Webster Street, and 275 Cambridge Avenue, such that no
     amendments are needed to these PC ordinances; and

B.   The PC Ordinances for 445 Bryant Street and 520 Webster Street do
     not need to be modified to allow structural canopies to exceed the
     50 foot high limit; and



                                                                          Page 4 of 8
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                            Action Minutes: 9/26/16
