                           TRANSCRIPT
why wouldn't we just get rid of the 50-foot setback along Hansen Way? If
this came before us today, should we be imposing a 50-foot setback here or
not? What are the policy discussions around this?

Mr. Lait: I think that's why we're here. We do believe, as it was mentioned,
that we have these special setbacks throughout the Research Park and
elsewhere. I agree that it probably wasn't by accident that they were
established, but there is no record that I've been able to uncover as to why.
That is the essence of why we are here, to evaluate for this particular
property which does seem to be perhaps maybe a little bit of an outlier to—
you've got the RP zone across the street, and you've got the CS zoning
across El Camino. Does it make sense at this particular property to have
that 50-foot wide setback? If we are interested in landscaping, maybe
there's a way to achieve that without a 50-foot setback. If we're interested
in road widening, I think that's a different conversation, but that's not a part
of our Capital Improvement Project (CIP), and we're not having
conversations about road widening. We're actually (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Also in our Comprehensive Plan, it says we don't widen
the roads, if I recall.

Mr. Lait: Right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It would be inconsistent with our Comprehensive Plan
to be widening the roads for 50 feet, especially along Hansen Way. It sort of
goes against everything in smart planning these days.

Mr. Lait: Right. For whatever the reason was in 1959 when the special
setback was established, does that align with today's perspective about what
we want to do with our roadways? It may not be just road widening. Again,
there could be areas of—I don't know how feasible these are, but there
might be some utility needs. There may be some shuttle needs.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think you're just speculating now.

Mr. Lait: Totally, yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We've got a particular site, a particular road. If you
came to us as Staff—that was sort of my criticism of the Staff Report. I
understand why, but it doesn't really say on this road a 50-foot setback
doesn't make sense, or on this road a 50-foot setback might because we're
looking at putting a bike lane right there. I don't see us putting a bike lane
right there. I don't think anyone has ever talked about putting a bike lane
there. I don't think we have any need for utility easements. I mean, I don't
see any event being identified. What you've asked us to do is two things.
                                                                         Page 31 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
