                         TRANSCRIPT
mile all-in. I mentioned that vehicles today are quite expensive, your
second biggest purchase after your house.           Obviously not nearly as
expensive as your house if you live in Palo Alto. If you add up the numbers
between insurance, car payments, parking, your depreciation on your
vehicle itself, maintenance and repair, you're talking rough numbers about
$8,000 for your car all-in per year. It's about 15 percent of the total
household budget for the average household, probably not for the Palo Alto
household, but for the average household in the country. You can see, as I
mentioned earlier, we get that two to three percent utilization out of it
today. There are a couple of things we can do to change this. The first is
change our fuel expense. We're lucky to have little bit lower gas prices now.
The big change here really is electric. This is, I would say, an electric
skeptic's view of the world. This is Exxon's forecast for battery technology
and when electric vehicles come in. This is kind of the far end of the
spectrum. Exxon interestingly changed its forecast about a year ago to say
by 2040 we'll have electric vehicles. I went to the group that does this
forecasting and I said, "What made you change your mind that we'll get
electric vehicles suddenly?" They said this is when batteries get to be below
$200 per kilowatt hour (kWh). Why is that a magic number? That's when
the upfront cost of the electric car is roughly the same as the gasoline car.
Right now, you want to buy a Tesla; it's more expensive than the equivalent
gasoline car. Yes, you save per mile in the operations because it's about a
third of the cost or a quarter of the cost of electricity versus liquid fuel.
Upfront, you're paying for it. They're right about the $200 per kilowatt hour.
That is the right number. That is where the car starts being equivalent in
upfront cost. You can go to a lot and buy either electric or gasoline. They're
wrong about the timing. These are various forecasts of battery costs mainly
driven by Tesla here in our neighborhood, but also companies like Panasonic
and Samsung. You can see that number we get to at about the end of this
decade, 2020, 2021. We should be planning for this world. I mentioned at
the beginning this is one of the areas where Palo Alto is way ahead. We
both have a high rate of electric vehicle purchase; we have an unusual
number of charging stations; we're thinking ahead for our homes to be
ready for this. This means that we dramatically reduce the cost of transport,
and we open up some options for all electric vehicles. If you think back to
the beginning of my talk of the downtown areas, you can begin to
intermingle electric two-wheelers with pedestrian zones and have electric
vehicles shared maybe available at the periphery of that to go out from
there. Let's build on that idea. We've got some tech companies here that
are now building cars. That younger demographic that doesn't want to own
a car anymore actually is quite open to buying these vehicles from tech
companies. Many of them like them more than buying it from a car
company. Let's go one step further and start sharing these cars. We don't
have to own them anymore. I want to show you something about your
                                                                       Page 27 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
