                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I also enthusiastically actually support this
Motion.     Avenidas does so much for the community and in many
communities. In fact, the City actually pays for a lot of the services that
Avenidas does. I have absolutely no problem doing this. Avenidas is
special. I wasn't sure I was going to say this. I actually remember when I
first got on Council, we had stuff before the Finance Committee.            I
remember hearing from Larry Klein for at least 30 minutes about what a
special relationship the City has with Avenidas, the long history of Avenidas
in the community, why we provide it rent free, all of those things. I think
that's something we're honoring tonight by doing this. I'm very pleased that
we're moving forward on this. I actually did have a couple of questions that
I want to get in while I have the floor. The first is we're going to have 17
new leases, which we haven't had before.           That seems like a large
administrative burden in some ways, if it's not handled correctly. I wanted
to get a sense of what Staff is planning so that there won't be a huge
administrative burden on Staff or if I'm wrong and it's not going to be a
problem.

Mr. de Geus: That's a good comment, Vice Mayor Scharff. It is more of an
administrative burden from one tenant to 17 different organizations that we
now need to cultivate a positive relationship and support a relationship. The
leases are being written in such a way that most of the administrative
burden is on the new tenant. The small improvements, custodial, all of
those types of things, it's on the tenant not the City. No question it will be
more work for Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would just encourage you to figure out the easiest
way to streamline this on an ongoing basis. To Ms. Ellson's question or
comment, which was about Cubberley falling apart continually, every year it
looks a little worse kind of thing. We actually did negotiate with the School
District, and we're getting what? $1.8 million a year roughly that we're
supposed to put towards Cubberley. I think we're going to be reversing
that. There is the issue that you we don't want to do stuff that we're going
to then tear down. I thought maybe you could just, for the benefit of
everyone, explain what we're thinking about doing, the rationale behind it
and put that in context for us.

Mr. de Geus: There's not a great deal of activity planned at this time. As
we mentioned earlier, the roofing and the bathroom and some of the health
and safety-type activity. There is a list of other improvements we'd love to
make on the tennis courts and athletic fields and some of the buildings. To
your point earlier, we want to be very careful about that and not put money

                                                                       Page 29 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
