                          TRANSCRIPT
or at least we have not been measuring effectively. That certainly is a
mitigation, Trans 1, that we should look at effectively and importantly.
There's been a little talk about money. Where do we get money to do these
things? They want the General Fund to help support our TDM. The issue
with money in Palo Alto is we are very successful with nonresidential, with
jobs. We have that 3:1 ratio, higher than anyone else in the country. Our
budget should be bursting with money. A funny thing about our budget and
the budget of all local governments is property taxes fund an important part,
43 percent, in Palo Alto. Our School District, it's over 80 percent. Our
community college district, it's over 80 percent. The County tax revenue,
it's over 80 percent. Special districts, it's over 90 percent. Property tax. Is
this influx of businesses helping us? No. If you look over the last 12 years,
every year despite the rapid growth in business, three times the rate of
employed residents. The share of property tax paid by nonresidents is
dropping by one percentage point a year. It's now making up 25 percent of
our property tax, the property tax of the schools, of the County, community
colleges and other special districts. That's an issue. Why not cut back then
the growth on nonresidential if it is not paying its fair share? There's
another issue out there which might be the most important long-term issue.
The point was made by someone that the Comprehensive Plan might be the
most important document for our future. It's our chance to talk about our
longer-term future. Look under schools, demographics in schools, Pop 4 or
PS 1, PS 2. There you look at what is expected from this growth in
population in the City, and the school yields that will come will be half of
what they have been in the past. If you look at Palo Alto today, every
housing unit provides 0.34 students to the school. The projection of this 10
percent increase in population that we have is going to increase the school
population by 0.1, less than half—0.18, I'm sorry, just about half. That's a
startling change in the community. Sort of an announcement, we're going
to be a different community in the future. Each of the four scenarios
outlined here, saying our housing growth will be for young workers and
aging seniors. That's why the yield is low. We're creating a different type of
community. Is there any community like this? Not our neighbors. If you
look at all of Santa Clara County, the yield is about 0.34. If you look at all of
San Mateo County, the yield is about 0.34. San Francisco is the only
exception. It is down there with a yield of about 0.14. We are trying to
make ourselves into a business-centric city with a commute population
instead of a seedbed of Silicon Valley. We have mature workers between
the ages of 30 and 65 establishing families and living as a community. That
is a profound change, and it should be noted in Pop 4, PS 1, PS 2. Finally, if
we're looking at longer-term things, look at water. Utility 1, Utility 2. All
our scenarios are pointing to fairly rapid growth between 10 and 20 percent
in both population and workers, jobs. Our water picture says water will
grow about 2.3 percent over that time period. Now, that's a little scary if
                                                                             Page 84 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
