                         TRANSCRIPT
you're thinking what's the relevance of this. The relevance of this is the
drug war has been used as a racist tool, an anti-immigration tool, an anti-big
pharma tool. Even hemp is consolidated with this. When it was passed,
doctors kept wanting to prescribe cannabis in 1937. 1937 to 1940, the
Federal government imprisoned 2,000 doctors. That's kind of the history. If
you want to go back further, it actually goes back to the 1860s. The
question once again, what is the crisis here? There is no crisis. I would
suggest you talk with the County. The County has looked for the medical of
the Department of Health measures, etc. Worried about mold, worried
about bacteria, worried about efficacy. The other thing that's going to
happen if you do this—there's a law of unintended consequences, which is
normally it doesn't take that much time or energy to grow plants. If you
grow a lot of them, it does. There are those of us that can help work with
you over the next months or year or two to come up with a sane process
about this. Let's, once again, look at what other states are doing. To have
Staff try to do this as emergency and not do due diligence with other cities—
I'm sorry—that was a waste of public resources to come to this and come to
you as a City Council and also not reach out to the public to have this much
more of a debate. San Jose really did a horrible effort of what they did in
their plan to try to shut down 88 collectives to 15, and it really didn't take
into what people wanted to do. It was a very top-down approach. I suggest
we do a collaborative approach and reach out to Stanford and research what
is the reality of this and what's the emergency.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Lane: I contend there is none. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Molly, can you address the issue that Mr. Fredrich raised as to
whether the proposition does address restrictions on outdoor growth?

Ms. Stump: As we've read it and as the League describes it, I think that
Candidate Fredrich is referring to the indoor grow regulation, which includes
growing in an outdoor area that's enclosed and shielded from view, such as
a greenhouse. The cities cannot restrict or ban that. Growing beyond that
in areas that are in your backyard, your side yard, your front yard, your
community garden plot, there are no limitations or restrictions on that in
State law. If you want one, you have to do it as a local law.

Mr. Fredrich: Excuse me.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Fredrich, you cannot speak without being authorized.

Mr. Fredrich: That's why I was asking.        I said Mr. Mayor, could I be
recognized to respond to that.
                                                                       Page 84 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
