                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: It's funding from the same program. I apologize; I did not
speak to that last bullet. We have $4 million in funding from this program.
There was 4.5 allocated to Stanford University for trails they were building.
Stanford decided to go ahead and fund those trails themselves. There's
currently 4.5 million that has not been allocated, and it's a potential source
that, if we were able to get that funding or some of it could potentially fund
other additional elements on the bridge.

Council Member Holman:      That's still out there, could amount to the 8.5
then, potentially.

Mr. Eggleston: Yes.

Mr. Keene: Just to clarify. Our expectation is that we'll get the OBAG 2
funding that will replace the lost STIP funding, and that will give us the $13
million. If we want to make enhancements to the bridge, which potentially
are in the $3-5 million range, we have to get extra funding. This is the only
known, identified source. Of course, we'd have to secure it; we'd have to
compete for it. We don't have it in-hand.

Council Member Holman: Just to maybe reiterate. The Google contribution,
that's without strings?

Mr. Keene: That's correct. That's actually not factored into the $13—
technically it would be $14 million with the Google funding.

Council Member Holman: I'll go through these quickly. The project design
to this point, the additional designs that are shown all seem to be the same
design just in different colors and different angles. My question is—it's a
two-pronged question. One is, is this going to be the design. The other is
we weren't presented with any other designs from this same designer. We
didn't have an opportunity to say, "I would favor this over that," or "This
looks like a good direction" or blah, blah, blah. What we have is just the one
design, it seems to me.

Mr. Eggleston: Back on the project elements slide, you'll notice that one of
the things on the optional enhancements, actually the bottom, is alternative
span structure types. While the baseline steel truss is this bolstering-type of
truss, you're correct that those are the photos we showed you. One of the
things Biggs Cardosa will be looking at is other types of steel trusses that
could be used. That's one of the things that would come to you at the 15
percent level.

Council Member Holman: We'll have some design options at that 15 percent
level?
                                                                        Page 89 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
