                         TRANSCRIPT
Council. If the Council would like to add those multiple iterations both on
the CAC side and on the Council side, that's a sign shift. We'll have to
evaluate the resources and how we would fit that into the schedule.

Council Member Holman:         That said, if the CAC didn't conclude on
transportation, is there enough direction or conclusion that's been arrived at
that it would be meaningful for the transportation discussion that's happened
so far to come to Council before it goes back to the CAC for their final
deliberation? You know what shape it's in; I don't.

Ms. Gitelman: Actually the CAC as a whole delegated to the subcommittee
to take it to the next step, to try and develop a polished document. Then it
was the committee's expectation it would go back to the CAC for blessing
before it came to the Council as a draft. That's the process they're
anticipating. Of course, you could ask them to change that process. This
meeting happened a couple of weeks ago, and that's their expectation.

Council Member Holman: I was just curious about why it was very different
with land use. We'll see how that goes. I do have one question in particular
about Land Use and Community Design Element. I just want to make sure
that there was a Colleagues Memo that was put forth—I apologize, I don't
remember who all. I know Vice Mayor Scharff and I put forth, and I think
two other colleagues, had put forward a memo having to do with how
buildings address the street and incorporating El Camino Design Guidelines
and stuff. The Staff for a long time didn't even know it existed. Not your
fault. I just want to make sure that that's going to be included in the land
use and community design section. It was deferred to the Comprehensive
Plan discussion.

Ms. Gitelman: I do recollect that discussion and will make sure it's reflected
in the policies and programs in the Land Use Element.

Council Member Holman: I think that's it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I want to recognize that we have the Co-Chairs of the CAC
here. We'd welcome any brief comments if you have any on this process
discussion or schedule discussion. If you want to think about that while I
call on Council Member DuBois, that'll be fine. Don't feel obliged, but we
welcome them if you have them.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to react to this idea of it going
through two full cycles. I really appreciate the CAC's feedback. This is not a
slight at the CAC; I'm just concerned about time. Again, we saw the one
version of the Community Services Element. We had a lot of comments
about its length, potential prioritization and just—I think Mayor Burt had a
                                                                        Page 85 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
