                          TRANSCRIPT
what happens now when you decide not to hear an appeal and just approve
something when it's on the Consent Calendar. Do people get their money
back? Will they get it all back or some of it? In any case, I believe they
should get it all back if you're not going to give an appellant a proper public
hearing on the appeal. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 6:55 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That actually prompts me to ask a question I
neglected to ask which is whether this fee for appeals is only an appeal that
an applicant filed or is it a fee to the applicant for any appeals made by
others on their projects.

Mr. Lait: Yes, I guess is the answer to that question. The Appellant would
be subject to the lower fee. The Applicant would pick up the balance. If the
Applicant is the Applicant and the Appellant, they're picking up the difference
in cost.    If it is a commercial project, a homeowner appeals it, the
homeowner pays the lower fee. The commercial developer in this example
picks up the balance of Staff time getting that item ready for hearing.

Mayor Burt: I think there may be a couple parts of this. One, an applicant
can be denied a project and then choose to appeal. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: That's one circumstance where I'm assuming that clearly the
applicant would pay for that fee.

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Were you also saying that if there is a cost that's a totality of—
say it's $1,000. An Appellant, who's not the Applicant, appeals it and maybe
our fee is $300. Are you saying that the additional $700 under this proposal
would be paid by the applicant?

Mr. Lait: Yes

Mayor Burt: That would, under this proposal, occur regardless of whether
the appeal was deemed to have merit or not after the appeal hearing.

Mr. Lait: Correct. The money goes toward the preparation of the Staff
Report. Again, whether or not the appeal has merit is not realized until
later.

Mayor Burt: Thanks.

                                                                         Page 20 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
