                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: People do make their own wine and beer. I don't know about
stills.

Ms. Stump: What I can say is that the indoor cultivation of up to six plants
would be authorized by 64 and that law could not be avoided by any local
action. What you could do by local action is describe in some sense some of
the context and the safety measures around that, if you wish to do so.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Six plants. I assume it's for personal use as opposed to
selling it.

Ms. Stump: It appears it's intended to orient itself towards personal use. I
have heard that six plants can be a lot of greenery.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt:      Has there been any discussion with the Fire Chief on
ramifications of indoor growth and whether we want to force people to, if
they're going to grow their plants, grow them indoors versus out?

Ms. Stump: Not yet. That certainly would be something that would make
sense to do regardless of what you do on outdoor. I take the import of your
question, which is that maybe by regulating or prohibiting or restricting the
outdoor cultivation, we might actually be encouraging that indoors. I do
know over months and years of working with police and fire that indoor
growing can be dangerous. It has led to fire situations in other communities
in the past. I don't know if it's been a problem here.

Mayor Burt: If we wanted to restrict the outdoor growth to enclosed private
areas, would we ask you to come back with an Ordinance to that effect?
How would we go about that?

Ms. Stump: The indoor cultivation authorization ...

Mayor Burt: Separate from the indoor. I'm just saying if we wanted to
restrict the outdoor growth to enclosed private areas. Basically the thing
you talked about, I concur. We probably have a hesitation on public lands
and community gardens and front yards. Then, the question would be do
we want to limit it to enclosed …

Ms. Stump: Greenhouses are already considered indoors. That's the first
part of the answer. In a greenhouse that's concealed from view, even
though you might consider that to be in your backyard garden, that's
considered indoors for purposes of this law. An enclosed area in the
backyard, we haven't drafted that. You could direct us to do that. If it's

                                                                      Page 80 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
