                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Again, if you look at the total cost, is the self-
weathering cost more initially?

Mr. Schnabel: It probably washes out in the end. It probably washes out in
the end except for the initial cost of the painting system. The painting
system is pretty extensive. Again, it's 20-30 percent of the cost of the
overall bridge.

Council Member DuBois:      Brad, you mentioned the contingency is small.
What is the contingency?

Mr. Eggleston: We have a 20 percent total contingency in terms of the
construction cost. What that means is that there's essentially 10 percent
design contingency that's there to account for things that we come across as
we go through the design process that have extra cost, and 10 percent
construction contingency, which is the actual contingency on the
construction contract. More typically for a project like this at this point of
design we'd want to have 20 percent design contingency with the 10 percent
construction.

Council Member DuBois:     Are there any conditions attached to the Google
money?

Mr. Eggleston: No, there are not. The initial letter that Google had
submitted to us last December had some language that could be read as
conditions, but the updated letter that they gave us in May removed all that.

Council Member DuBois: The last question was if we did look at additional
money from one of these grants, could that money be used to accelerate the
schedule or is this schedule pretty much the fastest that Caltrans is going to
go?

Mr. Eggleston: This schedule is primarily driven by the Caltrans review
process. Extra money would not help us with that.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on the self-
weathering steel versus the painting of galvanized steel. I'm not sure I was
following exactly. When we build the bridge, what I heard you say—I just
want to make sure I'm right—is that it's—was it 15-20 percent more
expensive if we paint it?

Mr. Schnabel: Yes.
                                                                        Page 57 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
