                         TRANSCRIPT
question I had for Staff and for the maker of the Motion, the Vice Mayor, in
the Downtown neighborhood, the stakeholder process took over a year. It
was a long time. How can we do this in such a way that it doesn't take
another year until signs go up and so forth? Can we establish—maybe this
is right, maybe this is wrong. Can we establish some parameters now to
start with and adjust them a year from now after we finish the process?
How can we short circuit this?

Mayor Burt: Can I ask Staff a variation of that question? The learning
process that we had for Downtown, how much do you expect it will
streamline that stakeholder process here?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Members. I think we understand your
desire to move more expeditiously with this RPP. We obviously learned a lot
from the Downtown plan. We're going to need to regroup and put our heads
together and come up with a work plan for this. We will try and keep your
desires in mind and come up with a process that's more efficient. We'll
communicate back with you.

Mayor Burt: Do we think that the process that we went through for
Downtown in all likelihood is going to make this more streamlined because
we've figured some stuff out on how to do this?

Ms. Gitelman: Absolutely.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: "A," I'm assuming that the intention there is to
ask the Finance Committee, because we're in the budget cycle—I'm speaking
to the maker of the Motion here. I'm presuming that is asking the Finance
Committee to identify an allocation for implementation.

Mr. Keene: I think that clarification would be helpful. Ultimately, it's going
to be the Finance Committee's recommendation back to the Council when
the actual approval will take place. It would premature to be talking about
approving it tonight. You would be asking ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's direct the Finance Committee to approve a budget
allocation. I'm fine with that.

Council Member Holman: To identify a budget allocation.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to the replace in the Motion Part A, “approve”
with “direct the Finance Committee to identify.”

                                                                      Page 116 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
