                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much to everybody from the
community who's come and spoke to this issue, and to my colleagues and
the good comments they've made. Vice Mayor Scharff used the word
trepidation.     I've always approached these decisions on single story
overlays, the couple that I've had while I've been on Council, with
trepidation or hesitation because of the seriousness of the issue. I've always
fallen back on the process. We've definitely seen a couple of things with this
application that show us not only is the process that we have as a City
flawed, but that that flawed process wasn't followed correctly. For me,
probably the biggest issue was that initial FAQ that was circulated that said if
you sign this, there will be a voting process. A second round of FAQ that
was circulated, there's debate as to how many people that was circulated to.
Regardless, my biggest—I think the biggest flaw in that second round of
FAQs was that it did not specifically call out what was changed. That should
have happened at the very front of the FAQ, and it should have said the first
FAQ said X; that was incorrect, and this is the correct version. To expect
people to read through four or five pages and compare it without a redline
and identify what was different, I think, is unfair of residents. Because of
that, there's been discussion about 70 percent was hit at PTC, and then
that's dropped, but that's the process. To me, that 70 percent isn't true. It
wasn't intentional, but people received information that was inaccurate and
they acted on that inaccurate information and didn't have, in my mind, a
real way to understand that the process had changed dramatically. That is a
dramatic difference from sign this and you'll get a ballot to sign this and it's
counted towards the 70 percent, a really fundamental and huge difference in
the process that should have been more explicitly called out. On a higher
level, clearly this needs to be a City-driven process from now on out. I think
we should—I know there are other SSO applications going through the
process. I think we need to have a conversation about putting a pause on
those while we discuss the process and identify the flaws and identify a
better system. We have this system—I've sat down and met with both
sides, the applicants and the opponents. Both sides have frustrations with
the other side. They're being overly aggressive and saying inaccurate
things.    They're being overly aggressive and saying inaccurate things.
That's because the process allows for that, and it shouldn't. The process
should be driven by the City. The City should be distributing ballots to
residents. People should be able to make that decision in the privacy of
their own home without pressure that they might feel from a neighbor
standing at their doorstep and asking them to support something or oppose
something. I know that that neighbor might not think that they're creating
pressure on the person they're asking to sign. They might be; that might be
the way that it's interpreted. We just shouldn't even have that opportunity.
                                                                         Page 62 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
