                          TRANSCRIPT
at the end of September, and their annual lease revenue was $1,094,940
annually. Cubberley campus, you're all familiar with how it looks. It's 35
acres, 27 acres owned by the School District, eight acres owned by the City.
The eight acres the City owns is in the northern section of the campus, and
it's in the red border on that map there on the screen. Foothill College, as
seen on this map in the spaces colored green, represents about 35-40
percent of the indoor building space at the campus. You can see Buildings
A, B, C, D, I, J and K and also P; these are designated currently as education
services. That brings us to the first action, which is asking Council to
broaden the designation of those spaces. In this space, you see the
buildings on the left have the current designation of education, and Staff is
proposing that we expand that to be education as well as nonprofit
community organizations, recreation and childcare. The process that Staff
used to look for new tenants for the Cubberley campus was to release an
RFP over the summer and take some time to evaluate and select new
tenants. We're in the process now of the third bullet, preparing lease
agreements, and hopefully have new tenants move in, some in October
hopefully but certainly all in November. The criteria that we used. First and
foremost was additional public benefit to Palo Alto residents, followed by the
financial capability to pay the lease revenue that we know we need. The RFP
results yielded 28 organizations, 17 of those organizations were selected.
As you saw in your Staff Report and as mentioned earlier, Staff is preparing
those lease agreements as we speak. The new tenants or tentative new
tenants are listed in this graph here. You can see it's a mix of organizations
providing a wide variety of services to the public including education, but
also tutoring and health and fitness, rehabilitation, dance and local nonprofit
organizations. I put an asterisk next to Avenidas, because that brings us to
the second action we're asking of Council this evening.            Avenidas is
anticipating to renovate the building at 455 Bryant Street, where they run
the senior center, the City-owned building. The renovation timeline is
anticipated to be in Fiscal Year 2018 and 2019. During that period, they will
not be able to use the 455 Bryant Street building and will need to have a
temporary senior center at some location. We've been in discussion with
them about Cubberley being a possible site for that. Avenidas is very
interested in that and responded to the Request for Proposals (RFP) and
would like to use up to 10,000 square feet for their temporary center. The
minimum nonprofit rate in the Municipal Fee Scheduled approved by Council
is $1.31 per square foot. Avenidas is proposing $1 per square foot. They
did initially propose $0.75 per square foot. We talked about our need on the
revenue side, and they raised that to $1. They feel like that they can
manage, but more than that will be difficult during their major campaign.
Staff is supportive of this request.       Avenidas is a wonderful partner,
providing very important services to our senior community. We recognize
that during their rebuild they still need to remain relevant and offer
                                                                        Page 11 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
