                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I also wanted to thank everybody for
coming here tonight to support this important topic. It's late. I've got to
say this in the right way. A resolution like this is interesting because often
we have resolutions that actually don't have real impacts in the world. With
the referral to the Human Relations Commission and also the email from Bob
Wenzlau, which I think was really significant, which said if I'd had this letter,
if I'd had this resolution—I'm paraphrasing—I could have shown this to the
parents in Oaxaca and maybe they wouldn't have canceled and they would
have come. I think that's a powerful statement. I'm really glad we're
making that statement and have that resolution and are telling people that
they are safe to be here. Again, I'm really glad we're doing this. Thanks to
Cory and the other signers for bringing this forward to Council, and thanks
to all of you for coming tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would echo what the others have said. You've
waited a long time, and you certainly have shown your care, your interest
and your own concern. I do know that there is an interest in being a
sanctuary city. I think that is one of the things we can look at in January.
San Jose is definitely a sanctuary city. The entire County of San Jose is very
much aligned with that purpose. When I was at the County, we had a very
specific understanding that anyone got treated, anyone got the attention
they needed regardless of whether or not they had just been made a citizen,
as Winter spoke about tonight. It's very important because there's nothing
as frightening to someone who is not a citizen as needing medical care or
needing food or needing education for their kids. You're constantly afraid
somebody will expose you. What we're saying is—we're a little short of
saying we're a sanctuary city tonight. In spirit, we're a sanctuary city, and
we'll really go forward believing that.

Mayor Burt: I wasn't going to add comments on that subject, but I want to
offer that it's easy and it was probably easy previously to have the position
of a sanctuary city be a political statement that did not potentially have real
world negative impacts on the very people we're looking to help and protect.
The functioning in ways similar to that, that this City already does, may in
fact be the most effective way to not make a political statement that may
have negative repercussions but to actually protect people. I don't know the
answer to that question. I think it's something we need to carefully
consider. That's why we didn't at this time include reference to that here. I
just wanted to offer that. Council Member Wolbach, you have something
else?

                                                                          Page 105 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
