                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: Mayor? Mr. Popp was informing me that there is a setback of 100
feet on Hansen Way, and that the 50-foot special setback doesn't really
impact development of those properties on Hansen Way.

Council Member Holman: I'm not quite following that.

Mr. Lait: There's a special setback that we're talking about which doesn't
allow any encroachments into the above or below grade. There is a
development standard which is a setback requirement of the building to the
property line. The Zoning Code standard for that is 100 feet. No building
can encroach to within 100 feet of the property line. That's above and
beyond the special setback.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. That's helpful to know.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Let me talk a little bit about setbacks. Who would
vote for a 50-foot setback today? It's quite dramatic if you drive around the
block, Hansen, Page Mill, El Camino. It is very striking the setbacks all the
way around that block. It is an important City transition between the City
and the Research Park. By having those setbacks around the street,
especially along Hansen, it creates what has been suburban research parks
with greenery and pleasantry and a lot of very innovative companies on that
block that have done well. When you get to the corner of El Camino and
Page Mill, there are two of the tallest buildings in Palo Alto, Palo Alto Square.
They have been accepted in the City. One reason is the substantial setbacks
of those buildings, that they leave space and openness on that very
important intersection.     Playing around with the notion why are there
setbacks here as a transition from the City into the Research Park, it makes
a lot of sense to me. I think those setbacks of the two Palo Alto Square
buildings are extremely important for the aesthetic and visual impacts they
have. What's being proposed on this site is a 50-foot building of four stories
which is near the street, very close to the street. If you would look then
across from the east side of El Camino what you begin to see are the two big
blocks of Palo Alto Square and now another solid square on the Hansen side
of the street, all of a sudden visually the Palo Alto side begins to change.
That's an important issue. This is the only Palo Alto site—it's a very small
site that's in with the zoning restrictions of Palo Alto that we have some
impact on. It's very important how we deal with this and what statement we
want to make. Let me bring up a couple of other issues. Traffic. We all
know that traffic is on the minds of the Palo Alto citizens, residents and
voters. It's been the most prevalent issue during the last three annual
Citizen Survey. Traffic is getting worse. What we're talking about here is by

                                                                         Page 35 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
