                         TRANSCRIPT
completed and will be disseminating results of its second annual survey of
commute patterns to and from Downtown Palo Alto. It will be distributed
later this week. The survey was funded by the City and conducted by EMC
Research, same company that did the analysis and survey last year. This
year involving surveys of over 800 employees at businesses in the
Downtown area. Results, in a nutshell overall, showed that the mode shares
have not significantly changed since last year but does point out some
differences in sectors of the Downtown employers.             As such, really
reinforcing the TMA's pilot programs currently under way, that particular one
that targets low-income workers with a free transit pass for up to six
months. The pilot program launched in mid-August with private funding and
is poised to expand shortly with funding approved by the City earlier this
year. We do expect the TMA will be posting the survey on its website later
this week. I shared that information with the Council earlier today. Next,
with regard to San Francisquito Creek Joint Powers Authority (JPA), the JPA
held a retreat this past weekend. On Saturday, I was able to participate as
obviously was the Mayor and a number of other Staff members from each of
the agencies represented on the JPA. This, I understand, was the first
retreat in several years. Now with the segment from the 101 freeway
downstream under construction, it was the opportunity for the JPA to start
its formal discussion on the upstream segment, in particular focus on
starting the Environmental Impact Report and environmental fact statement
for upstream project from Highway 101.            Notices of Preparation for
environmental documents are expected to be discussed at the JPA's next
board meeting, which will happen on November 17 at 4:00 P.M. in East Palo
Alto at the City Council Chambers. Once the Notice of Preparation has been
completed, an Environmental Impact Report (EIR) scoping meeting, in fact
multiple EIR scoping meetings are expected to be scheduled, both in Palo
Alto as well as other communities. We'll keep you informed as these
meetings are scheduled and finalized. One note of an upcoming event. At
the Palo Alto Art Center and Rinconada Library is the unveiling of a new sign
for the joint facility, this Saturday on October 29th at 4:00 P.M. The public
is invited to participate in the dedication ceremony, which will feature
remarks from participants in the system as well as the Art Center as well as
statements from the artist and apparently a countdown to the uncovering of
the whimsical sign. I just read what they tell me. Also on the topic of art,
we have out at King Plaza a new art installation, The Running Wall. A site-
specific design, sculptured by artist Aaron Lee Benson, constructed by 2x4
beams. Once again you will know these are not my words. The piece begins
with a functional bench connecting to a rippling low wall that serpentines
between the trees, then culminates in a circular sculptural element at the
other end of the installation. All lumber will be donated to Habitat for
Humanity at the conclusion of the installation this spring. We hope the

                                                                      Page 39 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
