                          TRANSCRIPT
like that. Lastly, this is just an issue I would just say it relates to the Comp.
Plan and how a lot of things ultimately integrate. Some of this will come out
of the DEIR work. We've got a lot of complex analyses and planning
documents and then decision making we have to make. So much of it is
driven by our hunger for data. We spend a lot of time collecting and
analyzing data and drawing conclusions. We're still always subject to the
assumptions of the data sets that we chose to use and the methodologies. I
think when the Council talks at the Retreat some and maybe about some
upcoming topics, we should identify a process that in some ways identifies
the methodologies and data sets that are roughly acceptable or whatever, so
we're not constantly debating whether or not we've been doing the work,
particularly if we spend months and months doing something. There is not
anything that we couldn't sort of say could have been done a different way.
I think that'll be important to make sure we can set this out. We do
something simpler, though, but similar on the Staff side where we've got a
kind of demographic information group that at least meets once a year and
says these are the official numbers we're going to use, rather than us
publishing ten different population numbers for the City or whatever and try
to identify the methodology. Just put that out there. Other than that, thank
you, guys, very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you all. That concludes this Item.

18.   Study Session on the Parks, Trails, Natural Open Space, and
      Recreation Master Plan.

Mayor Burt: We move on to our last Item which is a Study Session on the
Parks, Trails, Natural Open space and Recreation Master Plan.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director:               Good evening, Council
Members, Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff.             Rob de Geus, Director of
Community Services. Just before we begin the slide show, I did want to
introduce a new Staff member in Community Services. Her name is Kristen
O'Kane; she's the new Assistant Director of Community Services. She's over
there. She began in December. Really happy to have her onboard. She has
a breadth of experience and background in environmental stewardship and
open space conservation.         She's serves as a Parks and Recreation
Commissioner in San Jose. She comes to us from the Santa Clara Valley
Water District where she worked as a Senior Manager. She's going to help
us get this Parks Plan to the finish line this year. I wanted to make sure that
introduced here. We also have MIG, our consultants, here. Lauren Schmid,
principal at MIG, and Ellie Fiore, one of the Project Managers. We also have
Parks Staff here. Public Works Staff have been great partners in this plan. I
want to give a special shout-out to Peter Jensen, Landscape Architect. He's

                                                                         Page 91 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
