                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I guess a second thing. The TDRs, just to clarify,
are subject to Ordinances and City process of their use. Is that correct?

Mr. Perez:   Yes.

Council Member Schmid: Just to be clear, when we're on the other side of
the desk.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about the restroom.               Does the
City have any plans to actually construct a restroom?

Mr. Perez: We're working on that. We're trying to see what opportunities
we have. As you noted in the Report, it could get up there in costs, the
$250-$300 range depending on if it's a unisex or split. We're working with
Community Services and Public Works to see, if we were to do something
else, where could we do it. We're looking at the Baylands Interpretive
Center, for example; is there an opportunity to do something there or are
there alternatives since this request came in?

Council Member DuBois: That cost amount, does that include Staff time to
manage the construction or is that just the actual construction cost?

Mr. Perez: I'd have to double check. We asked for a cost, and they gave us
the cost of a similar project in another part of town. I don't know the
specifics of what was included. I can double check on that.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's assume we get the 562 for the sale of the TDRs.
That's 262,000. The Staff Report indicates that we could reimburse the
Environmental Volunteers group for that or use that money for something
else. Is that correct?

Mr. Perez: The Council at the time made the Motion to reimburse them up
to the 300,000 and also had a—let me read it straight from the Minutes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You don't need to, Lalo. I get that.

Mr. Perez: Basically it leaves it open for you to consider additional amounts.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The question is—I'm trying to understand should we be
using that money for the restroom, should we give that money to the
                                                                             Page 9 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
