                          TRANSCRIPT
less for housing, and we had 20 percent of the people paying 5,000 or more.
I think that's part of what we're seeing in the community, kind of wild
differences in situations. It's kind of interesting to look at income diversity.
It's actually well spread; over every income category it's almost the same. I
think the other thing that we really need do is use this report over the year.
We're going through our budgeting process. We've got planning applications
up 30 percent. We're getting a low rating in that area. I think we really
need to look at how do we shift resources and Staff to the places where
we're getting this kind of feedback. I don't remember seeing it last year,
but thanks for the information on kind of head count versus consultants. I
think that was very useful to see. Again, we'll get to the budget. Even
though we have 30 fewer employees and we had approximately 30 more
consultants, our staffing costs continue to escalate, driven mostly by benefit
costs. Again, I think that's a long-term thing the City needs to figure out,
how to manage those increasing costs. I think there are other areas. I
think we're probably doing it. Again, things like how people contact the City
in terms of saving Staff time, if we can add more and more self-service
things where people get the service they want but aren't necessarily
contacting people. I think that helps. There was a lot of good stuff here.
The City's doing a lot of great work. Just to call out one, the Utilities where
the water bill was going up, but the gas bill went down by almost the same
amount. Again, the value of running our own utilities to our citizens is
pretty clear. I had a lot more comments, but I don't have the time. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would associate some of my comments with what
Council Member DuBois just said. Taking this out of context is difficult, I
think. If we can put it into the context of what's happening, as I said, 2010
bad recession year. As you indicated in here, the number of jobs have gone
up dramatically. With the number of jobs going up which is what people
wanted to have happen, the traffic has gone up, the cost of living has gone
up. I think if we just look at this in terms of absolutes and numbers, it's
really difficult to tell where we're going as a City. Big jump in education,
enrichment and library and that kind of thing which certainly indicates
people must have either more interests or some more free time. I'm not
sure what that means. I think that's a really valuable kind of information to
have. The one I was concerned about is on your Slide 22, the response
time. Perhaps we can get some feedback on that from Dennis or somebody
later. That's always a concern in any community. The last one that I think
is so interesting is what people would do if they could. Since most of you
know I love to walk, they would walk more. I think that's intriguing. Pat
likes to bike. Whatever people like to do, what they're saying is they'd like it
                                                                          Page 13 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
