                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That's another yet use of yellow. Let's move on to the parking
lot. The goal is to determine whether any of these items should be elevated
in their priority over their current priority. If so, what items should be
reduced in priority to make room. I think we actually—we need to look at
these by categories by department.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, one question on this. I think either we're
elevating them without paying attention to what the budget can bear, or we
are trying to balance one against the other. I think we need to know where
we're heading before we start down the parking lot.

Mayor Burt: If we were going to elevate any of these, we'd need to probably
reduce the priority of something else. It may not be from a budgetary
standpoint a tracking that they necessarily—the staffing resources that
would be needed to elevate something and reduce something may not be
the same as the budgetary impact. That's a good question. It's another
dimension which is any budgetary impacts outside of just staffing priority
tradeoffs. For the start, I think we need to identify which departments are
each. Homeless is CSD. Smoking is Public Works, which kind of baffles me.
Pardon me? Sure.

Ms. Stump: I can possibly take this one off. I did get a quick report back
that there is an ordinance that's nearly done. That should be coming
forward—it looks like a little bit of a disconnect between the preparation of
this report and the line Staff who are still working away. On tobacco retailer
licensing, the Staff is working with the County. The State solved two of the
other issues or addressed them substantially, the age and the e-cigarettes.
I think this one can comfortably come off the parking lot if that answer is
satisfactory.

Mayor Burt: We basically just move it up to a green.

Vice Mayor Scharff: From a red to a green, that's progress.

Mayor Burt: We've got ...

Mr. Keene: Pat, could we just go back to homeless services? I can't nail it
down like Molly did. My take on the homeless services item really is this is
some bigger policy discussion that the Council needs to have. What's the
nature of the problem and what's the City's response and is there anything
more we really can do right now? I don't see how we get from here to there
at all in the short term. I don't think this is a question of reprioritizing
something else. Do you want us to put a little bit more money in this or do
you want us to reduce the homeless problem by X? I just think it's a big
policy (inaudible).
                                                                       Page 82 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
