                         TRANSCRIPT
way. Otherwise, we're here to fulfill our obligations. Please vote on the
board. That passes unanimously. That means we will now be following the
original agenda sequence.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.   Review and Direction Regarding Interpretation of Planned Community
     (PC) Ordinances Governing Three of the Four City Parking Garages
     Proposed for Rooftop Solar Installations at 445 Bryant Street, 520
     Webster Street, and 275 Cambridge Avenue and Regarding the
     Architectural Review Procedure for the Three PC Zoned Garages and
     the Fourth Parking Garage at 475 Cambridge Which is Zoned Public
     Facilities (PF), Including a Finding That the Project is Exempt From
     Review Under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA).

Mayor Burt: That takes us to Item No. 9, which is review and direction
regarding interpretation of Planned Community, PC, ordinances governing
three of the four City parking garages proposed for rooftop solar
installations, 445 Bryant Street, 520 Webster and 275 Cambridge Avenue,
and regarding the architectural review procedure for three PC-zoned garages
and the fourth parking garage at 475 Cambridge, which is zoned Public
Facilities, including a finding that the project is exempt from review under
the California Environmental Quality Act. Mr. Lait.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director:
Thank you, Mayor. Good evening ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: (crosstalk) recuse ourselves?

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We have two recusals. Council Member Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I own property within 500 feet of one of the garages, so
I need to recuse myself.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I have the same issue. The City Attorney has
advised that I be recused; therefore, request to recuse.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Member Kniss will not be
participating. Mr. Lait.

Council Member Kniss and Vice Mayor Scharff left the meeting at 7:37 P.M.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Mayor. This evening Staff is before you to essentially
check-in with the City Council. There are four rooftop solar panel projects
                                                                     Page 37 of 100
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/26/16
