                         TRANSCRIPT
tables are different. I was just curious.    Performance-based zoning was
removed in the latest one. Why was that?

Ms. Gitelman:       Council Member DuBois, in response to the Council's
discussion on May 16th, we made some adjustments to the tables to try and
clarify the elements of these things. My impression at the 16th was none of
you were all that enthralled by the performance-based terminology. It was
a little too broad. We've tried to be more specific about the zoning
measures that would be included in the scenarios. Not to say we couldn't
put that back in if it appealed to you.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to make sure it wasn't just replacing
it with different language but meaning the same thing. There's this thing
that says mitigation and sustainability measures adopted to minimize
impacts. Is that meant to be different than performance-based zoning?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah, that's a different set of—we tried to pull the highlights
and policies from the S/CAP that would be included as mitigation measures
or policies in the new scenarios. I think our assumption is that both of these
scenarios are designed to test the mitigation and sustainability measures
and, in that sense, kind of this approach to focusing on performance. That
terminology didn't resonate with the Council, and so we dropped it out here.
We could easily put it back.

Council Member DuBois: To further my comments, I'd like to be really clear
about if we're using it or not. I'd actually suggest we vary that between "5"
and "6."

Ms. Gitelman: That we vary it between "5" and "6," is that what you said?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. I'll explain that when we get there. Maybe
it applies to "6" but not "5."

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: The other one that disappeared was the CC(2)
adjustments. I was just curious why that ... Near California Avenue (Cal.
Ave.)

Ms. Gitelman: Sorry if we dropped that one. We were thinking that—I see.
In that Table 3, we have a row, allowable commercial densities would be
reduced and replaced with residential densities. We just didn't make it
specific.



                                                                          Page 71 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
