                         TRANSCRIPT
tonight, which I know everybody here would like us to do. Our first speaker
is David Schrom, speaking on behalf of Hillary Hugg [phonetic], Robin Bayer
[phonetic], Andrew and Francois Chave [phonetic]. Welcome.

David Schrom, speaking for five people: I want to present Palo Alto parking
from a resident's perspective, and I want to begin by saying that the
residents in my neighborhood feel a deep and sincere thanks to Tom DuBois,
Eric Filseth, Karen Holman and Greg Schmid for their Colleagues' Memo.
The way we perceive the current policy is the City Council is taking from
residents in order to inflate commercial landlords' profits. This amounts in
our eyes to stealing, to take the property of another wrongfully especially as
a habitual, regular practice. Happens every day and every night to us in our
neighborhood. We have a reasonable expectation as homeowners that we're
going to be able to park in front of our homes or that our guests are going to
be able to park in front of our homes. That’s been taken away from us and
is promised to be taken away even more as we continue to allow building
without providing adequate parking in the nearby commercial district. If the
City Council makes it legal to steal kids' lunch money, most of us are going
to just recoil from that. At the same time, people who are employed in the
business district think nothing of taking away the amenity and the
convenience of our parking and the impact on our property values that they
have and our safety and our health and our well-being. Nor do the
commercial landlords who profit from the escalading rents and who benefit
by not having to provide parking worry about taking from us. Basically,
even though it's legal, I think it's stealing. We think it's stealing. What
we're really effectively doing—commercial landlords typically also own their
own homes, but few residents own commercial property. We're taxing the
less wealthy to support the more wealthy, while we in our neighborhood are
by and large progressive people and we're happy to be taxed in order to
make the world more fair, we feel a little crummy when you tax us to make
it less fair. The Lytton garage which you approved in December 2015
produced 214 incremental parking spaces for $13 million. That's $64,500
per space. In Evergreen Park, we have 240 residential parcels, we have 600
on-street spaces, at $64,500 per space, that's $39 million worth of capital
investment in parking. Admittedly the neighborhood is not currently entirely
filled with nonresident parking, but it's headed that direction fast. The
commercial landlords win, the residents lose. Commercial landlords avoid
$39 million in capital cost. Estimating a 10 percent annual return on this
investment and with long-held properties and rapidly escalating rents in the
business district, that's a very conservative thing, we've got $3.9 million in
added revenue going to them because Evergreen Park residents are losing
$3.9 million in parking services and who knows how much in health,
amenities and safety. A typical residence parcel in Evergreen Park is 50x150
feet with 50 feet of frontage, so you've got two parking spaces plus a
                                                                       Page 78 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
