                          TRANSCRIPT
with a thank you. After all the debate about the parcel lines, etc., if we are
acknowledging this as grandfathered in, then it is actually a smaller building
than what's there right now. That's actually impressive. I also appreciate
preserving the trees. For me, that's big. I think that's awesome. I just
want to say thank you for that.           The biggest thing for me, out of
everything, that makes me willing to support this project, even though it's
not a housing or a mixed-use project, is the collaboration and outreach to
the community, to the neighbors. Hearing that from Stanford, from the
property owner and even from the tenant, saying that will do whatever it
takes to make their neighbors happy with them. That will allow them to
work (inaudible) recognizing that there's a self-interest in working
collaboratively with the community. That's, again, something to reward. I
hope that, as we talk about possible bike routes—I understand you want to
talk to the tenant about security. My first security gig when I worked private
security was at an adjacent building. I'm familiar with that. I understand
the need to do that. I hope there will be open communication about bike
and pedestrian access. This, again, might set an example for other areas as
well. I'll support this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry the motion is structured the way it is. I
don't have a specific suggestion. I think I can support the project, but I'm
going to have difficulty certifying the DEIR. The issue is traffic. Traffic is
high on the priority list of residents in Palo Alto. The FAR thing swings on
the interpretation of 700 acres and legal. If the maker is willing to split the
Motion ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: I'd support it.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I'm kind of sorry that the
Motion is structured the way it is; although, I don't have a specific
suggestion. I think I can support the project, but I'm going to have a lot of
difficulty supporting actually certifying the DEIR. I agree with—the issue is
traffic. All the studies we do that come back and say no significant impact.
Traffic is kind of way up high on the priority list of residents in Palo Alto. We
heard this over and over and over again. I think there's a lot of skepticism
with these kinds of reports. Council Member Schmid pointed out a number
of the problems with it. The shortcomings of our studies have come up
before. There's been general agreement that we have difficulty assessing
the cumulative impacts. I'm looking here on the Staff Report. I did find the
cumulative section. Basically it says that the delays at these intersections in

                                                                          Page 81 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
