                          TRANSCRIPT
would become legal and nonconforming if we proceeded. Those three uses
are all on the CPI site, and they're shown on this map. This is a blow-up of
the CPI site so you can see the building span, what is a large site, and the
plating shop has been called out there. Generally nonconforming uses are
permitted to remain but cannot be intensified. However, in some instances
nonconforming uses can be phased out or amortized. There's a legal
standard of review that must be met to make this happen. In the past, the
Council directed and the City undertook a study and then CPI undertook a
follow-up study of the potential amortization of facilities at CPI. Our study in
2011 examined amortization of the CPI facility, actually focusing on the
plating shop, and concluded that a reasonable amortization date would be
the year 2026 based on that investment. CPI's study looked more broadly
at the whole complex, the whole facility. First of all, they argued that the
plating shop couldn't be separated from the rest of the uses, and it would
take longer. It would take until 2052 to amortize the whole facility. Rod's
firm reviewed the two studies and found them both to be essentially sound
with some qualifiers. We can talk further about that if you wish. I think we
touched on this in our discussion in November. Essentially what we've done
is craft an amortization Ordinance that takes both of these studies, the City's
study and CPI's study, at face value. What if these two studies' conclusions
are sound?        Effectively, the first amortization Ordinance that was
transmitted to you 10 days ago in your Packet includes a paragraph that
would require the plating shop to relocate at least 300 feet from sensitive
receptors by the end of 2026. That plating shop could still be on the CPI
site. The site is large enough that they could move 300 feet away from the
fence between CPI and the neighbors, but they would have to build a new
facility that 300 feet away, and it would have to be done by the end of 2026.
This is the Ordinance that was presented to the Planning and Transportation
Commission and recommended by them. At that time, we indicated to the
Planning and Transportation Commission that following the Council's
direction we were talking with CPI and some representatives of the
neighbors about whether we could offer an incentive plan essentially to get
the plating shop offsite instead of just 300 feet across the parking lot. The
second Ordinance, which is Attachment C, that was transmitted to you at the
end of last week is an Ordinance that starts to lay out what that incentive
plan must be. This is Staff's recommendation this evening. Under the terms
of this Ordinance the first paragraph essentially remains the same. There's
a 2026 requirement to move the plating shop 300 feet away from sensitive
receptors. However, it has a second paragraph that would allow CPI to elect
to move the plating shop offsite instead of just 300 feet away. If they did
so, they would get five additional years or to the year 2031. This provision,
that second paragraph in Attachment C, is only available to the company if
the City and CPI enter into an enforceable agreement before the effective
date of this Ordinance. If we continue negotiations and we work hard and
                                                                          Page 26 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
