                              TRANSCRIPT
right direction. Anything we can do to price greenhouse gas emissions to
acknowledge those externalized costs is important.             Ultimately, the
underlying political economy driver has encouraged and led to climate
change. Since the Industrial Revolution, we haven't priced greenhouse gas
emissions. We've allowed all of us to externalize those costs. A step in that
direction is a positive step as I see it. I respectfully don't understand how
taking this positive step in any way inhibits taking further steps, how pricing
methane prevents us from pursuing electrification or efficiency in our system
or efficiency in homes. Part of what we're trying to do here is give Staff the
direction, the encouragement, the leeway to investigate just how can we
spend these funds. We're not sure yet, but we're looking to investigate can
we spend rate funds on system improvements to look for fugitive emissions
at joints, etc., can we spend it on improvements in homes, could we even
spend it on electrification in homes and other properties owned by
ratepayers. That's the goal here. Also, the concern that this is taking
money out of our community. Again, the focus here is to prioritize local
offsets either that exist now or that may exist in the future. The question of
whether we can trust that the offsets are well accredited. We are using
California Air Resources Board, CARB, standards. We are looking to them to
evaluate offset programs. As we discussed at the Finance Committee, that's
probably the best standard around, at least in our area, that's accessible to
us. If there is a better standard, I'd love to hear it. They have to continue
to improve over time, and I expect they will continue to improve in the
future.    With that commentary, I'd like to move forward with the
recommendation and …

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are you making the Motion?

Council Member          Wolbach:      Yeah.     I'd   like   to   move      the      Staff
recommendation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.         Adopt a Resolution that:

     i.         Approves the Carbon Neutral Gas Plan, enabling the City to
                achieve a carbon-neutral gas supply portfolio starting in FY 2018
                with a rate impact not to exceed 10¢/therm; and

     ii.        Terminates the PaloAltoGreen Gas program established by
                Resolution 9405; and

                                                                                Page 41 of 81
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                                          Transcript: 12/5/16
