                          TRANSCRIPT
City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt:    We will proceed with our next Item which is Oral
Communications. Sorry, out of sequence here. Next Item is City Manager
Comments. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. A
number of things to report on this evening. First of all, from the Fire
Department and our Economic Development folks, I did want to let you
know that the City was approached by a mobile fueling business or actually
several who are interested in starting operations in Palo Alto. Mobile fueling
services have the potential at times for broad public approval as they offer
the convenience of having personal vehicles fueled without the need to visit
a gas station. A customer would order gasoline—you remember gasoline,
that's something we're trying to get rid of, but that's for later on this
evening—via smart phone application (app.) and then have their vehicle
fueled at their workplace. Currently the adopted Fire Code does not allow
mobile fueling except on rural farms or large construction areas. The only
product that can be dispensed is lower risk diesel fuel. Our Fire Department
in conjunction with the County Fire Marshal's and the State Fire Marshal's
Offices has been working through a variety of Fire Code hazardous materials
and environmental protection regulations related to this new business
model. Our Fire Chief and our Fire Marshal as well as our Economic
Development Director recently met with mobile fueling representatives
related to the possibility of a trial project in Palo Alto. While we're not
prepared to identify when or whether a trial study could start, I did want to
let you know that we are discussing this with these mobile fuel operators.
We'd need to be able to address community safety and possible updates to
the Fire Code before anything like that could happen here. The Planning and
Community Environment Department hosted a demonstration of a two-way
cycle track on Park Boulevard between California Avenue and Grant Avenue
on Sunday, April 10th, from 9:00 A.M. to 1:00 P.M. The demonstration was
held in conjunction with the California Avenue farmers market. This living
preview gave Palo Alto bicycle riders, residents and visitors a chance to visit
a Class bikeway along the east side of Park Boulevard and ride for two
blocks completely separated from motor vehicle traffic.             City Staff,
consultants and volunteers from the community, Payback and Silicon Valley
Bike Coalition assisted guests with navigation and collected their feedback at
two information tents. The feedback from cyclists was generally positive;
however, there were some concerns expressed regarding access to and from
the two-way facility. Residents of a nearby mixed-use building voiced
concern regarding the impact to on-street parking in the block between
California (Cal.) Avenue and Sherman Avenue. Our Staff will be reviewing
all of the input we've received and looking at several alternatives including a
                                                                           Page 3 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
