                          TRANSCRIPT
created the non-conformancy by dividing my property. How is that legal?
We're talking about a parcel line adjustment as opposed to a lot subdivision,
but it seems the same thing to me. How is it different?

Ms. Silver: You've reached the nub of the issue. We have struggled with
issue ourselves. We see both sides of it. The Council can disagree with us.
Based on all of the circumstances here, the fact that—Stanford was the one
who entered into the lease and created the lease parcel. The City had
knowledge of that at the time. The City approved the buildings. We believe
that that is an action that is akin to zoning type of action. The Code also
references an annexation, which references some type of City involvement.
That's really the nub of the issue. It is a close call.

Council Member Holman: Following that line of thinking—sorry for the
questions, but it is the crux of this matter before us. If the City knows that
that is happening but doesn't catch that something illegal is happening. If I
also build on my property, I'm allowed a 3,000-square-foot house, but I add
1,000 square feet to it. If the City subsequently finds out that they've made
an error in allowing that extra 1,000 square feet, they can make me take it
down. I'm having a hard time following how the City knowing about it
makes it okay.

Mayor Burt: Is that a statement or a question?

Council Member Holman: A question. I'm trying to understand why this is
different than the scenario I just put forward.

Ms. Silver: The way we analyze it, as Jodie mentioned, under the Zoning
Code, which is the operative document here, it is technically a single, 700-
acre parcel.

Council Member Holman: The spine road, there's no real description of it in
the Staff Report. I can't tell if there was anything that other entities used to
consider how that might be an improved circulation. Was that provided to
other entities? It hasn't been provided to us. It doesn't indicate what the
spine road would be in the site plans that we've seen or anything in the Staff
Report. Was that provided to other entities for consideration? A lot of
people won't know what a spine road is.

Ms. Gitelman:     I'm sorry, Council Member Holman.          Maybe I don't
understand. We raised the spine road as an issue in the Staff Report
because it was raised to us. We concluded that it is not necessary to have a
road through the site to respond to any circulation impacts. We did talk in
the Staff Report about the desire to create pedestrian and bicycle access

                                                                          Page 66 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
