                          TRANSCRIPT
forth, whether it's for utilities now or infrastructure, bicycle, pedestrian.        I
don't have the answer that (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss: That's all I want to know; you don't have the
answer. That's helpful. As we look at other parts of the Research Park, do
we see any other 50-foot setbacks in any other particular areas?

Mr. Lait: There are special setbacks throughout the City. There are other
special setbacks within the Research Park. I'd have to pull up a map to find
that.

Council Member Kniss: Again, not really sure why.

Mr. Lait: Right. I've not been able to find that out.

Council Member Kniss: Come back to another aspect of this. Even though
my Colleague here says he has trouble with the word, I want to ask the
applicant what in this case would a gateway mean?

Mr. Popp: Gateway. I'm using that ...

Council Member Kniss: Gateway turns out to be not ...

Mr. Popp: I'm using that term essentially to indicate that this is the front
door of the Research Park off of El Camino. Hansen Way and virtually all of
the streets that travel through the Research Park are these sort of
meandering, wide, well-landscaped roadways. We sit right at the corner of
that as this tiny little parcel. Maybe to add a little bit of information to the
answer that Jonathan gave. On this printout here from the City's Zoning
Map, you can see the green lines that are traveling around all the roads
here. Throughout the entire Research Park, there's a 50-foot special setback
that's essentially just been written everywhere across the Research Park.
It's sort of blanketed by that. The condition that we're describing is that we
think it just got struck across our site too, because they were just kind of
doing everything. Our site can't tolerate it. That's what we're here to talk
about. It's this extreme ...

Council Member Kniss: Your argument is this isn't part of the Research Park
...

Mr. Popp: It's not.

Council Member Kniss: ... and it's not part of the 50-foot that was
established. You see this as a gateway because it is ...

Mr. Popp: The doorway to the Research Park off of ...
                                                                         Page 28 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
