                          TRANSCRIPT
set of graphs here illustrates—as of today, we have 7.9 miles of bike
boulevard corridors in the concept planning phase. We have 5.0 miles that
have had their concept plans already approved by City Council. If you elect
to move forward with all of our recommendations this evening, we'll move to
the bottom chart where we'll have 11.1 miles of bike boulevards in the final
design phase, and then only 4.5 miles remaining where we have not
conducted any work to date. Just a brief primer on bike boulevards. We
really had four objectives when we developed the concept plans for these
bike boulevards. First and foremost, these are bicycle projects, but they are
really traffic calming projects at their heart and soul. One of the primary
goals, if not the overarching goal of the entire program, is to reduce motor
vehicle speeds on these streets and to get motor vehicles operating at
moderated speeds closer to the speed at which bicyclists travel along the
corridors. Lower speeds save lives. Study after study shows that your
chance of surviving a collision when hit by a motor vehicle moving at 25
miles an hour is vastly greater than a motor vehicle traveling 35 or above.
We also worked very closely with the Safe Routes to School program. You
recently just approved the last set of the Walk and Roll maps that were
developed by the Safe Routes to School team. Those played an integral part
in the treatments and some of the elements that you'll see in the concept
plans for the bike boulevard corridors. We've also looked very closely
throughout the process at ways that we can add vegetation, greenery and
improve the aesthetics of some of the roadways that are involved in these
projects. That's particularly relevant in the corridors in the South Palo Alto
area where there were a lot of wider streets that were built more recently
that didn't really have a lot of street trees or vegetation. You'll see that in
some of the concept plans that we'll discuss a little bit later. Some of the
treatments that you'll see in the concept plans include speed humps which,
in this case, we've elected to identify slotted speed humps. This is based on
community feedback. These look like traditional speed humps, but they
have gaps that are set at about the wheel base of an emergency vehicle, an
ambulance or a fire truck. It enables fire trucks to pass at a higher speed
over the speed hump to reach emergencies. Whereas, a typical passenger
car cannot straddle those two slots. It also allows cyclists to travel through
the slots and not have their travel interrupted by a speed hump. We also
have several curb extension identified along these four projects. Curb
extensions typically are constructed where you have a parking lane and you
have roadway space that you can add vegetation and street trees within the
curb extension.      They also serve to tighten up the roadway, and
psychologically drivers tend to slow down when the roadway feels tighter
and more constrained.         Several places we're recommending raised
intersections. This would be where the entire intersection is brought up to
the level of the sidewalk. This basically forces drivers to yield at pedestrian
crossings at the intersections, because they have to slow down as they're
                                                                        Page 16 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
