                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: 311 for Code Enforcement—there's another place
on the City's website that you can turn in Code Enforcement complaints.
Can 311 be used for Code Enforcement and have that kind of response
back?

Mr. Keene: Sure, you can. What I would say is—I don't know if Jon would
put that up right now. We have an evolving list of issues or problems that
we also look to modify based on the kind of feedback that we get.
Somebody can actually enter an issue themselves. If it's a thing that we get
like trash left on the street or we've got a leaf blower tagline right now that
you can look up. They'll be nested in some broad categories. Within those,
you go into it, and you can hit a bunch of different items. The nice thing, of
course, is it's geo-coded. If you do it at the location where you are—that's
what I typically do as opposed to what I was doing here. Take the photo,
send it in right then and there, hit the topic. I'll sometimes type in a little
solution. When we first put it up, it was kind of slow on the uptake. You
sort of felt like I want to click it, take this page and move on. Now it's
actually really pretty quick. I feel like within 30 seconds for the most part
I've got something photographed, identified, described and sent in, and
gotten a response.

Council Member Holman: One last question about it, I think. Once there's a
311 turned in and someone touches the ticket, is there any kind of—I'm not
aware of it if there is—timeframe? A ticket is touched within 24, 72 hours,
and then an item should be closed within—it would depend, of course, on
what the item is. There's a target of items are resolved or addressed within
X amount of time or there's an email sent to the person who has submitted
the 311 complaint, if you will, about what the next steps will be.

Mr. Reichental:    I wonder if there's anybody here from Public Works,
potentially, who could speak to that.

Council Member Holman: It could be Public Works; it could be Planning.
Jonathan is here. Code Enforcement, for instance, wouldn't be Public Works
necessarily.

Mr. Keene: I think it's useful to think that, as something Jonathan said
earlier, this is a dynamic, interactive approach between the technology, the
community and the organization. We actually limited 311 to Public Works
for a long period of time and didn't branch out into other departments. One,
there are a lot of complaint areas within their area. I'd say that probably
they're the most facile in the intake and the standards that they've
established and the routineness of their response. As we've deployed it into
other areas, I think you have the same learning curve within a department.

                                                                        Page 15 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
