                         TRANSCRIPT
City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We now go to City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mayor and Council. Somewhere I
may have a photo in here at some point. David, if you'd just sort of track
with me. First of all, I wanted to update the Council on the Downtown
parking garage project.       It is one of your Council Infrastructure Plan
projects. Last December, our Staff brought a Consent Item to Council for
approval of the scope of work and evaluation criteria to be included in the
Request for Proposals to design the parking garage. At that meeting,
several members of the public spoke about the relationship between parking
supply and other efforts to address parking and transportation issues. The
Council ultimately voted to pull the parking garage item from the Consent
Agenda and asked that it be brought back as an Action Item in the context
of other transportation demand-related subjects.          We had hoped to
reschedule the parking garage item for early this year but have been
occupied with other transportation initiatives. As it stands right now, in the
proposed Fiscal Year (FY) 2017-21 Capital Improvement Program, the
California (Cal.) Avenue parking garage is funded for construction in FY
2018, which would be the following fiscal year after the one we're moving
into, and a Downtown parking garage is funded for construction in FY 2019.
You may want to keep this in mind when you're taking up the budget
adoption on June 13th. The location of the Cal. Ave. parking garage has
been determined by the Public Safety Building project and will be
constructed and opened before construction begins on the Public Safety
Building itself. The location of the Downtown parking garage had been
tentatively identified as Lot D on the corner of Hamilton and Waverley. We
can confirm and/or reassess the choice based on the parking demand and
turnover information being gathered as part of the paid parking study this
summer and fall. I know there are those who would like to see our
Transportation Management Association (TMA) and other initiatives be so
successful the new parking garage is not necessary Downtown; however, my
Transportation Staff believes that some new supply will be needed as we
start to reduce the number of employee spaces in the residential
neighborhoods surrounding Downtown through the Residential Preferential
Parking (RPP) program. We will be discussing the TMA again on the Agenda
coming up in June and will be discussing RPP again in August. Please expect
further discussion of the new Downtown parking garage sometime very soon
after that. Caltrain minor grade crossing improvements. As part of its
standard work plan, Caltrain is advancing a series of minor improvements to
the Palo Alto Avenue, otherwise known as the Alma Street crossing,
Churchill Avenue, Meadow Drive and Charleston Road grade crossings.
These proposed safety enhancements include the installation of additional
                                                                        Page 4 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
