                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: A few things here. Traffic calming is always a
good thing. I'll just give a nod to Council Member DuBois' comment about
cut-through traffic too and how it relates to that. Just one comment. I
didn't notice anything in here about landscape and trees being traffic
calming devices; although, one of the slides, for instance, indicated a tree
being planted, but I didn't see a written reference to landscape and trees.
Did I just miss that? There's the tree being planted, but I don't see …

Mr. Mello: We have street trees listed …

Council Member Holman: Street trees, there it is. Street trees is there.

Mr. Mello: … under arterial traffic calming.

Council Member Holman: Other landscape can also make a difference.
Agree about school zones. Public or private, I don't know why they'd be
considered any differently. Also agree about the Palo Alto Avenue actually
to Embarcadero and Middlefield. Sequencing, a couple of things. One is
how fast the traffic goes sometimes is dependent on—it can work either way.
Either there's too much traffic—traffic can be slowed because of congestion.
If there is too much traffic also, it can lead to different patterns of driving.
It seems to me that there ought to be some coordination and consideration
of street speeds and enforcement with our Transportation Demand
Management (TDM) programs and how those relate to each other. I haven't
seen that. The other is kind of a more generic question or maybe even a
comment. If we have to do these studies in order to be able to enforce by
radar, if patterns change such that we would need to increase street speeds
to be able to enforce by radar, are we not just over time leading to a gradual
degradation of quality of life by increase of traffic speeds?         Help me
understand why if we have posted speeds of 25 miles an hour and we
haven't done one of these studies for a good long while, but the 25 miles an
hour zone was based on, in all theory, the prevailing speeds at that time and
the desires based on the kind of street it is, do we have no—it just seems
odd that we can't enforce that via radar or any other mechanism.

Mr. Mello: It could very well become a self-fulfilling prophecy where you
increase the speed limit, operating speeds increase. You do your next
survey, and it recommends increasing the speed limit again. You could end
up gradually increasing the speed limit to the point where it really
dramatically affects quality of life and livability. If you look at the slide up
here, Slide 19, conventional highway design, you would use the operating
speed to determine a design speed. Then, your posted speed would be a
result of the operating speed after the roadway was opened and operating.
The new way of thinking is that we would collaboratively as a community

                                                                          Page 40 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
