                          TRANSCRIPT
70 percent majority now. Many people have reversed their votes, and the
support for the proposal is clearly eroding. Now why is that? There are
serious questions about the process by which the signatures are gathered. I
think all of us have been subjected to our neighbors coming to us and asking
us to sign something. If you don't want to irritate them, you might sign it
without thinking too much about it. Four of the original signatories who
were in that original 70 percent wrote a check to pay for me to come here
tonight. That's how seriously they felt in opposition to this proposal once
they got a good look at it. The initial FAQ that was sent out to residents that
most of the people that I represent read wrongfully stated there would be a
subsequent yes or no, up or down vote in the neighborhood. That was not
the case. There's a second corrected FAQ, but many people never saw that.
It apparently was not sent to people who might be perceived as potential
switches on the vote. The proponents only had to provide one signature per
household. That means if they came around and the wife said no, they
could come around and get the husband to say yes. That counts as a yes
vote. Of course, if there's more people in the household, they just had to
get one to be counted. I don't think too many people are going to go down
to City Hall and say, "My wife or husband voted for this. I'm against it. We
have to change our vote." The proponents told the neighbors that a single-
story home could be built with the same square footage as a two-story
home. That may be true for one or two parcels. It's not true for the
majority of the parcels. The setbacks in this neighborhood are severe as I'll
talk about in a minute. The materials about the single story overlay were
distributed only in English. Many of our newer homebuyers, that is not their
native language. Information was circulated indicating that single story
overlay properties appreciate more quickly in value. There's no actual proof
of that. No appraiser has said that. No realtor has said that. There are no
defensible statistical methods to prove that. It is certainly true that smaller
homes in Palo Alto are likely to be appreciating faster, but that's in spite of
their being smaller, not because they are smaller. Sometimes the most
courageous action the Council can take is inaction. The Royal Manor area is
unique in providing homeowners with very little option other than to build up
if they want to increase these 1,400-square-foot homes. All of the homes
are in the flood zone. You cannot have a basement. Many are hemmed in
by setbacks, particularly on Loma Verde. There are also utility lines and
utility setbacks that the City really cannot relax, even if you wanted to give
people a break.         There are serious questions about whether the
neighborhood supports this. There is no crisis or emergency. The sacrifice
being asked of here is not being made equally. Some families are larger
than others. Some parcels have room to expand; others do not. Some may
not have their value or ability to develop affected much at all, while others
will have no room at all to expand. In some cases, these homes even
already have two-story houses next to them. They still will not be able to
                                                                         Page 65 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
