                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: I can take in large the questions to other buildings.

Council Member Kniss: No, I think it is compatible. It's compatibility.

Mayor Burt: The design criteria don't apply to single-family homes, correct?

Mr. Lew: Right.

Council Member Kniss: What Mr. ...

Mayor Burt: They don't review the single-family homes.

Council Member Kniss: No. Mr. Lew said that's the hardest thing that they
deal with, compatibility. Did you not say that?

Mayor Burt:   Yeah, but they don't deal with it on looking at single-family
homes.

Mr. Lew: We don't review houses. We review multifamily if it's more than
three units of residential and all the commercial buildings.

Council Member Kniss: That's all you were referring to?

Mr. Lew: Right, yes. Sorry if that was not clear. To your point, though, is it
about style, is it about different styles? I think that our compatibility
standards are geared towards massing, window patterns.

Council Member Kniss: We're on single-family homes, right?

Mr. Lew: No, on all buildings.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you.

Mr. Lew: It's not based on style; it's based on the underlying principles of
proportions and materials, colors and massing. You could have different
styles of buildings together on one street. In the end, they're supposed to
be sort of the same idea. That is actually what, I think, Palo Alto is about
and used to do very well. We've been struggling in recent years.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. If I was slightly off the mark, thank you
for bringing it back and making a really cogent comment. I appreciate it.

Mr. Lew: I just have one follow-up comment on the Minutes, the ARB
Minutes. Several of you mentioned the Minutes. It's been an issue with the
Board as well. I think if you look at our recent meetings—I'm saying maybe
even the last two meetings—it's changed. You'll see more discussion points,

                                                                        Page 20 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
