                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Yes, right.

Council Member Kniss: I thought there was also a check-in at six—after 60
days. I thought we were doing 60 and 120, and now you're suggesting six
months. Right? Six months would take us what? To the end of September?

Council Member Schmid: Hillary?

Ms. Gitelman: Our plan is to do data collection regularly. I think the
request is to come back to Council with that data for a check-in after six
months from adoption.

Council Member Kniss: Nothing to do with the duration of the RPP. Correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. This next phase is to last a year.

Council Member Kniss: Back then to the word adjustment.

Ms. Gitelman: The word adjustment is from the Resolution that's currently
in effect. It's in a paragraph—Section Two, Paragraph Two. It says during
the second phase the City will regulate the number of employee permits
issued based on parking occupancy data collected in the first phase. It is
expected this distribution of permits will be iterative and adjusted during the
course of Phase Two.

Council Member Kniss: Do we need to make that any more specific to know
that we need to look at whatever the wording is, 200 permits which, by the
way, I don't think is 10 percent, at the end of that first year? Since we're in
a pilot, we need some way to assess and adjust. You've used the word
adjustment, I think, in such a way that the Resolution would allow us to do
that.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the Resolution that's before you tonight—I was
reading from the original Resolution. The Resolution that's before you
tonight has sufficient clarity in that Paragraph D in Section 5(c)(2). It says
...

Council Member Kniss: Section 5(c)?

Ms. Gitelman: This is on Page Four of the Resolution. There's a Paragraph
D called Employee Permit Reduction Strategy. It says that following the first
year of Phase Two—this first year—the City will begin decreasing annual
employee permits by approximately 200 permits per year based on parking
occupancy reduction, and it goes on. Our thought is we'll collect data, we'll
come back for the check-in that you've requested after six months, and then

                                                                         Page 50 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
