                         TRANSCRIPT
the FEMA requirement regarding the height. It certainly adds a fair amount
to the cost at the same time. We have to have this policy; there's no
question. That's Number 3.        It'd be good to know cost, what other
jurisdictions are doing around us. Pat's been extremely involved with the
creek project and with a number of other jurisdictions and how many other
jurisdictions would be involved with some of these decisions that we make,
especially around the adapt—what was the other? Adapt and ...

Mr. Bobel: Protect.

Council Member Kniss: ... protect plan, because what was presented was
very appealing when you do something that appears much more natural. All
of these have costs with them. Obviously something we need to do. Just
talk a little about that and where we're going with our budget.

Mr. Bobel: That's a big issue for us all. Using the example of the SAFER
project, we have options and we have costs. The expectation is that cost
will be a major factor in determining what options are chosen. That's the
only wisdom I can pass on about cost, to say that it's our expectation that in
any actions, projects we would propose, to look at costs and tell you what
the benefits are of additional spending.

Council Member Kniss: The FEMA map updates, Number 2, which as you've
said we have nothing to say about, but they ...

Mr. Bobel:    We've commented on it, and hopefully they'll take our
comments.

Council Member Kniss: Remembering back to the big flood and how much of
a challenge there was regarding what FEMA would cover and not cover, I'm
hoping at some point we also know, for those who want to build in that flood
zone, what that actual cost will be to them and/or to us. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just one very basic question. In the material we
got, there's a section called local projects on Page 9 and 10 of the Staff
Report. It mentions the SAFER project and states there the study and
design for the Bay-front levees between San Francisquito Creek and
Redwood City. On the previous page, under local projects, it has the City of
Mountain View has done a comprehensive sea level rise vulnerability and
adaptation assessment, and the City has developed a Capital Improvement
Program to meet flood protection. If you can turn to your Slide 7, if you
take those two local projects literally, we are doing a job from the
borderlands on the left northward, and Mountain View and the South Bay
                                                                        Page 8 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
