                          TRANSCRIPT
suggested here. It really depends on what the specific rates look like in
each city and what the modeling looks like. I think that's going to be a key
part of it, really having some more time to go through the information that
was sent to us, so we can craft a proposal that actually makes sense for this
community. Those are two examples of what happened in other places.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. It does occur to me that another part of the
difference in equating the value of solar through Net Metering that is being
done by investor-owned utilities compared to the City of Palo Alto is the
comparative cost of renewables. Palo Alto has drastically lower cost of
renewables than the investor-owned utilities. I won't even say "most," than
all. We did very opportunistic buying. When they compare the value of
their Net Metering purchase or cost avoidance, it's a higher cost avoidance.
It's not just the base electricity rate, I assume. What you were starting to
say, it sounds like it's against their solar or other renewables which, I think,
are even comparatively higher than Palo Alto. It's kind of making sense
there. What I think would be important for me—I'll see whether the maker
and seconder are open to it—is to be able to have this come back to the
Council within a year from when it triggers, meaning when we run out of the
old program and start the new, to have a report out on what is occurring in
other agencies and whether what we've anticipated or interpreted as the
requirements are bearing out. I would offer an amendment that these Staff
return within 1 year of what I'll call the implementation date of the new ...

Vice Mayor Scharff:      Why don't you say reaching the cap, because
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Okay. One year of reaching the cap from the old NEM program
or the expiring NEM program. The report would provide an update on NEM
programs elsewhere in the state and a comparison to the Palo Alto program
as well as the effectiveness of the new Palo Alto program in incentivizing
local residential solar adoption. Instead of incentivizing, I'd say spurring.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    Right now it says including.    I think it needs to say
spurring.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is that (inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: Wait a minute.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think you're right.

Mayor Burt: I think we've got it. Is that ...
                                                                        Page 38 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
