                            TRANSCRIPT
F.      Add to Program 4.A.iv., “and add funding goals for a regular
        maintenance program.”

G.      Add to Program 5.B.ix. Bullet 2, “and consideration of alternatives to
        removal” after “development projects;” and

H.      Direct Staff to improve the language of the outcome description in
        Program 5.B.xii.; and

I.      Direct Staff to add quantification of benefits to Policy 6.A.; and

J.      Replace in Program 6.A.i., “and divisions” with “divisions, Canopy and
        other related organizations;” and

K.      Add to Program 6.A.iv., “Canopy and other related organizations” after
        “relevant departments;” and

L.      Add to Program 6.A.iv., “root impact on and off site” (new Bullet 3);
        and

M.      Add to Program 6.B.v., “earth stability on hillsides” (new Bullet 8); and

N.      Direct Staff to clarify Program 6.G.i. language; and

O.      Direct Staff to add protections for trees of a certain size; and

P.      Adopt the proposed alternate Vision Statement replacing Paragraph 5
        with, “opportunities presented by new development for enhancement
        of the urban forest will be optimized and ensure that the forest thrives
        and is contiguous, complex, and resilient. Negative impacts of new
        development will be minimized.”

Mayor Burt:      On that note, let's vote on the board.   That passes
unanimously. Thank you all very much. We actually did speed up the last
two items a bit.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: We now go on to Council Member Comments and Questions.
Council Member Wolbach.

                                                                          Page 108 of 110
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/23/16
