                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. de Geus: We'd have to look at it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's 7.7 acres. I'd like to see that eventually be opened
to the public, and I'm concerned it could take forever.

Mr. de Geus: There's a lot of CIPs we would look at. I'd say for this one,
Council Member Scharff, you're right it is moving forward. We finally do
have the RFP done, and we've selected a vendor to do the study. The next
step is the study needs to be done. There isn't a whole lot we can do to
speed it up right now. As soon as the study's done, then we can evaluate
what the options are for the use of that 7.7 acres, go to Parks and Rec
Commission, and back to Council as quickly as we can.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I'm really hearing is that there's nothing we really
need to do to speed this up. Is that fair?

Mr. de Geus: Right now that is fair, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mr. Keene: I might add that different folks might have colored these a little
bit differently. We may get in another situation where yellow actually means
it is held up more.

Mayor Burt: We'll accept that the color coding is approximate.          Council
Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Can I get some clarity on Number 8 on page 2,
the Baylands Comprehensive Conservation Plan. I'm not sure I understand
the genesis of this and how it relates to the Baylands Master Plan. I'm a
little perplexed.

Mr. de Geus: The Baylands Comprehensive Conservation Plan is really about
how to manage the different species that live out in the Baylands, the
endangered species, the animals and so on. That is not in the Baylands
Master Plan. Effective, responsible management of open space is to have a
Comprehensive Conservation Plan for the open space property. We don't
have that for the Baylands or for Foothills Park, which we'll be
recommending at some point in the future too. It's fairly expensive to do,
somewhere in the $300,000 range. It's not a high priority necessarily
against all of the other CIPs. I know that we're trying to balance the CIP
budget, so there's been some discussion that this one may need to be held
off for a little while.



                                                                      Page 40 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
