                         TRANSCRIPT
opportunistic and maybe we can do it here or maybe we can do it there.
This creates a metric that we evaluate our parks through and say here are
the finalists.   Then, let's go out into the community and have those
conversations and see what we haven't thought of and what's impossible,
what negative consequences could be. I guess my first question is along
those lines. To what extent will there be outreach to groups like Audubon
Society or Canopy or others as we kind of pursue different facilities at
different parks that might impact our trees or our bird life or whatever the
case may be? Is there a plan to kind of keep them plugged in and get them
to weigh in as we go along?

Mr. de Geus: Absolutely. This is just a starting point and the start of a
conversation in some ways, what's listed here. It gets us further along, I
think, than not having feedback from the public and the kind of outreach
we've done. I think you're exactly right about the policy question about dog
parks and which parks seem more suitable than others to maybe have a dog
park and why and what we've heard from the public. When we talk to the
local community, we at least have that information. That doesn't mean that
it's going to happen there, but at least it gets us further along to have the
conversation, and maybe the local neighborhood can understand a little
more why we're taking a look at that site in particular. We may be able to
get to a decision of putting a restroom or a dog park at a few places.

Council Member Berman: That's great. Council Member Kniss and I run in
different circles, but I get a lot of emails from friends who are apoplectic
about the fact that we don't have restrooms in some of these parks. These
are friends who have kids. If folks in the neighborhood don't think that a
little boy is going to find a place to use the bathroom, even if there's a
restroom or not, they're kidding themselves. We might as well just put a
bathroom there and make it as family-friendly as we possibly can for people
to really be able to use the park in a relaxed way, where they don't have to
worry about having to rush off if their son or daughter needs to use the
restroom. Undoubtedly, there will be opposition to it because it's a change,
and there's opposition to all change. I'd be surprised if the vast majority of
people, as your feedback has shown, think that's a good idea.

Mr. de Geus:      It's interesting with bathrooms in particular.      Almost
everybody that you ask, if you're not talking specifically about a park near
their house, they say, "Yes, bathrooms are a good idea. Put them in parks."
It changes when they start thinking about it in their neighborhood park.

Council Member Berman: We have bathrooms in parks already, and we
know that it doesn't lead to the total degradation of the park or their
experience there or their quality of life in their neighborhood. We're not

                                                                       Page 14 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
