                         TRANSCRIPT
thoughtful discussion. I'm just going to mention a few comments that
haven't come up or a few comments in response to some of the comments
that have come up. The first is that there's a lot of talk in this about
trenching Caltrain underneath East Meadow and Charleston, which is great.
I wonder where the thoughts are about trenching Caltrain north of Oregon
Expressway and California Avenue. I think that needs to be revisited, and
continuing on into Menlo Park and Atherton. The second thing is that I think
that the prioritization of goals is the purview of the Council, not the CAC. I
also think that there are things that can be done to minimize conflicts,
(inaudible) in policies. For example, this may get into a slight bit of
minutiae, but consider differences between promoting building projects that
have childcare versus promoting projects to have childcare. That one word,
"that" to "to," actually makes a difference in terms of how you deal with
conflicts of multiple Comp. Plan policies. Therefore, I do think that the
language could be scrubbed to try to advise future Councils when policies
are in favor of something and policies against something, that that is more
clearly understood. I think the Council has decided that policies that are not
in favor of a project should be mentioned as part of a Staff Report. There's
a lot of talk about millennials not having cars. I read an article in “The
Atlantic” the other day about how millennials are starting to have cars and
starting to move into the suburbs as they have kids. Maybe it's just that
they're getting married and having kids later than they did in previous
generations. That's a transition that's happening. The reason that there's
only one cross-cutting Committee of sustainability and no subcommittees
and partly the Brown Act, no sub-subcommittees, if you have multiple cross-
cutting committees, there's no time for them to meet. Dan and I came up
very carefully with an arrangement of subcommittees in such a way that we
didn't violate the Brown Act for the overall CAC. It would be nice to have
some notion of negative traffic growth. Maybe whenever you add a job, you
take away a car. If you add a car on the road, you take away two. Think
about that especially for Stanford Research Park. Otherwise, keeping things
the way they are is not going to be good. We need to have—actually get
better. Otherwise, if you think about how that worsens our quality of life,
and certainly the quality of life is going to be different in an Single Family
Residential District (R-1) neighborhood than in a neighborhood that's more
urban, more Downtown. We need to think about what the quality of life is
on a per neighborhood basis, and not worsen it in either scenario. I think
that sustainability should not have its own element. I think that it should
have a description in narrative that as a cross-reference to sustainability
throughout. In some sense, it works better sprinkled throughout. I think
that in many ways we're constrained by Staff resources.                    The
subcommittees, the meeting times are constrained by the need for Staff to
meet (inaudible). The ability for us to have extra meetings, if we decide that
that makes sense, is constrained by Staff resources. That's an issue. In
                                                                            Page 79 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
