                          TRANSCRIPT
problem again. Greg, what I think you're saying is let's get our process
straight. Let's be sure we know what it takes to get to 70 percent or what it
takes regarding the facts that are going out and so forth. I think the lack of
clarity is really what we're sitting up here and discussing. That's a shame.
What I'm wondering is did you think in this about whether this should go to
Policy and Services or not or whether or not you felt Staff could do that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Did you want me to answer that?

Mayor Burt: Yes, because it lacks...

Council Member Kniss: It would help.

Mayor Burt: ...clarity on the direction that we're giving.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I saw it as an important enough issue that Staff
should go look at this in broad, general terms, make some suggestions. If
it's good enough, we could maybe vote on it that night. If not, we could
refer it to Policy and Services and make the decision then depending on
what Staff comes back with and how much level of detail. You're right.
Given the 26 pages of information you just gave me, it probably does need a
referral to Policy and Services, but I thought before we do that we could
probably have a broad discussion at Council.

Council Member Kniss: I'm willing to support this, but let's keep this in
abeyance because I've only looked at either Sunnyvale or Cupertino. I
imagine theirs is also—the alternate city is equally long. I'm fine with this.
I'll be more interested in our discussion on "B."

Mayor Burt: Let me wade in on one part of the "A" paragraph. It says
guidelines to incorporate Eichler compatibility. I think that's not clear as to
whether we're talking about design compatibility or design compatibility and
privacy, which is particularly strong on Eichlers. If we mean both, then I
would encourage us to—I would offer as an amendment to say "Eichler
design compatibility and privacy issues."

Council Member DuBois: That's acceptable.

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member Holman: They're both compatibility. You could just say
"design and privacy compatibility." They're both compatibility.

Mayor Burt: Same thing.


                                                                        Page 74 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
