                            TRANSCRIPT
we're already doing the review for that finding. The concern and the reason
why I believe this was incorporated into it is that the Council has seen some
projects that hasn't reflected perhaps their idea of what that context
compatibility—we weren't seeing the results that we were trying to see. By
putting this in the findings, we were hoping to sort of highlight and really
focus in on that context compatibility issue. We're doing it anyways. If you
want to include it in the findings, that's fine. It's just we'll be doing it twice.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's not necessary then? It doesn't add anything?

Mr. Lait: I believe there are Council Members who believe it's necessary. I
wouldn't want to say it's not necessary. It is one of dozens of criteria that
we're looking at in the course of our review. I don't think there's any harm
in highlighting it here. It is something that we'll be doing twice.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My confusion of all this came out as I'm understanding
the only reason you need us to determine what is the Downtown Business
District under the maps is because of 2(c). Is that correct?

Mr. Lait: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If it's redundant, I'm confused. You're doing it anyway.
Why do we need to understand and define where the Downtown Business
District is?   Wouldn't it be whatever we're doing in the compatibility
guidelines or is that what you're trying to say, make them the same that we
already do under the compatibility guidelines?

Mr. Lait: I believe that this process—I believe 2(c) adds some complexity to
the findings in that we are now defining the Business District and Cal. Ave.
Business District boundaries. We now need to include these maps in the
Zoning Code so that we have some understanding of what that definition
means. I would offer, understanding the criticisms that are associated with
this, the ARB in its review of projects is already looking at not only these two
compatibility standards but a whole host of other compatibility standards.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you look at these compatibility standards, you
look at them outside the California Avenue (Cal. Ave.) and Downtown. Are
these compatibility standards for the Cal. Ave. and Downtown?

Mr. Lait: It's not just in these two areas today. It's also on El Camino and
other areas as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

                                                                             Page 42 of 56
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/14/16
