                          TRANSCRIPT
are going to have self-driving cars, we will have a different system probably
within 5 to 10 years. We're also hearing this project wouldn't be done for
another probably three to four years, if ever. Cars changing the way they
operate. We may not all have a self-driving car, but we will easily have
access to Scoop and Lyft and a whole variety of other ways that are new to
us. Most of us didn't take Uber four years ago; there was no way. A couple
of other thoughts. I actually was on VTA when we sold this property. It was
initially five years ago, and then four years ago. I remember it very well. I
don't think it's ever been anything other than a parking lot, but I wanted to
ask if anyone else could remember that far back. Usually the only one that
can remember is Bob Moss.

Council Member Holman: There used to be a little eating place there.

Council Member Kniss: Pardon me?

Council Member Holman: There used to be a little eating place there long
ago, probably in the '80s.

Council Member Kniss: That I don't remember. Clearly this has been a
parking lot for a long period of time. I would have to say, to the person who
was interested in the parking there, I don't think that the owner, whomever
that might be, must keep a parking lot there. It's currently used pretty
casually and very often by the soccer players who are across the street. A
couple of thoughts. This is one of those "don't throw out the baby with the
bath water" yet, because I think this has some real promise but needs to be
far more affordable.       We are really talking about affordable in our
community. The Vice Mayor's comments regarding can you actually enforce
some kind of limitation on those who live in the building is really a good
question. That's one that I would want answered. As far as retail, there is
some retail across the street, but the retail across the street has parking.
I've often gone to that retail. On the far side of the street, there is Palo Alto
Square. Across the street is soccer. Next door to this on either side are
multi-unit dwellings, one being Sunrise, the other being, I think, some other
housing right next door to it. We've said several times housing should be on
this site. The question is what can we determine should be on the site and
what would come forward that would get five votes. That's really where we
are at this point. I'm delighted it's come forward. I'm still convinced there
should be housing there. I'm not sure exactly how we get to the yes point.
Those are my comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: When we saw a prescreening for this site last
year, as I think a couple of other people have mentioned, I was certainly one
                                                                         Page 40 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
