                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: I would have to go back and look at the funding source for the
CIP project, but I think we may have used some of the fees that were
collected through various developments around the Stanford campus. I'll
have to check on the exact funding sources. I think we did look at an
opportunity to use some of that funding.

Mayor Burt: A couple more technical questions. The queuing where we're
going—we'll call it westbound onto Galvez—I couldn't tell how much space is
really there for bike queuing, which can at different times have a lot of bikes
and hopefully it'll be a lot more with this. Do we have adequate queuing
space?

Mr. Mello: This is for Alternative 1, the protected intersection?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Mello: The design details of the protected intersection would have to be
refined as we move into final design. There's some guidance that was
released recently about how to design these, but it's a very new field of
practice in the United States.

Mayor Burt: This is still on, I guess, principally Alternative 1. As we look at
the area between High and Emerson, are those one-way or two-way tracks
there?

Mr. Mello: Alternative 1 are one-way tracks all the way from Emerson to El
Camino. Alternative 2 is a two-way cycle track.

Mayor Burt: I'm kind of curious on a hybrid here. If I’m going onto
Stanford, I have no problem going one way and staying on this—we'll call it
north side—and coming back on the south side. If I'm going to Town and
Country or if I'm—yeah, principally Town and Country, I come back on that.
I'm going to be going against a one-way. I guess if we've improved the
route on the south side and the ability to get over to Bryant, which right now
is pretty hairy, maybe that's some improvement. I don't know if we—is
there any potential for looking at a hybrid, where we have the one-way
everywhere from coming out from under the underpass, essentially the
Town and Country section. On the east side, it's a two-way like it is now but
an improved two-way.

Mr. Mello: We would take the first sheet for Alternative 1 and combine that
with the second sheet from Alternative 2 essentially.

Mayor Burt: I guess so. I hadn't because I couldn't tell from the sheets
clearly what that intention was. That becomes a real question for me. I
                                                                          Page 75 of 120
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/19/16
