                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: No, "A" and "C" in one bag ...

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) and leave "B" out?

Vice Mayor Scharff: ... and then leave "B" out, and we'd vote separately on
"B." Is that correct, Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes. Maybe it would be better to vote on "A" and "B" first, and
then come back to "C" later. We'll treat what was "A" and "B"—let's see.
We'll call it just the things excluding the interim period is what we will be
considering now, and then we will separately consider whether to have an
interim ordinance. We'll get it sorted out. While we're discussing this, we
can get it sorted out into two parts.

Council Member DuBois: Just to clarify. I had asked Council Member
Scharff if "C" applied to SSOs. He said no, it applies to both. A potential
new process.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What I actually said was they should bring options back
for both. I didn't actually say it should apply to both. There's a big
difference.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: We've deleted from the screen "B." Let's go ahead and—I'm
sorry.

Council Member Holman: Clarity—I'm sorry. Clarity on what's "C" up here.
It's direct Staff to return with options regarding the petition and voting
process. For what? I think it needs to be "for SSOs and overlays."

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part C, “for SSOs and
overlays.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: To speak to this Motion now precisely, looking at this
as the Eichler overlay and so forth. While I support it, I just looked up
Sunnyvale's or Cupertino's, and it is 26 pages long. It's a very complete
description of what can happen in an Eichler community. Both Cupertino
and Sunnyvale have this listed. However, they also have lots of pictures in
there, and some of those pictures are very attractive. I think the most
important part of this, though, is "C" because we don't want to run into this
                                                                      Page 73 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
