                         TRANSCRIPT
they've been developing for several years. We feel that the TMA will do a
strong effort in leveraging the knowledge of those other TDMs such as what
Stanford's doing up in SRP. It's the first steps in the continuum of many
actions that will have to happen to help alleviate the stress on our current
infrastructure. The TMA is modeling, leveraging and working with other TDM
programs to find a better way. The challenges we've heard from Mayor Burt
and Council Member Holman becomes larger when looking at service
workers and small retail employees. Effective solutions are harder to find,
but TMA is focusing their efforts. It's in their headlights. We feel confident
that they will come up with solutions for that segment. TMA is an ongoing
and consistent effort, and the Chamber believes that is what is needed at
this juncture. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Adina Levin to be followed by Richard Brand.

Adina Levin: Good evening members. Adina Levin with Friends of Caltrain.
Thanks to the City Council for the leadership in getting these programs
started. A few comments based on the discussion so far. First of all, there
was a lot of discussion about goals.          Where Transportation Demand
Management is successful, the goals are coming from the jurisdiction, the
goals from the City. Stanford can run programs; the TMA can run programs,
but the policy goals hopefully will be up to the City and driven by the City
policy. It was really interesting with the compare/contrast between Stanford
Research Park and the Downtown, as Mayor Burt mentioned. The Stanford
Research Park is starting with a higher driving rate. They're hampered by
free parking, but they have uniformity with a set of larger employers at the
size that in Mountain View get $50,000-$75,000 membership contributions.
By contrast, the Downtown has a much greater diversity of employers
including many smaller employees who have never had these programs
before. There's an asset; that's paid parking. As Council Member Filseth
noted, the paid parking is underpriced compared to the $300 per year
(inaudible) to replace it. That's an opportunity which I'll get to in the
funding agenda item later.        There are opportunities for collaboration
including bringing the VTA Express buses which were designed to come to
the Research Park, bringing them Downtown; working together with this and
other TMAs on a Caltrain Go Pass with the TMA as a bulk purchaser;
potentially working on a Lyft first-mile solution; and other potential
collaborations. Lastly, in terms of wanting the TMA to get up and running
fast, they are longer term funding sources suitable for a Downtown that I'll
talk about in the last agenda item. It would help to have budget scenarios
start small, start big, how much can be achieved by starting fast. Thank
you.



                                                                        Page 68 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
