                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I appreciate that, but it does mean that as we look
at the other alternatives we have where we have more control over them,
we are more likely to achieve quantitative goals that we set.

Mayor Burt: That may or may not be the case. That's separate from this
discussion.

Mr. Keene: I wanted to say this is just in response to the Mayor's question
earlier. We have five or six other items in the trip reduction and other areas
that will be coming to the Council separate from the TMA.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: As brief as possible. I certainly concur with some of
the comments that have been made. I think the Vice Mayor said yes, there
probably should be larger contributions from the big employers, and I would
agree with that. I don't want us to again, which we're always tempted to
do, throw out the imperfect because we are looking for the perfect. I did not
expect perfection tonight. I'm delighted, at least, that you are here.
Something is underway; we have a start. I think this is probably going to be
at least for the first 2 or 3 years very dependent on us, very dependent on
the City. As Jim has put it very well, this is very much something that has
been promoted by us, and we think will make a big difference for our
residents in the Downtown. That's really what we're looking for, to take the
burden off the Downtown residents. One quick question. Let me say one
more thing. I think Ms. Jarvis, who talked earlier, said it very well. It's kind
of like exercise. It's not fun when you first start it. You don't really want to
carpool. You don't really want to take the train. You don't really want that
inconvenience of not having your car at your fingertips. I think that's where
we're going with this. Can we get you out of your car for any time at all?
Would you do it a day a week? Would you do it a couple of days a week? I
think it's what Tom spoke of earlier. What's the carrot in this? I think
you've just got to get them there first. None of us really likes getting up
early in the morning and exercising, and none of us really will like giving up
our ...

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: I like the results. I think we're moving in a direction
we haven't gone before. This isn't something we're used to doing. You've
heard a number of critiques tonight. I hope you will persist. Thank you so
much, Philz Coffee, for being here because you did do a really good
presentation. I even like your coffee. I'm glad we're this far. I hope we
persist, and I hope as a City we continue at least to the first two or three
years to make this a good public-private partnership.
                                                                          Page 58 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
