                          TRANSCRIPT
recognizing that both business and residents have funded the creation of the
City infrastructure.   We believe that there is capacity to allow some
employee parking without unduly burdening the residential parking. Thank
you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Neilson Buchanan.
Nelson has six other people attached, so he will be given seven minutes.

Neilson Buchanan, speaking for six persons: Thank you, Council. I am one
of the people in the neighborhoods who has worked very, very hard on this
problem and tried to dissect it and be analytical about it and be sensible at
the same time. There's not a street on that map that I have not driven
seven or eight times during the middle of the day. There's not a single
street that volunteers and I haven't done at midnight. I know the parking
patterns like the hairs on the back of my hand, and I know pretty much the
way they're going to be in the next year depending on how you formulate
the next solution. Let me try to dissect that, particularly for the people in
the audience who don't know all the background. This is a problem; it's
been building for 10 years. In about 2011, there was going to be an
experiment in Professorville. It fell apart, blew apart by the Council. It
probably wasn't a really good idea anyway. During this interim, everyone's
been trying to put their oar in the water to come to this point today.
Anybody in the business community who said they didn't know what was
going on, they had to be sound asleep at the switch. The Permit Parking
Program and the stakeholder group has been open to the public. Yes, we've
met for hours. If the business community was too busy to come, that's their
problem. Let me go back to this. The Council and Staff have embraced
their stewardship to embrace the quality of the neighborhoods. I remind
you that the Comp Plan very clearly says the City's role is to promote
commerce but not at the expense of the residential neighborhoods. That's
clear English in the Comp Plan. That stewardship has been violated over and
over and over again. I'll explain more later. About five years ago, the
Council recognized that there was a problem with the commercial parking
intrusion into the neighborhoods. This was such a sensitive subject we
couldn't even phrase it as intrusion into the neighborhoods. That was sort of
politically incorrect, but it was absolutely the truth. We are now at the point
that neighborhoods are going to have to be defined about how much parking
they're going to take. I couldn't be in more agreement with the Crescent
Park attitude that they're not a commercial parking lot, they have no
obligation, and they should be just like College Terrace.             My little
neighborhood, Downtown North, probably has an obligation to provide X
amount of parking. We just need to figure out what X amount is and
distribute that parking so that it doesn't fall unequally to myself and my
neighbors. That's a detail that can be worked out pretty quickly, quite
                                                                         Page 33 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
