                         TRANSCRIPT
starting with the Staff recommendation does make sense. I actually had a
question about the Staff recommendation I forgot to ask earlier. I'll give the
Director just a moment to make sure we're literally on the same page.
Attachment 10A, Table 2, the second line, eliminate housing sites on San
Antonio and South El Camino. That is checked for Scenarios 3, 4 and 5, but
is not checked for Number 6. Two pages later in the paragraph summarizing
Scenario 6, it says Scenario 6 would eliminate housing sites along San
Antonio and South El Camino. There's a contradiction there. I just wanted
to check which direction is the Staff recommendation before we get to
motions.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for catching that. The table is correct and the text
is not. In Scenario 6, we pumped up the housing numbers so high, I think
we need to keep the sites and increase densities elsewhere and at the new
sites.

Council Member Wolbach:       To clarify, Scenario 6 would not eliminate
housing sites along San Antonio and South El Camino.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd asked a question earlier about whether we're
allowed to tweak the numbers on jobs and housing. I heard from Staff that
we could. The Mayor weighed in that we should not. Staff said they hoped
we would not. A couple of members of the public suggested that we should.
We did have an extensive conversation about that last time around. As a
comment, I am still disappointed that we are not exploring as a matter of
study housing units to equal our job growth. Even Scenario 6, the most pro-
housing one, even though it aims to reduce our jobs/housing imbalance
below what it is currently, it still would add more new jobs than new
housing. I still find that frustrating. Given the discussion we've been having
and the public's been having, I'm not going to make a Motion about that
again because we've done it before.

Mayor Burt: I just want to make sure you know that 5 does not do that,
well, nominally. It has 33 jobs more than population (crosstalk) housing.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm actually looking at housing units. The key
question isn't population. The question is housing units given that's what
we're looking at here. I think that would be comparing apples to oranges,
because 5 looks at 3,500 units of housing, 6 looks at 6,000 units of housing.
Both of them look at almost 9,000 new jobs. I am still frustrated by that. If
anyone else wants to explore changing those numbers so that Option 6
would have housing to balance the jobs, I'd be open to seconding that. I
understand the reluctance to do so.
                                                                        Page 56 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
