                          TRANSCRIPT
scenario in just this. You're actually going to mix and match. Staff told us
that back in 2014, when we scoped this out. We had a long meeting, if you
recall. We scoped it out, and we said we would mix and match eventually,
but we wanted to study all alternatives so we had the—frankly, the next
Council had the broadest array of options. At least that was the goal. It did
seem that we should have probably had a fifth scenario in here in terms of
the jobs/housing imbalance. I agree that's possible, but there may be more.
I think it's great that we're going to look at that, but I don't want to delay
the process.

Mr. Dennis: Vice Mayor Scharff, I think you're hitting the nail on the head
from this perspective. Sitting back here—I think I can speak for Hillary—I
think we're pretty delighted that this is the kind of conversation that's going
on. This is exactly what we'd hoped would occur related to seeing some of
these numbers for the first time and getting the Council to think about if you
make these suite of decisions and that lever gets pulled, this is the result so
we're going to think now differently about the various land use decisions that
we can make to further pull that lever, if you will. I'm excited to hear this,
because this is exactly what we'd hoped would occur. We'd hoped that this
discussion would drive that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I had to say to this Motion. I did want to
make some comments before he made a Motion. We were all making some
comments on it. Should I make those now or should I wait until we finish
the Motion?

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and wrap up the Motion, and then we can do
rapid fire final comments. Let me just clear this and see if anybody wants to
speak to the Motion only. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I've three or     four questions here. The first is why
do we need this Motion. What is in        this Motion that Staff wouldn't do,
couldn't do without the Motion? I'll be   honest. I think that tonight frankly
should have been a Study Session. I        don't think we need this Motion to
move forward, but maybe I'm wrong.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, this Motion is for a scenario that is
outside of the four that are otherwise going to be considered.

Council Member Wolbach: I understand. The problem ...

Mayor Burt: Then I don't get why your question isn't answered by that.

Council Member Wolbach: I think we still have the opportunity to discuss
Fifth, Sixth, Seventh Scenarios without this Motion. We already have that
                                                                            Page 101 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
