                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I just want to first share that I think the information that we
get here is extremely valuable, and that the changes that we've made to
these surveys have made them even more informative. Having said that, I
still struggle, both this year and prior years, with the need to distinguish
between kind of opinions and perceptions versus actual facts. We have a
mixture of the two, and both are of importance. The perceptions matter, but
the perceptions are not the same things as facts. Even amongst the facts,
we have some of this reporting without certain meaningful context. A couple
of examples that I think are the case. Fire staffing, we had this change in
fire staffing, but we didn't talk about the closure of a station. It's not
staffing per station or staffing per citizen; it was elimination of the station ...

Mr. Keene: The station up in the ...

Mayor Burt: SLAC. We see this huge jump in perception of childcare. In a
different setting, I'd like to know whether we have the ability to understand
what's actually happening or not happening there through our Community
Services Department or perhaps through partnering with Palo Alto
Community Child Care, not just on their services but their understanding of
the overall services. I saw classes in Community Services. I wasn't sure
whether that reduction included shifting what were summer school classes
back to the School District.         These are really important contextual
interpretations of the data. I am really interested and somewhat concerned
over the apparent significant drop in volunteer hours. I think that's an
important part of both leveraging resources and building community. People
are more committed when they volunteer. Just on this final issue on the
housing. I'm really interested in additional data there on how much increase
in housing we've had over different periods compared to how much increase
in jobs. I don't think we've had a decline in housing. We've had an increase
in jobs. Just a context or a comparison that may help people understand it.
When we look every year in our hotel revenue, transient occupancy tax, we
have two really important metrics, maybe three. We have how many rooms
we have, and then we have the occupancy rate, and then we have the
average daily rate. In a downturn, when occupancy goes down, the average
daily rate really drastically goes down. That's equivalent to how much we're
paying for housing. At a certain point in time, we hit essentially full
occupancy for the critical business days, and the average daily rate goes
through the roof. It's not because we shrunk our number of hotel rooms in
that period. It's because the demand went up and the supply increase didn't
keep up with demand. I think that's a way that we can see a model that
actually applies to what's going on in the housing and help inform our
discussion later. We're now ten minutes behind. We had a ten-minute
break scheduled. If we can try to do it in a quick five minutes, we'll pick up
back on schedule.
                                                                             Page 20 of 86
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 01/30/16
