                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Giannini: I'm actually not comfortable answering that. I believe there
probably are ways to add noise abatement to equipment, but I'd want to talk
with our mechanical engineer to really get a solid answer on that. We would
certainly be willing to do everything we can to insulate better and pick units
that are quieter and study that. We would be very interested in studying
that process.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: An Amendment might be for the applicant to work
with Staff to explore ways to further minimize noise impact. My last
potential amendment is—I actually asked this question, didn't get answer to
it. I didn't find, when I read through the Record of Land Use Action,
reference to the mitigations that are in the DEIR and FEIR. They're included
as Attachment I, as draft. Attachment H is statement of findings. I don't
see anything that holds the applicant to the mitigations that are identified.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION2 WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct applicant to work with Staff
to further consider ways to reduce noise impact.” (new Part E)

Ms. Gerhardt: That was an oversight by Staff. As we stated in our
presentation, the Record of Land Use will be updated to include such a
measure so that the Mitigation Monitoring Report is a condition of approval.

Council Member Holman: Mitigations and Mitigation Monitor?

Ms. Gerhardt: Absolutely.

Council Member Holman:      Do you want to add that to the motion, Vice
Mayor Scharff?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Staff's going to do this anyway. No reason not to add it
in. Just go ahead and add it in.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION2 WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add the Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) mitigations and mitigation monitoring requirements to the
Record of Land Use Action.” (new Part F)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, you want to work with the Clerk to
make sure that reflects ...

Council Member Holman: Yeah. My last comment ...

Mayor Burt: I see they got it.
                                                                        Page 87 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
