                          TRANSCRIPT
there is the Keys School, there's the Winter Lodge and then there's
apartments. Children at Keys School live around Sutter and Clara and all
around there.     If they need to get home, the alternative to crossing
Middlefield, which is a risky road to cross, is to walk across Colorado, which
has many busy, commercial driveways such as Safeway, the Chase Bank
and apartments. Just walking on the sidewalk can be very dangerous. It
would be a good idea to put a crosswalk there so kids, adults, anyone won't
get hurt walking across, trying to just get home or something. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Evelyn Guernsey, to be
followed by our final speaker, Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Evelyn Guernsey: I'd like to thank Juliana for making that suggestion,
because I do live in that area, and that is a horrible crossing. Since the City
has brought up the Matadero Creek Trail, you seem to be hung up on this
$1.5 million and how to spend it. It is not a good idea. It is not feasible.
We tell our kids just say no. I'm asking you, just say no. I live on Clara. I
back up against the creek. I'm concerned about all the things that have
been brought up, the security, the safety, the privacy. If a kid, heaven
forbid, falls in the creek, there is no way out of that creek. There are no
ladders; there are no steps; it is a cement wall that goes straight up and
down. Does the money that you guys are budgeting in the Planning
Committee account for fencing so they can't go in the creek? The walls are
not that tall; someone can fall in. I'm concerned about the privacy of our
property, the tagging, the graffiti, the partying that goes on, the homeless
people that are going to live back there. We've been told by the Planning
Committee that that's not an issue in other places. It does come up; it is
issues periodically. This is a locked area currently. You're now suggesting
it's unlocked and open to the public. The midblock crossings, it's a zigzag.
No commuter is going to want to bike this and have to stop every block to
cross when there's alternatives that have lights and stop signs with traffic,
especially the Louis. There's a stop sign at Seale Park. I think someone
brought up it's probably 250 yards before you hit the creek. They're going
to have to stop again. Motorists blow through that Seale Park stop sign
every day a lot. Do you think they're going to stop at the creek after
blowing that stop sign? Probably not. Again, safety issues. I just ask you
to say no, because this has been a bad idea from day one. From my
viewpoint, the only people that want this are people that don't live on the
creek. The people that live on the creek are very opposed. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Final speaker is Rita Vrhel.



                                                                        Page 40 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
