                          TRANSCRIPT
going on for about a year and a half now. Nothing has changed. If the City
is looking for a pilot project, how about enforcing all the promises that have
already been made to the public and not kept? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council. Because this is a
Study Session, we won't be having any votes. The Staff and the applicant
will be hearing general comments from members of the Council and attempt
to get a sense of our inclinations on that basis. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Thanks very much to the
applicant for the cogent presentation and for all the speakers who came
here. I have comments about basically four things. I want to talk about the
60 micro units and then the PF free zoning and also the density up-zoning.
Then, I want to suggest a line of thinking about how the City—I think deed
restriction is going to be a big part of that. On the 60 micro units, I think
adding 60 small units to the City's housing stock seems generally
reasonable. Palo Alto's long-term housing growth is 0.6, 0.7 percent over
the last several decades, which amounts to a couple hundred units a year. I
think that would fit into this reasonably well. Also, a number of people have
pointed out that if you look at the proportion of small units in Palo Alto, it's
smaller than the proportion of small households in Palo Alto. Adding some
more small units generally seems reasonable too. Let's see. On the
location, definitely mixed feelings about that. I think a positive is it's near
jobs in Palo Alto, specifically the Research Park, which I think is great. I
think that makes a lot more sense than trying to put everything next to the
train station, where you'll get people that commute out of town. A negative
is that this is one of the most traffic congested areas in town. It's clearly
still going to add cars; otherwise, it wouldn't need any parking at all.
Somewhat mixed feelings on the location, but generally not an unreasonable
thing to think about. The parking issue is a huge issue, and I hope other
people will talk about that too. On the project itself, I think there are two
different aspects. One is the PF rezone, and the other is the density. PF is a
very special and unusual case. The zone Public Facility means it's dedicated
to uses of benefit to the community. Everything we want takes land. How
much time and discussion has this Council and Staff spent since the current
Council on where are we going to look for space for Public Safety Buildings
and parks and other public amenities and so forth. We just took up the
animal shelter last week. Most people think we're going to need a new
animal shelter at some point or other. Where it would go is still a huge
asterisk. On a PF piece of land is a reasonable thing to look at. I think it'd
be a good place for it. Yet, even as we all are aware of the stringency of
real estate in town, I think we actually may still continue to underestimate
the long-term value of land here even now. I think we should be very, very
cautious about rezoning PF land. It's a one-way thing. You never get it
                                                                         Page 29 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
