                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Figone: In all fairness to all of you, the survey hit—I'm even more
concerned about the one that gets your input, that starts our process. This
one hit at a really bad time for you because of the election and there was
just a lot going on. I think it's a …

Council Member Holman: It's important.

Ms. Figone: It's very important.

Council Member Holman: If Beth's made aware, we'll either pay attention or
it's our fault that we really didn't. I'm not saying it's your fault that we
didn't. You know what I'm saying. Just make it more visible.

Ms. Figone: Let's help you be successful is what I'm hearing.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If not, we're going to need to get the process audited.

Ms. Figone: I guess just the last thing is now this is the second year that
we've had a debrief with the Committee. Do you think it's valuable to have
the debrief conversation?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do.

Council Member Holman: Absolutely.

Ms. Figone: We'll schedule that next year again. Thank you. Thanks for the
opportunity to serve you.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you for your good work. You've done excellent.
I can't emphasize that enough, how much we've—at least I've enjoyed
working with you. You've done a great job.

Council Member Holman: I so much appreciate you're very professional.
Like I said, you're not biased towards one outcome or another. That's much
appreciated. All the support work that you do for this process is also really
critical. Thank you for that and the confidence you've built toward that.

Ms. Figone: I guess we're done.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Meeting adjourned.

NO ACTION TAKEN

ADJOURNMENT: Meeting adjourned at 4:09 P.M.

                                                                                   Page 20 of 20
                                           Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                             Transcript 11/16/16
