                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I recollect, those items in the third bucket, we
shouldn't be moving forward on. We're supposed to be doing a pilot. We're
moving forward on the pilot. I think the confusion is that it should have
been green, because you're doing what you're supposed to do. You're not
slowing up what you're not supposed to do. You shouldn't be out doing the
third bucket of items right now. That would be against Council policy. I
think we're moving forward in exactly the right way, because that's what we
voted to do.

Mayor Burt: I think that's a fair point. We need to make sure that in this
prioritization process we don't slip between—if the Council has taken an
action that we try to use this as a way to revisit what was actually a majority
action by the Council. I'm not sure that it's appropriate to have this
dewatering in the parking lot. Council gave direction; it sounds that the
things that we asked to be done are on schedule. The things that we said
were on hold are on hold.

Mr. Sartor: I would be fine with showing this green. We actually showed it
yellow because the pilot is a pilot. We're still evaluating how successful
those actions are. You're correct in saying that we have implemented the
restrictions that you directed us to do.

Ms. Stump: I'd just like to add and recall to the Council's mind that the pilot
really does require some additional Staff work if it's going to be sustained
over time. We have talked about the need to establish an actual formal
program to require some of these things through an ordinance. That will
take quite a bit of Staff outreach and work.

Mayor Burt: Other Public Works items? You're in luck.

Mr. Keene: Before we leave Public Works, could I ...

Mayor Burt: You're out of luck.

Mr. Keene: No, no, Public Works is good. I did want to just clarify that we
have the S/CAP under the City Manager's Office. I don't know if there's
anything on that before we go into Planning. That's the only item that Gil
would have here.

Mayor Burt: I would welcome that. I think that's such a far-reaching item.
I think it'd be useful to have an update on the timing and how we might
proceed on that. That's which number again?


                                                                        Page 58 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
