                         TRANSCRIPT
safety education curriculum and materials. The previous year, the City
initiated an unprecedented walk and roll mapping community outreach
process that resulted in completion of suggested routes to school maps and
recommendations maps for school routes to every school site. Important
collaborative relationships with transit agencies and local businesses and
PAUSD officials were invigorated last year. Great groundwork had been laid
for future work. We can't afford to lose that momentum, but we're losing
some Staff members. We need to pay some attention to what's going on in
our planning group. I'm going to get to that another day, because I want to
focus on our Priorities.     Our current Comprehensive Plan presents a
transportation vision that will provide accessible, attractive, economically
viable and environmentally sound transportation options that meet the
needs of residents, employers, employees, visitors for safe, convenient and
efficient travel by a variety of methods. This vision would create a safe
place on the street for all road users, motorists, bicyclists, pedestrians,
transit users. We have spent a lot of time developing the new Bike Plan,
and that was needed because it was work that had been neglected for many
years. With the Comprehensive Plan Transportation Element, it will be
important to address how the Bike Plan fits into the larger multimodal puzzle
and to communicate how the City's comprehensive multimodal approach to
planning benefits all road users. The blessings of an improved economy are
many, but its curse, as we heard from our City Manager earlier, is traffic,
lots of it. Traffic and congestion have increased throughout the Bay Area
including Palo Alto. It is no small matter that we have been able to take
thousands of motor vehicle trips off City streets each day by creating street
environments that invite people to use other modes of transportation. It is
important to communicate that information.          It is also important to
communicate elements of plans that are specifically designed to serve other
modes. For instance, the Churchill bike boulevard plan incorporates a
dedicated right-turn lane that is designed specifically to improve conditions
for motorists, but this benefit for motorists was never mentioned in public
discussion of the project which was characterized as a bike project. Moving
forward, I hope Council will prioritize a commitment to implementing the
vision for a multimodal mobility management which includes Safe Routes to
School and projects outlined in the City's new Bike and Pedestrian
Transportation Plan as well as Citywide TDM, parking, transit signalization
and road improvement projects.          Please make multimodal mobility
management including Safe Routes to School—that's an important part of
it—a City Priority. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Diane Morin.

Diane Morin: Hello. I'm Diane Morin. I am a long-term resident of this
community. I think that my hope for the Priorities for the City of Palo Alto
                                                                        Page 26 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/30/16
