                          TRANSCRIPT
Council, but all the members of the community. This is a deeply held value
for her. We could all see this throughout the course of the year. We really
value it and respect it. Finally, I'd like to say that the strong leadership that
she showed this year, I think, is something that is valued by the Council and
portends to future leadership roles on the Council. I look forward to that as
well. On that note, Former Mayor Holman, would you like to speak to your
Resolution?

Council Member Holman: Thank you all very much. Thank you to the
members of the community who came and additionally who spoke. First,
congratulations to the new Mayor and Vice Mayor. Congratulations. I hope
one of the things that has happened this year is we've created a collegial
environment. That collegiality, I think, extends to Staff too. It's been an
amazing year this year working with Staff. I thought about listing off some
people on Staff who are not frontline people, but who just pitch in. I mean,
you could hardly say more. It's just they pitch in. They generate product,
and the effort to good end. I thought about doing that, but in spite of
myself I would forget somebody. Somebody would feel left out, and that
certainly was not my intention. There are some of you I can see now and
look at; just know that I thank you from the bottom of my heart. You've
been just great support this year and great inspiration. I really appreciate
that. To Catherine Martineau, I want to know if a hat comes with the job.
It'd be my honor to wear a badge of Canopy. It's been a really busy year. I
told Jim earlier today that when I did the State of the City—Claudia Keith
knows this as well—I was trying to find out if we would have any problem in
using the roadrunner cartoon, because it's kind of what this year I knew was
going to be like. It's kind of what it has been like. Those of you over a
certain age certainly will know what I'm talking about. It's the roadrunner
just zipping across the screen. That kind of a lot what this year has been
about. I'm hoping that we have a number of things in place at this point in
time that will help us to focus more even on the Comprehensive Plan and
accomplishing the completion of that. We've gotten some things in place
like putting an office cap in place. We've got retail protections in place
Citywide. We have a PC moratorium. We've taken some things off the table
that could cause distractions for this next year. Not to say other things
won't come up. We have a number of other things that we want to
accomplish. Those things, I think, will help us have a stable place to start
from, so we're not chasing a moving target. I think having those in place
and accomplished, I appreciate Staff and colleagues working with the whole
Council and community on that. That said, we have accomplished a lot and
the environment is one of the primary things that we almost always focus
on. Yet, even with our focus on the environment and our continued
initiatives there, we can't create blue skies for everyone. We've not been
able to do that. We still have a homeless population that needs to be
                                                                          Page 17 of 23
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/4/16
