                          TRANSCRIPT
until I would guess at some point that there will be no more permits issued
in those areas. Am I correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member Kniss: This is a very hard motion to support. I live very
close to this neighborhood. Most of you probably know I am just barely
outside of the range. I am here by virtue of about 150 feet. It's kind of an
unusual situation. I couldn't move fast enough to not have to make the
decision, so here I am. I am the only one, I think, other than you, Eric, who
lives north of Embarcadero. Everyone else lives to the South. Eric is only
here by virtue of drawing either the short straw or the long straw, depending
on how he looks at it. I urge you all to have some patience with this. Some
of this is going to be uncomfortable. I know some of you feel really troubled
by this decision that we're making. I urge at least stay with us for six
months or so. Let me not say totally flippantly, but there will be a new
Council sitting here next year. When this evaporates, you will get back and
be speaking to nine new people or maybe some of the old people. You don't
know what will happen, but there will be a different configuration at the time
that this permit runs out. With that, I will be supporting the motion.
Mr. Chair, thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Let me ask a couple of questions. We
have a six month check-in. I guess given the fact there are new elements
being introduced and some dramatic changes going on, I would be in favor
of a four month check-in. Is that possible?

Council Member Kniss: For data only?

Council Member Schmid: For data and what are the issues. You pointed out
that a number of people, once they're involved, find issues and an
opportunity to raise those issues.

Ms. Sullivan: Can I respond to that Council Member Schmid?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

Ms. Sullivan: I think Staff is supportive of your desire to want to do a quick
check-in. Having experienced the Phase One roll out, we know that these—
hopefully we're going to plan this without a hitch. There are significant
changes being made. It takes a month or two just to sort of find our
bearings with selling these permits and zones. I'm a little concerned that
four months only gives us really three months from April 1, because we've
got to have a Staff Report done in advance of the four months. I would

                                                                        Page 52 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
