                          TRANSCRIPT
again after reaching nearly the two-thirds level after those positive
arguments. At the end of the poll it goes down to 61 percent. Again, I
would note in that first category, we only have 22 percent who say they
would definitely vote yes. While we've got more than 3 in 5 in favor, the
proportion who are confident in that vote is relatively modest. We included
a number of other questions that were designed to help understand the way
that potential structural elements of a transportation tax might impact
voters' level of support. We offered the respondents a description of each of
these features and then asked them to tell us whether each one would make
them more likely or less likely to be supportive. They're ranked here by the
net difference between those two responses, which you'll see running down
the right-hand side. The notion, as with any special tax, that the money
could only be used for the purposes specified, in this case transportation
improvements, was a significant positive for voters. The notion of there
being a tax premium charged for particularly dense employers and a
discounted rate for mid-size businesses with 11-50 employees, all received
slightly net positive ratings; although, large numbers of voters were
ambivalent. They were divided about a tax rate that would be $100 per
employee per year for each employee over 50. Here you'll see again the
reactions of each of the different subgroups of voters, the base yes voters,
the base no voters and the swing voters, in terms of the proportion that saw
each of these policy elements as making them more likely to be supportive.
We also asked about potential exemptions. Each of these exemptions was
on the whole a net positive, in particular exemptions for small nonprofits and
for the first 10 employees in each business. Voters were evenly divided on
whether an exemption for retail and restaurants would be a good thing or a
bad thing. Again, roughly the same profile here among the swing voters in
terms of the degree of their positive reactions. Finally we also asked about
a range of specific ways that money from the measure might be put to use
to improve transportation in the City of Palo Alto. We asked the respondents
to rate each of these as either an extremely important, very important
somewhat or not too important use of the money. They're ranked by the
proportion that rate them as either extremely or very important. I would
note when we're looking at these spending purposes, we're typically trying
to find items that a number of voters in excess of the required threshold for
approval rate is very important. In other words, things that enough people
see as urgent investments of money, that would it correlate with a yes vote,
that would allow the measure to pass. Only two meet that threshold. In
fact, there are only two that even one-quarter of voters rate as extremely
important in sources of investment here, and those have to do with
transportation safety. Safe Routes to School for students and safe routes for
bicyclists and pedestrians. As you look down the list, you'll see the intensity
of the priority attached to these items drops off. I would note that there's
very few of these that local residents are dismissing out of hand and are
                                                                       Page 109 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
