                         TRANSCRIPT
they don't have to spend their first 6 months going out and raising their
salary.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you could just address where that stable funding is
going to come from and how that's going to work.

Ms. Silvani: I think we were hoping that we would be coming to the City in
another month or so with a much more specific budget based on having
specific programs and costs in place to help us.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:         I'd just like to reiterate what some of my
Colleagues have said. I start from the basis that we'd spent a couple of
years now on the Downtown RPP and, as a Council, have made a
commitment that it work. The commitment is quantitative in nature. The
TMA is a critical part of achieving those goals.          The Council has a
quantitative interest in this. I think questions have been raised about the
Board, that it does seem to be set up as an independent, self-perpetuating
Board that can make decisions, change Bylaws, make all kinds of executive
decisions with no active participation by the City other than as one of the
employers. That's an issue of how does that Board interact, not just give
information to the City but actually interact over quantitative goals with the
City. That's issue number two for me is how does that Board set and
monitor goals. As I understand, right now the data is coming from surveys.
You want to have an annual survey.           The survey is given to onsite
employees for distribution, selected by the Board. When I think of a survey,
you immediately look at good, quality surveys. It's based on things like
objectivity, randomness, scientific weighting. That doesn't quite fit. There's
a little edginess to the survey.

Ms. Silvani: Let me respond. EMC Research Company actually spent a good
deal of time compiling databases from various sources including the City and
the Business Registry. They, not the TMA Board, reached out to a broad
spectrum of employers. They did a combination of email, phone and mail to
get the survey sample. The TMA Board had nothing to do with that. We did
not self-select.

Council Member Schmid: The EMC methodology said sampled work sites
were contacted to recruit onsite survey coordinators who distributed the
surveys to employees at their respective work site. The question is, is that
objective, is that random, does it meet the qualifications for a high quality
survey. That's an issue that I would raise.
                                                                        Page 55 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
