                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Wait a minute. Are you proposing an amendment?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What's the amendment?

Mayor Burt: It's as written here.

Council Member Holman: More thoughtful legislation should address the
potential loss of housing units.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I can't accept that, because I don't see how this would
actually cause loss of housing units.

Council Member Holman:      We've just talked about how displacement of
persons, for instance ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to accept the amendment.

Council Member Holman:       Is there a separate second?       Cory, are you
seconding that?

Council Member Wolbach: I was actually going to suggest slightly different
language that might be amenable to the maker and seconder. Yeah, go
ahead.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “more thoughtful legislation should address
the potential loss of housing units.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: I don't know if this is the same intent as yours and it may not
capture all of Council Member Holman's concerns, but I would add that "a
new development should provide preferences for displaced residents from
the former development."

Ms. Gitelman: Mr. Mayor, if I could interject.        You've had a fantastic
discussion about a lot of different issues here. I think we have the sense of
the Council's direction. This is a letter that would come to the Mayor for
signature. If I could suggest that if everyone has put their ideas on the
table, we'll take a stab at it. The Mayor can review to see whether we've
captured the discussion here this evening, rather than wordsmithing the
whole thing.



                                                                          Page 48 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
