  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

see when we look at our transportation is to have services that make them
within a walkable and rideable and convenient access to the community.

And we’ve also gone through real challenges on a whole spurt of growth and
frankly I think for many of us in the community the buildings that have been
getting built have not been the sort of buildings nor the impacts or low
impacts that we need as a community. We need to have buildings that
relate to the street and are warm and engaging that have enough retail in
them that have the right balance of what is built in them. We have been
working toward less office and moving toward how do we get more
residential housing built with our great housing crisis that’s going on here
and in the region? And we also want buildings that have very low impacts
on trips and we’re moving in that direction.

We adopted a cap, an annual limit on the amount of office growth that we
will allow to 50,000 square feet (sf) in our three main kind of commercial
areas: the two downtowns and along the El Camino corridor. But it’s not
just a limit so that when we have a boom year instead of 50,000 sf we have
up to 200,000 sf built in a given year, but it’s actually going to be a contest
among the projects that wish to be built which meets a basically a
competition. And that competition is about who has the least impact on trip
generation and parking spillover. Which building is the most architecturally
outstanding? Not just adequate, but outstanding architecturally. Which is
the most sustainable building and which might have other community
benefits related to what they are doing? So this is going to be a really
interesting thing to monitor and how successful this can be to not merely
have us have some control on the rate of growth, but more important in my
mind the quality of that growth.

So as many of us think today we remember when Bill Clinton said “It’s the
economy, stupid.” Well, today we may have a different statement here.
And we have in many of our intersections through a lot of the day really
unmanageable overwhelming traffic. This is both a really big problem and
one that the solution is not going to be simple. But hand in hand with every
one of those cars that drives they end up parking somewhere. And the
parking problems that we’ve had are really problems that are driven by the
number of cars coming in and the percentage of Single Occupancy Vehicles
(SOV). So several years ago now two years ago the Council adopted a goal
of reducing car trips downtown among SOV by 30 percent. And that may
sound challenging, but we’ve seen that there are other areas, other
communities that have real Transportation Management Agencies (TMA) that
we have now adopted and what are called Transportation Demand
                                                                            Page 7 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
