                         TRANSCRIPT
that we had struggled to maintain in our region. I really fear that we're
going to continue to hollow out any semblance of a normal balance to our
region if we don't have different and more active measures to change that.
I don't think the primary measure is to focus principally on market-rate units
and continue to build office at the rate that we've building it, and drive the
demand more and more, while we then chase our tails with trying to keep up
with market-rate units for those new workers that have come to our region
at the expense of people how have lived here and provide vital functions and
are being driven out every month. I won't be supporting the amendment.
Let's go ahead and vote. That fails 6-2 with Council Members Wolbach and
Scharff …

AMENDMENT FAILED: 2-6 Scharff, Wolbach yes

Council Member Wolbach: I'll offer only one more very quickly. I'll offer a
friendly amendment for market-rate, single-family attached and market-rate
condo to retain the 7.5 to 10 percent of sales price. I'm offering that
because I do not want to go backwards. As I said before, at the risk of
repeating myself again, I think we need to remember the problematic nature
of going to the full feasible amount. Rather than go to the full feasible
amount, which I'm opposed to for reasons that we should all understand,
and not wanting to go backwards, I'd move again that with market-rate
single-family attached and market-rate condo we retain the current 7.5 to
10 percent of sales price.

Council Member Kniss: I'll second that.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to add to the Motion, “retain the fee for market rate single
family attached and market rate single family detached.”

Mayor Burt: Did you need to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I'll just say that the comments that were made
opposing the previous Motion, I agreed with them. It brought me no
pleasure. Hopefully this is something we could agree on.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Kniss—Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Hillary, we are doing that calculation correctly, right?
What Council Member Wolbach is saying is let's go back to the 7.5 to 10
percent in order to make sure we're maximizing what we get from this
particular single-family—the ones we've just been discussing.



                                                                        Page 77 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
