                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Returning to the Council, we have kind of several
categories of discussion. One that I didn't layout earlier that Staff has in
their Recommendation A is the issue around replacement of housing
inventory sites on San Antonio Road and South El Camino Real with either
increased densities in the Downtown and the California area or other new
housing sites. We have essentially that issue. We have issues of our
feedback on some of the alternatives that Staff has laid out in the Staff
Report. We're not limited to those. That's a pretty comprehensive set of
alternatives. Within those alternatives, we have the discussion of which of
them, if any, we would like to have Staff return with feasibility of pursuing
sooner than the Comprehensive Plan adoption. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me strike out on San Antonio Road. I don't
mean striking it out; I mean just going forward on it. I lived on Fern
Avenue, which is one block from San Antonio Road, for quite a length of
time. I don't recall a lack of services whatsoever. When we're talking about
San Antonio Road, I think we're also talking about the same road where the
Greenhouse is located. Am I correct? With how many people in the
Greenhouse? It must be 300, right? Somewhere in that. A whole string
runs along there. As you go around the corner, just beyond the gas station,
it starts up once again with residences. You could walk to Cubberley or to
Piazza's market from there, I would guess, in seven or eight minutes. You
would have to obviously cross San Antonio Road. I cannot see that as being
so service-deprived that we would take a really good area for housing off our
map at this point. That's where I am on it. I'm speaking from the point of
somebody who lived there and still know a great number of people who live
there. I don't think they would see it as quite the wasteland that we've
described it as being. That's it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A procedural question first. Are you looking for
questions, questions and comments? Do you want us to address the first
four, like "A" through "D," to being with or how do you want to structure the
conversation?

Mayor Burt: First, it can be questions and comments. As far as the
structuring, we not only have the "A" through "D," we have really on Pages 7
and 8 of the Staff Report a more deep discussion of what are some of the
other alternatives. I think we're open to the whole range there, unless
Colleagues want to break up the discussion into pieces. We could begin with
just discussing the relocation of sites or we can do a round hearing general
input and then try to narrow the focus for potential Motions.


                                                                      Page 74 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/21/16
