                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: A similar question about—I think the answer's
going to be no. Can you (inaudible) to increasing fees for projects that
come back four or five times or are we just handling that by an hourly fee?

Ms. Gitelman: We're trying to handle those with hourly fees. We're trying
to capture the types of applications that have that proclivity. Hopefully
we're charging deposit-based fees for those.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate you kind of adjusting the annual
hours. It doesn't appear that that includes Staff time to work on other City
projects. Are these people that are being allocated for your 100 percent for
outside projects?

Ms. Gitelman: If I understand what you're asking, Council Member DuBois,
what we started with was only that amount of time that was used for
processing applications. There's a lot of Staff time in the department, both
the people we looked at and other people in the department who are doing
things that are not directly related to processing applications. Those things
weren't considered here. Did I understand your question?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah, but we dropped the effective annual hours, I
guess, from—I don't remember—2,000 to 1,600 or something, including sick
time and other things. I was wondering if it should actually be dropped
more because those people also have other projects. The effective time
available is less.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we would have taken the other projects kind of off the
table before we did this calculation. Although, I should say we're kind of—
we're trying to be conservative meaning high in the case of productive
hours. There have been some fee studies in the City that have been done
with a much lower number, I believe. We were somewhere between 1,400
and 1,600 hours.

Ms. Nikzat: I think we were between 1,300 and 1,600, as I recall.

Council Member DuBois: We don't really have an idea of what happens
when projects request more time than is available. We don't ever run out of
Staff time.

Ms. Nikzat: That we do charge. If it takes more time and it's a deposit-
based fee, we will charge those hours against that deposit. If additional
funding is needed, we ask for additional funding from the applicant.




                                                                       Page 13 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
