                          TRANSCRIPT

real lack of childcare available, particularly for working families. Those
members who were speaking to that really emphasized including—actually
we've gone through a couple of iterations of making that language even
strong. The public as well actually spoke to this.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There was somewhere about City Staff here. We had a
previous program that said budget for City Staff training and service-
oriented management techniques. Again since it's a previous program, I'm
wondering if we did that. I frankly have some concerns with putting in the
Comp Plan how we should budget for our employees. Frankly, I think that
should go out, if it was me. Again, establish incentives and enhance rewards
and recognition programs to encourage City Staff to deliver high quality
services. That's a previous program. I'd love to know what we did on that.
If we need to continue it, is that really something we need? It's not a policy.
I would love to have that as a policy, encourage City employees to ... I'm
concerned about how we operationalize that. There's one other ... It says
develop comprehensive conservation plans for Foothills Park, Baylands
Nature Preserve and the Pearson-Arastradero Preserve. Are we currently
doing that as part of the—is that part of our Parks Master Plan or is that a
separate task that we're setting forward in the Comp Plan?

Mr. de Geus: Good evening, Rob de Geus, Community Services. Thank you
for the question, Vice Mayor Scharff. It's a separate plan. The Parks Plan is
not going to get into the detail of managing open space. The ecosystems
and the habitat really need a separate plan for that for the Baylands and for
the preserves up in the hills, Arastradero, Foothills Park.        They'll be
companion plans to the Parks Plan.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is my favorite one actually, to be honest. Pursue
making City employee health and wellness programs as a model for local
business and other organizations to implement. Are you sure that the local
business and other organizations don't have better plans than we do? Why
do we think our plan is all that great? I haven't heard the City employees
coming to me and saying we have the best plans compared to Facebook or
compared to Google or Tesla. I guess I'm thinking what's really the thought
behind that? Do we really think our plans are that great? A model for the
country?

Mr. Dennis: What number is that?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That would be C-5.6.2.


                                                                         Page 37 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
