                             TRANSCRIPT
C.         Amend the Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Appropriation Ordinance for the
           General Fund by:

     i.         Increasing  the   Planning    and   Community    Environment
                Department contract services by $530,902; and

     ii.        Decreasing the General Fund Budget Stabilization Reserve by
                $530,902.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously. Now we
can return to our business.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

9.         Discuss and Approve Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP)
           Framework, Principles & Guidelines.

Mayor Burt:      Item Number 9, which is to discuss and approve the
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan framework, principles and guidelines.
Mr. Friend, are you kicking it off?

Gil Friend, Chief Sustainability Officer: I am.

Mayor Burt: Welcome.

Mr. Friend: Thank you. Good evening, Mayor Burt. Good evening, Council
Members. I'm Gil Friend, the City's Chief Sustainability Officer. I'm pleased
to be back with you tonight to take the next step in the City's Sustainability
and Climate Action Plan. The focus of the Plan is obviously broader than just
climate. We're here to talk about creating the kind of future that we want,
which includes a healthier and safer and more sustainable and prosperous
and resilient community, to do our part as a City, where the leading edge is
around the world in meeting the global climate challenge, and to do as we
have done many times over the past decades to lead by example and inspire
others. What we're recommending tonight is that we discuss and adopt the
Sustainability and Climate Action Plan framework. I'll talk more about that
in just a moment, including in particular its proposed decision criteria,
guiding principles and design principles as the roadmap for the development
of the subsequent S/CAP implementation plans that we'll be bringing back to
Council early in 2017. We'd like to ask you to direct Staff to return to
Council with those implementation plans probably in phases early in 2017.
Just by way of context, here's where we are. We've made dramatic
reductions in our greenhouse gas emissions over the past 20 years. You can
see at the right where our 2030 goals are in context of your 80 percent
reduction decision back in April. The S/CAP, as you recall, has ten major
                                                                       Page 17 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
