                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Stephanie Munoz. Welcome.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. What I
have to say is in general about Proposition 218. I have a feeling that most
of the people in this room don't even know what Proposition 218 is. I want
to remind everybody. After Proposition (Prop) 13 was passed, cities and
counties and other agencies were hard put to have the revenue to support
the budgets that they had created in the expectation of constantly rising
property values. They immediately turned to permits as a way of getting
revenue. That is, the unfortunate person whose roof was blown off had to
pay perhaps as much as $1,000 for a permit to put up the roof. My
experience has been with Mountain View. You might think, "Why is she
standing here in a Palo Alto City Council meeting talking about Mountain
View?" That has the advantage that it's nothing personal; it's nothing you
did. We had a small fire in a rental house in Mountain View, which my
husband and I were going to retire to, because it was just one story and
next to the (inaudible) and all those good things for elderly people. I called
the building department and said, "I want to make the wiring safer in my
little house. I need you to tell me what the new standards are." He said,
"We don't tell you that." "Pardon?" "You bring in a drawing, and then we'll
tell you and if we give you a permit. If you start work before the permit, the
cost is doubled." I have to tell you that in repairing just—all I wanted to do
was upgrade the wiring, and I didn't really have to do that. Once you let
people into your house, they can have all kinds of upgrades that you never
even thought of. It's run over $100,000 to upgrade this house, which
originally sold for $10,000. What I want to do is ask you when you are
imposing fees and fines and penalties and permits, that you give some
thought to the principle of Prop 218 which was an initiative stipulating that
these fees and permits have to apply. There has to be some nexus between
the actual work the City does and the cost that they're imposing on the
people. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:17 P.M.

Mayor Burt: I will now close the Public Hearing. Before we turn to Council
questions and discussion, we will tabulate the written protests pursuant to
Prop 218. The first aspect will be the refuse rate. There are 19,444 refuse
customers subject to the refuse rate changes, meaning that 9,723 protests
are needed to create a majority. I'll now ask the Clerk to provide the
number of written protests received against the refuse rate increases.

Beth Minor, City Clerk: I received three written protests.

                                                                              Page 19 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
