                          TRANSCRIPT
basements. That wasn't true in 1990, 1995. It was unusual, but now it's
quite common. In theory the basements are not habitable. That's the
theory. Many of these basements in new homes that I've looked at were
laid out looking like they were just raw areas, but they had all of the utilities.
They had water lines, sewer lines, electric lines set up but not connected to
anything. It was quite common that you'd see an area which was set off as
a kitchen area. There might be a refrigerator there, but there was no cook
tops, but the wiring was there for them. Then there'd be a room that was
set aside that had plumbing and water lines, but the toilet and the bathtubs
weren't installed yet. It was obvious they were waiting until they got the
building inspector to look at the house and sign off on it, and then they
would sneak in and convert it to an actual apartment because they had an
outside stairway that went in so the tenant could go into the apartment in
the basement without going through the main house. This has become quite
common. Maybe we ought to do what Mountain View has done for more
than 25 years. The fellow who is the Assistant City Manager told us that
since the early 1990s no homes in Mountain View, no new homes in
Mountain View have been built with basements. They just weren’t being
done. Now on the Staff Report on page 430, it talks about—there you have
ten different items you can look at. One of them is reviewing the building
and FARs. Basements currently do not count toward FAR. Count the
basement toward the FAR. If you don't want to count it as 100 percent,
count it as 50 percent or 70 percent, but include the basement in the FAR.
Second, in areas which have low groundwater—by the way, the groundwater
level today is lower than it will be in four or five years if we have rain. You
may have an aquifer that's now 19 or 20 foot. When there's rain, it'll only
be 14 feet. Look at what the lowest aquifer level has been on that site in
the last 20 years before you decide whether or not to even consider
basements.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Moss: Prohibiting basements would be the best way to go.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Keith Bennett, to be followed
by Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Keith Bennett: Hi. I'd just like to point out that on average the dewatering
for the construction of a single residential basement would fill the El Camino
Reservoir three to four times. The 14 residential basements built last year
would fill that reservoir 50 times. Clearly the water that is pumped for
dewatering a single basement comes predominantly, in fact about 98
percent, from under the properties of others. Some people say that water is
not being wasted because it's not accessible from our taps; however, many

                                                                          Page 45 of 125
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/1/16
