                          TRANSCRIPT
here—is it 1B6 on Page 59 of the Report? I think Vice Mayor Scharff had
referred to it, looking for usable park space. I would say usable park space
or other recreational opportunities essentially in mixed-use developments. I
think that's an important thing to move forward with. I'm really excited to
see the partnership between Community Services and Planning Department
on things like safe routes and continuing to develop that partnership with
Planning, with the Planning and Transportation Commission, with the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) in looking for park and recreational
opportunities as part of development that happens in the town. I think it's
important. I'll also point that, I guess, it was only a week ago or eight days
ago on the 29th when we said we want to make the use—we're exploring
making use of specific or coordinated area plans or precise plans a more
regular part of the planning process in Palo Alto. Looking back at what we
did that was so great with South of Forest Area (SOFA) and SOFA II and
having Heritage Park as a real opportunity and a real wonderful addition to
the University South area, because we were thinking we have an opportunity
to do a redesign. Let's make sure park space is a big part of that. As we
look to the future of making specific or precise plans a more regular tool, as
those are used, I'll look to see the park and recreation opportunities to be a
big part of that, whether it's at potentially Fry's or any other location where
we might do one of those in coming years. Having the policy in place to say
we're going to make it a point to look for those opportunities and to push for
them will be important so when they arise we're ready to jump on them. I
actually really agree with Vice Mayor Scharff on a couple of the points he
raised. I do think we want to be careful when looking at, for instance, Policy
6C2 not to regulate ourselves out of the opportunity to do fun things and to
do things we're proud of as a community. I can think of a lot of things that
we're proud of, that we do in Palo Alto, that are a lot of fun, that Palo Alto
residents love doing, that also attract people from around the region.
Whether it's art festivals and (inaudible) festivals and World Music Day, we
don't check people's papers for where they're from when they come to those
events. We're happy to open up our City for those things. I want to make
sure we don't lose those opportunities. On the point about whether we
dedicate a recreational facility or recreational service as parkland, I think it's
a separate question. I just want to continue what Vice Mayor Scharff was
saying, that we want to silo what the question is at play. I think it's very
important that we make very clear and solidify in some way that we want to
maintain having an ice rink in Palo Alto. There are some quite contentious
battles around preserving ice rinks in a number of other cities quite close to
us, including in San Mateo and Belmont. The community members and
Council Members I've spoken to over the last couple of years and especially
the last few months in those communities can tell you it's not a fun position
to be in, to have the risk or reality of losing an important recreational facility
like an ice rink. Making sure that we secure for decades to come an ice rink
                                                                          Page 27 of 121
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 09/06/16
