                           TRANSCRIPT
some suggestions about conditions that you could add to reflect                 the
agreement on Stanford's part to undertake certain mitigation measures.          I'm
sure the applicant would be happy to consider other questions from              the
Council. At the end of that process, we could review the Record of Land         Use
Action and talk about the potential additions.

Council Member Berman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I'm trying to wrap my head around this in
a sort of larger thing. What I got from Staff—what is it? The memo that
was written in response to, I guess, Mr. Balin's concerns was signed by
yourself and the City Manager. What I took out of that memo—I want to
make sure I'm understanding it correctly—is that we're looking at the narrow
issue of whether or not to approve the subdivision amendment, map act
amendment. That regards seven homes which would be moved off of the
hotspot site. DTSC has looked at that specific issue and said that is the right
thing to do. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: DTSC has looked at the risk assessment and all of the
suggestions that Stanford made. That's relocating the homes. It's the 10-
inch slab. It's the vapor intrusion barriers and other measures that were
included as suggestions in that risk assessment.           DTSC, in my
understanding, looked at the whole sum total and concurred that if all these
things took place, the risk was acceptable.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is the DTSC person here?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Mayor Burt: That's Dr. Klein.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Dr. Klein. Is that the DTSC person?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is it all right if I ask some questions of the DTSC
person? If it's fine with the Mayor.

Mayor Burt: That's fine.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My guess of this—I'm not familiar with it. DTSC is the
State agency that deals with toxic substances.      Department of Toxic
Substances, right?

                                                                         Page 36 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
