                         TRANSCRIPT
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. Maybe I can just weigh in on this a little. What we were really
trying to do with this Ordinance, which is mostly procedural, is try and clean
up some of the inconsistencies but also address some of the chores like this
one that are in there, which we haven't been doing and which take away
from the critical work and the priorities of the Council.           The Chief
Transportation Official has a tremendous amount on his plate. We didn't
think it was necessary for he, himself to prepare a separate report annually
and come to a noticed public hearing to deliver information that you're
getting in two other reports, that come to Council on a routine basis. One is
the Downtown cap report, where annually we calculate the number of spaces
provided within the Assessment District, we talk about pending development
projects and how that's going to affect the parking deficit as it's been
calculated for over 30 years. The other report is the annual report about
impact fees that, I think, Cara Silver mentioned. We're talking about
including the in-lieu fee in the annual report on impact fees. You'd be
getting all the information that would otherwise be provided to you by the
Chief Transportation Official. It just wouldn't be from him in a separate
public hearing. Of course, you would retain the ability to, at the time you
receive those other two reports and any other time, request a hearing on
parking requirements or the need for parking or anything else.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid's concern that elimination of this
paragraph and instead going to these other two reporting mechanisms—this
paragraph, you're saying this report we haven't been getting that somehow
that would change the City formula for baseline parking expectations. I
should clarify they're not jobs; they're parking. Unless we assume that
every employee drives a single occupancy vehicle, that's not one and the
same. Nevertheless, does it have the impact that Council Member Schmid is
concerned about, that it would change our parking formula?

Ms. Gitelman: No, it would not. I should say also that I believe there's a
misunderstanding about the recent report we sent on Plan Bay Area. It
didn't talk at all about parking ratios. It talks about employment, and it
talks about households that are projected by the regional agencies. Nothing
in there was about parking or would change anything that has to do with our
parking standards.

Mayor Burt: I think that goes to the point I was just making, that the one
parking spot per 250 square feet of office, I think, is being construed as
necessarily one job. The implication actually is that if we require one
parking spot for 250 square feet, then we would have more jobs per that
space than that, not fewer. Nevertheless, I guess that's my real concern. If
                                                                        Page 87 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
