                           TRANSCRIPT
understand in the Palo Alto context, is there any part of Palo Alto that's
not—I'm assuming Downtown is covered, I'm assuming California Avenue,
I'm assuming El Camino when we say served by frequent transit services.
I'm assuming all those areas would fall within it. Is it a half mile of transit, a
mile of transit, or what's the granular level of this stuff?

Mr. Milam: The general definition under 743 is a half mile. It's very specific
to rail or ferry stations or bus stations where you have at least 15-minute
headways in the A.M. and P.M. peak hours. It's a statute kind of definition,
so you kind of get a better sense for what's actually included.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's unclear on El Camino for me.

Mr. Mello: That would include El Camino. The 22 and the 522 run very
frequently. It would also include areas within a half mile of our two Caltrain
stations.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    What about the half mile of the Mountain View San
Antonio station?

Mr. Mello: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Most of the places where development is done in Palo
Alto—not all, but most—would count for that. I wanted to get back to the
VMT. I guess I don't understand how VMT actually works. When we look at
a project, if it's within a half mile of the fixed rail station, does that make a
difference on VMT, how we address—you said something that just caught my
ear, check the box without further analysis. When we do a CEQA analysis
for a project in Downtown Palo Alto, no matter how much traffic it creates,
would you basically just check the box because it's right near the rail station
and it's Downtown?

Mr. Milam: That is the recommendation from OPR. Basically it's projects
locating within that half mile of a high quality transit station or within these
low VMT-generating areas that you have the option of verifying that it meets
the screening criteria, and then no further analysis is required.            The
presumption is there's a less than significant impact. There's nothing in the
OPR guidance that prevents a city or county from creating a higher
threshold. If you don't want to use that and you want to ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's go back, and let's assume we don't want to use
that. If we don't use it, what is the analysis then on VMT in a Downtown
Palo Alto area?



                                                                          Page 22 of 120
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/19/16
