                          TRANSCRIPT
that contract that alleviate some of the concerns that we're hearing. I agree
with the comments from the maker and the seconder. Continuing on this
question of use cases that I alluded to earlier in my questions, a couple of
members of the public have brought. I'm going to bring up just three
examples. If you have an answer for me now, great. If you don't, I'll want
something similar to this clarified when this comes back. Use Case 1. Let's
say my colleague Marc wants to check out a bike from a hub. He lives
Downtown. There's almost certainly going to be a hub somewhere near him.
He wants to bike over to a meeting that I'm hosting at my house in the Palo
Verde neighborhood, which is a place listed on the current map. Again this
is tentative. It's totally in a desert here; there's nothing in Palo Verde at all,
hardly nearby. He comes over, two hour meeting at my house. We finish
up the meeting; he bikes home. It's two 20-minute trips with a two hour
gap in between during which it's held. How much is that going to cost him?
Second Use Case. A City employee takes Caltrain to work, which is great.
We're trying to encourage more of that. City employee takes Caltrain to
work. After work, they want to get some exercise, picking up on our Healthy
City Healthy Community initiative. They decide they want to bike over to
the Baylands. We have a bike bridge now. Not everyone (inaudible) bike
bridge that will get him over there. They bike over to the Baylands; they
come back. Total ride maybe hour and 15 minutes of riding. How much is
that going to cost them? Use Case 3. Let's say hypothetically we do set up
a bike hub somewhere in the Palo Verde neighborhood. I pick up a bike
near my house, ride it over to say Pete's Coffee and Piazza's, grab some
coffee, get some groceries, hold the bike there so that it doesn't disappear
while I’m doing my shopping because I want to make sure I've got
something to carry my bike home on. I bike home, drop the groceries at
home, drop the bike back at the hub near my house, and then walk the
couple of blocks back to my house. Total trip maybe hour and a half, two 5-
10 minute rides with maybe an hour or 45 minutes in between for running
the errands. How much is that going to cost. Again, if we have some
ballparks, that would be great to hear tonight. If not, I'd like ...

Mayor Burt: Let's have them come back. That's very specific.

Council Member Wolbach: It was not my expectation that we would have
that tonight. That's why I'm mentioning it now during comments. My point
is those kinds of use cases that are not just somebody using it strictly as get
off Caltrain and then ride the last 15 minutes to their job. Those other use
cases, which are important to spread biking to more non-bikers in Palo Alto,
like myself currently, I think that's important to see. That's going to be
influential in my decision when we see this contract come back. Thank you.



                                                                          Page 99 of 104
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/4/16
