                          TRANSCRIPT
be setting our first year's priorities.   Our next time that we come to you,
we'll give you an update on that.

Council Member DuBois: The percent for art from private developments,
that will be administered through this program?

Ms. Halpern:    It's administered through the Public Art Program currently,
yes.

Council Member DuBois:        The evaluation criteria for artist selection, I
wondered if we should have something in there about avoiding conflicts of
interest in terms of how that's chosen or if that was a consideration. There
was a lot of things about artistic qualification, but I'm just ...

Ms. Halpern: That is part of our process, conflict of interest.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't see it called out in that criteria.

Ms. DeMarzo: At the beginning of any selection panel, we absolutely ask
that anyone serving on that panel or, if it's coming to the Commission, if
there's a conflict of interest that they need to recuse themselves.

Council Member DuBois: Artists applying—could a developer hire his wife to
do the art or would that be ...

Ms. DeMarzo: That's actually specified in the language that no, it cannot be
a family member of the applicant. Good question.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate the goals. Somewhere it mentioned a
linear path adjacent to Caltrain. I didn't know what that was referring to. Is
that Park Boulevard? Is it one of the bike trails?

Ms. Goldstein: The community members that suggested it were really
talking about along Park Boulevard, the whole strip where there's parking.
It would be really great if there was some kind of a linear park there. It's
aspirational. Let's put it that way.

Council Member DuBois: I hadn't heard it called that before. I like the goal
of being Citywide. Looking at the map of where we do have art, there's kind
of a big desert here in the south and west of the City. When you look at the
Plan, Appendix 5, a lot of the locations mentioned there, I didn't see much
that's in the south and the west. I'd really challenge you guys to think about
some of those locations. Things like Arastradero, I heard one of the speaker
mention. I don't know if that's on the list. It wasn't called out.


                                                                         Page 70 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
