                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: 090 only deals with Downtown historic structures.
Only Downtown.

Mr. Keene: That's a good point.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry, Council Member Holman. We're going to have to
look into this more if we want to go deeper into this. We were really just
trying to arrange the Penalty Schedule to follow the titles in the Ordinance,
so the titles of each section. This Section 060 refers to significant Downtown
buildings. If that's not broad enough for the Council, we'll have to look into
that and bring back an alternate proposal.

Mr. Yang: Again, the language in this Schedule doesn't—this is only meant
to help us find and help the public find the section in the Municipal Code
that's being referenced. Changing the wording here doesn't affect our actual
substantive ability to enforce. It doesn't narrow or broaden our enforcement
ability.

Council Member Holman: If the definitions are different, though, it seems
like it would. The other thing I would suggest is—just to be clear here. It's
like …

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. We've got this amendment up here. Is this still
standing based on what Staff said or are you going to retract that or do
what? I would offer that, based on what we just heard from Staff, it seemed
like it initially made sense to try and fold those two sections together, but
maybe it doesn't now. If you want to just strengthen 090, maybe that's
another alternative as opposed to folding 090 into 060 and modifying 060.
We need to try and see if we can move on, on this.

Council Member Holman: Why don't we do this then? In 090, maybe we
just eliminate the word "downtown," and I think we've got it. That's another
approach.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “remove Municipal Code Section 16.49.090
and replace in Municipal Code Section 16.49.060, ‘significant downtown’ with
‘downtown historic.’”

AMENDMENT RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Council Member XX to add to the Motion, “remove ‘downtown’ from
Municipal Code Section 16.49.090.”




                                                                        Page 34 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
