                         TRANSCRIPT
houses. We have to change that so that there are more houses than there
are and an equal number of housing to works. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is John Karl Fredrich.

John Karl Fredrich: Good evening, Council Members and fellow citizens. I'm
here to speak both as a candidate in the coming elections and as a former
resident on the north side and a longtime member of the community who
takes an active interest in housing, zoning and many of the issues that are
embedded in this particular project, which I do not feel is ready for takeoff.
I do feel that the Council should not go with the recommendation to adopt
and approve the report from City Manager and the Planning Director. I
believe that perhaps the fairest thing to do would be to continue the appeal
to get data in a couple of the areas that I'd like to suggest. On Page 5 of
the document from the Director, it claims that an effort was made to
minimize impacts to surrounding neighborhoods and businesses. You've
heard many times over tonight that this project does not yet meet that
criteria. The last time I ran for Council in 2014, Councilman Schmid turned
me onto this Downtown cap study. Another figure that I think you might
want to get is to see where you are in the actual total of the square footage
in the Downtown cap and whether this project and the other projects that
have been—I would like to see that figure in the report. The other projects
that are recently completed or in the process of being completed don't move
you right up to the edge. I assume Staff in due diligence found out that this
does not put you over the line, but it takes you way up there. My biggest
objection, however, is in the Mitigation Negative Declaration, the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Environmental Impact Report (EIR) at the
end of the document that you get to by hitting that hot button at the end,
that leads you to think that this building is compatible to the residential
neighborhoods behind it. We didn't see those neighborhoods in any of these
slides very well. The one slide over on Waverley that Mr. Filseth referred to
has a building very much different in terms of daylight plane and the house
there on Waverley is quite a bit further behind. The fear I would have in a
dissatisfied resident there would be that they would consider this a taking
and consider that by building so close to his house, he'd be very well
positioned to challenge your finding without the things that I mentioned and
a street-level analysis of the traffic on Kipling which is, as your records
showed there, between six to eight feet narrower street than the other
streets.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. First the applicant and then the appellant each
have three minutes to respond, if you would like to.

Mr. Hayes: Ken Hayes. I'd like to introduce Brad Ehikian, my client.

                                                                         Page 43 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
