                          TRANSCRIPT
deficit for next year. This is in the up market. There are a lot of financial
pressures in Palo Alto, and we need hotel development. The other thing I'm
going to say about hotel development is that my recollection is that hotel
development is one of the least trip generators during peak hours. Of all the
developments, it has the least impact on quality of life. It's better than
office. It's better than R&D. It's better than housing, in terms of those kind
of issues. I think we should be very encouraging of hotel development.
What I would look for in this Plan is any time we seem to be negative of
hotel development, I'd like to take that out. In fact, I would like a statement
in the Plan that we encourage hotel development, that we welcome that.
Obviously, I think that should not be included in any Citywide number. I'm
fine with the Citywide cap of 1.7 million. I think that's fine as long as it
doesn't include retail and as long as it doesn't include hotel space.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. If I could just offer one clarification. There are
two Citywide growth management strategies that we're discussing. One is
the idea of the cap, the 1.7. Stanford Research Park is currently included in
that. The Medical Center is currently not. The other growth management
strategy we're talking on a Citywide basis is the idea of annual limit. That's
the strategy where the committee put forward a number of options with and
without the Research Park.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. I got confused. It's not the 1.7 that applies to
Stanford. It's including them in the 50,000 annual limit cap that we were
talking about. Correct. On the 1.7 million, 1 million of that is roughly still
permitted in the Research Park. Am I correct on that? What of that 1.7—
how does that break out? It wasn't Citywide before, so I'm trying to figure
out where we're going on the 1.7.

Ms. Gitelman: The 1.7 is what's left under that original 3.2 million. I think
we've calculated the unused development potential in the Research Park at
about 800,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It'd be 900,000. The nine monitoring areas, what areas
of the City were not included in that nine monitoring areas then? That we
were going to—you said we're changing policy by doing this, if we went that
direction.

Ms. Gitelman: Definitely the hospital complex is not included in the nine
monitoring areas. Also, there's an area of town near Page Mill Road and
California Avenue, not right at California Avenue, but where the Hohbach
project is. A lot of that growth is happening around Page Mill and Park
Boulevard.    For whatever reason, that was not included in the nine
monitored areas. There are a few other places in the City.

                                                                       Page 73 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
