                         TRANSCRIPT
four with three of them being in the same section in LA all in the same day.
Once we lock that down, we're finding out that it's actually quite safe. I
know if you guys rush to do this and pass this ordinance and also ban
delivery in the process, that's a couple thousand patients that are not going
to have access to the prescribed medical marijuana that they have. I have
28 Palo Alto residents, more than happy to share their stories at the time, if
you guys would like to know more about this. I'd also like to offer my help
and all of the data that I have to help you understand this. I know as I went
to—excuse me—Redwood City and others, this is all new. It's all new,
getting actual data about what's happening in your City. I'd like to offer
that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman has a quick question.

Council Member Berman: This is a very, very quick question. You said
2,000-plus folks in the Palo Alto area. Is that Palo Alto or is that a broader
region?

Mr. Dunlap: I include Palo Alto and East Palo Alto. I wasn't sure if that was
in your jurisdiction.

Council Member Berman: Got it. It's not, but when you send us more info,
maybe carve those out, assuming you send us (crosstalk).

Mr. Dunlap: Yeah. There's some unincorporated areas, I think, right around
Palo Alto, I'm guessing. I'm just drawing a circle.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Dunlap: You're welcome. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by Stephanie
Munoz.

Herb Borock: I recall reading in the newspaper that the Governor did sign
the bill. This was a late-arriving packet item, and I did not pick up a copy
until today. With the other items I had addressed you on, I didn't have a
chance to respond or follow up on that. I don't think it's an urgency item. I
believe it makes most sense to defer action. If the Governor has already
signed it or we expect he will sign the bill, that there's adequate time to
adopt an ordinance as a regular ordinance rather than an urgency ordinance.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker, Stephanie Munoz.


                                                                       Page 72 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
