                          TRANSCRIPT
been treated like every other parcel. They have a parcel number; those
parcel numbers are recorded at the County Recorder's Office; they've been
used by Staff to evaluate proposals regarding FAR, setbacks, etc. Regarding
the grandfathering clause, I'm concerned that it's being used
inappropriately. In March 1980, the City Council approved the construction
of the office building at 1050 Page Mill Road to the original leaseholder. Part
of the approval required that the original two parcels, which were a different
shape than the two that are there now, be merged. The City Council took
the steps to approve that change. At that time, the City clarified that the
development on the leasehold was maxed out at 0.400 FAR. Eighteen years
later in 1998, the ground lease was split and created two lease parcels. One
was conforming and actually had extra space on it, which the City allowed a
second building to be built on, and one non-conforming. This was done by
the tenant. Stanford apparently knew about it, because they are the
underlying landowner. In 2013/14 the leasehold changed hands and the
current applicant came up with a proposal for the site. They requested the
replacement of 285,000 square feet of existing structures with a grandfather
clause as a reason for allowing that much square footage. That exceeded
the amount that the City approved on the site. That's the 265,000 that
they've now reduced the project to. I have two recommendations. The
application for replacement square footage under the grandfather clause be
denied. New development on the lease parcel created in 1998 conform to
current Code standards and requirements including the FAR. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. At this time, we return to the Staff and the
Council. Does the Staff have any additional—I'm sorry. The applicant has
three minutes to do a wrap-up.

Ms. Koo: I just wanted to go over a couple of the topics that were touched
on. Relating to groundwater again. This site is not part of the COE study
site. Even though we do excavate on the site to 14 feet—even in the COE
areas, you don't find the plume until 30-35 feet underground. We're way
above that with one level of underground parking. We have a vapor barrier
installed. With vapor barriers, if you find any vapors, the ventilation in the
underground garage creates another layer of security for the inhabitants of
the building. You've got a vapor barrier plus an underground garage that
serves as extra ventilation for any theoretical vapors that arise. That level is
too low to his any vapors. In regards to phasing, it's misleading to call it
phasing. It's going to be one sequential process. It's not going to be a start
and stop. We have a tenant in the building; we have to keep them in play.
There will be no stoppage between the project; it will be a continuous
sequence of events. The 117 California, I think it was said that there was no
City review on that. That project also went through a full City review
process. At that time, all of that analysis. The important thing to note is
                                                                          Page 57 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
