                         TRANSCRIPT
three parcel numbers ceased to exist in favor of 68 single-family lots and
two condo complexes, an integrated development, University Terrace. Yet,
construction is allowed to proceed on the lower part, and it continues today
prior to any oversight agency approval, subsequent map revision or even
certainty that homes will be built on the upper half of the acreage that has
rested as an open field for months. Finally, word got out about why prior to
that no member of the public was informed. No documents are made
available, and there was no opportunity to require public participation in any
voluntary cleanup agreement with DTSC. Particularly, people who might
potentially be impacted by the contamination were cut out of the process.
Folks pushed back. On January 6th, four members of DTSC came to Palo
Alto to meet with the five members of our residents' association
subcommittee. Stanford, their consultant and College Terrace Residents
Association (CTRA) was also present. After that, we were allowed an
opportunity to submit a follow-up to DTSC, which we did on the 27th, two
documents also cc'd to Staff, Council and Stanford. What we have to say at
this time about Stanford's risk assessment and plan to mitigate is all there.
A related article appears in Friday's Weekly. Tonight, my message is this:
do not allow this circumstance to happen again. As a first step, keep a close
eye on the 1050 Page Mill Road project and stop any phasing or sequencing
of development or tenant occupancy until all demolition, environmental
assessment and any remediation and/or mitigation plans for the entire site
are in place and approved by all oversight bodies and appropriate City Staff.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Amy Christel.

Amy Christel: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. Tonight's packet
includes the first Palo Alto Airport Noise Complaint Report since the City took
over the airport 18 months ago. The Report demonstrates a low standard
for protection of this and other communities. I see several deficiencies that
need to be addressed by this Council and City management in a broader
Airport Impact Report. Most notably, this Report offers no promise of
improved noise mitigation. It assures that the airport has no control over
pilots of general aviation aircraft. It omits any information about the types
of aircraft, paths or altitudes that triggered complaints. The Noise Report
does not count individual complainants within a household. Instead of
reporting the small number of medical Angel Flights using the airport, these
flights are reported as air taxi operations and combined with a greater
number of non-medical flights. This is not transparency. The Report
restates noise abatement measures that could be chosen by pilots, but omits
any description of the actual noisy routes being used. I frequently track PAO
flights well below the minimum safe altitude of 1,000 feet as far from the
airport as Alma Street. These low flights are not considered safety violations
                                                                           Page 6 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
