                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I guess I just note that in the Stanford materials,
they say very clearly that housing additions are important to deal with local
traffic issues. Certainly it would seem to imply that that would be true for
the Stanford Research Park as well.

Mayor Burt: My questions have to do principally with transportation. Can
you share how extensively Zipcars are currently used? I heard from one
local entity that they're so widely used on campus that there's difficulty in
getting availability off. If that's true, that's a good thing. I'm just wanting
to have a better understanding of how pervasive are they, how much of the
mix of automobile trips is being pick up through shared vehicles.

Mr. Shaw: Stanford University has the largest Zipcar program in the
country. We've always had that. We have our 67 Zipcars on and around
campus. Our cars are some of the busiest cars in the Zipcar fleet across the
country. You're exactly right. We work very closely with Zipcar on an
annual basis to determine the right mix of vehicles, how many vehicles we
can accommodate on campus, where best to place them, so that we make
sure that that balance is there. Primarily, they're students using the
vehicles. It's mainly night and weekends. They have a vehicle where they
can get to one whenever that's necessary. We seem to be doing a pretty
good job with that. As Catherine stated in her remarks to you earlier, this
location will have a significant number of Zipcars located within the parking
garage that we'll be putting into place for this project. The exact number
has yet to be determined. We'll be working with Zipcar very closely to figure
out what the right number should be for the size of project we're talking
about and the demographics that will be located within the project. It could
be, say, as much as 20, could be maybe 100 cars that are dedicated for the
Zipcar functionality. We'll also be looking at longer-term rentals. There is a
need for our graduate students to rent cars, perhaps for weekends or longer
periods of time. They'll be able to do that onsite. We have a similar
arrangement today on the west side of campus at our stock farm garage.
We'll be doing the same thing on this side of campus, so we're essentially
bookending campus with that functionality, giving one less reason for a
graduate student to need to bring and park a car on campus while they're on
campus at Stanford.

Mayor Burt: Do you have any approximate data of adding a Zipcar for a
shared use, how many individual cars are removed in that student
environment as a result?

Mr. Shaw:    A rule of thumb probably can't apply universally.           With
undergraduates, it's a little different because the freshmen are prohibited
from buying parking permits.        It's artificial, arguably, for them.  For

                                                                        Page 15 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
