                         TRANSCRIPT
things that I picked up. I didn't pay for this. We want to raise the wages so
that people do not have to drive 90 miles to come here and have an accident
on the way home. We would like to be able to (inaudible) voluntarily
businesses to increase wages. Maybe get more out of these people so you
can pay higher wages. How do you compensate for that is lower rules, lower
regulations, lower headaches, lower planning things. We should be creative
about that. The third thing is uplift our communities around us including
Mountain View, Los Altos. We have beautiful people, beautiful communities.
No High Speed Rail. I would rather fix the existing California Caltrain and
have a lot of automation. I missed Caltrain within a minute trying to get
through the underground. We should be able to have an overpass to get
there fast or have an e-ticket using cell phones. Things like that. I don't
want anybody from LA to rush here in three hours. If they want to, they can
come in an airplane. There's no need for that. We don't need to build a
legacy for Jerry Brown. He already has a good legacy. I think all the needs
for that are union-based, and then we can fix the union, our employment
need, and all that a different way. I am opposing High Speed Rail. I want
to upgrade Caltrain. Thank you. Thank you for letting me speak here.
You're a great team. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Now we'll return to the Consent Calendar.        Do we have a
Motion to approve.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move approval.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, second by Council
Member Kniss.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-7.

2.   Approval and Acceptance of Palo Alto Fire Department Quarterly
     Performance Report for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016.

3.   Approval of a Professional Services Contract With Plante & Moran,
     PLLC in an Amount Not-to-Exceed $359,925 for Enterprise Resource
     Planning System (ERP) and Utility Billing Planning and System
     Selection.


                                                                       Page 21 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
