                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman:     It doesn't replace "five."   "Five" would change,
though, because ...

Mayor Burt: Yeah. It's a modified "five," right? Is that what we're looking
at?

Council Member Kniss: Mm-hmm.

Council Member Holman: It wouldn't replace "five," because "five" has
densities and buildings in it.

Mayor Burt: Where is ... I see. It's down below now. I'm sorry.

Council Member Holman: This would be a new ...

Mayor Burt: It's down under amendment, and it's what's highlighted.

Council Member Holman: Number Five would change if this passes.

Mayor Burt: Let's vote on the board. Evaluate lower general office and R&D
development than is in Scenario Number Two. That passes on a 5-4 vote
with Council Members Schmid, DuBois, Burt, Kniss and Holman voting yes.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 5-4 Berman, Filseth, Scharff, Wolbach no

Mayor Burt: Now we come back to the main motion.            Council Member
Filseth, and then Kniss and then me.

Council Member Holman: I did have one other thing which was to put on
the board for Staff to come back with any comments having to do with
reducing our LOS threshold to zero. Our impacts threshold to zero.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm afraid we're not really following what your intention is.
We do have the new State law that's going to prevent us from doing that.

Mayor Burt: Let me see first whether we even have a second before we get
Staff discussion on it. I don't hear a second.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with comments
regarding reducing Level Of Service (LOS) impacts to zero.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Holman: The motion was to change the City's thresholds
for measuring LOS impacts from our current level or current threshold to a

                                                                       Page 66 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
