                         TRANSCRIPT
within two weeks works for Staff. Does it need to be 2 1/2? I mean, I just
want to make sure that that's realistic.

Ms. Gitelman: We're going to have poll for a Special Meeting date, and then
we're going to have the Staff work done. I think we're going to try for about
two weeks, and we'll see if that turns into ...

Council Member Wolbach:      Would approximately two weeks be okay with
everybody here?

Council Member Schmid: If we could have a little flexibility.

Council Member Wolbach: just a little wiggle room in case we need it ...

Council Member Schmid: So approximately in two weeks.

Council Member Wolbach: ... and in case Staff needs it. I just want to be
respectful of Staff.  I would suggest that we change it to within
approximately two weeks. I'd be fine with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part G, “with” with
“within approximately two weeks with.”

Council member Schmid: Let's then move to a vote. All in favor.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not done speaking yet. I'm sorry. If you want
my vote, I would suggest you let me finish.

Male: I want to hear Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: At this point, I'm going to double check a couple of
things. Thank you, Cory, for asking Mr. Beamer to come forward. Has he
left?

Council Member Wolbach: He's still here.

Council Member Kniss:         I'm going to ask him the same question.
Mr. Beamer, since you have sent us a variety of missives, you are saying
you are comfortable with the two areas that have been added which are
called "9" and "10" on our material that we had for tonight. You are
comfortable with those going into a regular RPP Program which allows one to
opt in or opt out of the program and to have permits. Am I correct?

Mr. Beamer: You're saying that would include nonresident commercial
parking to a certain level?
                                                                     Page 122 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
