                         TRANSCRIPT
and what's out there, what new technology now could meet the Enterprise
Resource Planning needs of the City that wasn't around in 2001 or 2009.
The vendor came back, and we interviewed many, many people across the
City. We looked out to the marketplace, and their recommendation that we
should go out to market, we should look at Option Three, and we should look
at an integrated system but with a separate utility billing solution. We'll
come back to that point in a few moments. We got the recommendation
from the vendor, but we decided that it was important that we take the
recommendation and process it as a City entity. We brought together
representatives from all departments, right from Director level all the way
down. After we debated the merits of their recommendation and the detail
to it, we also then brought it to the SAP Steering Committee at the City
who's made up of at the Director-level major stakeholders. That's when we
came up with the City Staff recommendation that we made to the Finance
Committee initially. One of the emerging recommendations that was not in
the Plante Moran report but that City Staff developed was this idea that you
don't necessarily have to go from a software system internally and look for
an identical software system that does the same things. We could actually
look to some of our processes to be done outside of the City rather than with
our software. That was a complicated way of saying we could look for
opportunities for using third-party managed services. An example of that—
this is simply an example—is today we use SAP for payroll, and we use City
Staff for payroll. As many of you know, payroll is something that can be
done by somebody else potentially at lower cost, easier and just as a
service. We thought it would be prudent for us to take a look at all the
range of processes we do and see if we could have them as managed
services versus buying the software for it. The Staff recommendation
ultimately was to do two things; to recommend to Finance Committee that
we spin up an effort to understand all our needs and look at a third-party
service to meet one or more of those needs, and to have the remaining met
by the acquisition of a new government-oriented system and a separate
utility billing system. That was our recommendations which we discussed
with the Finance Committee. They gave us some feedback, which I've
incorporated here, and now I'm bringing to your attention as our continued
recommendation. As I wrap up here, here's a quick overview of what we've
done, what we're doing and what we would like to do or recommend to do.
We started the entire process that we're now engaged in starting with the
budgeting process around 2013. Last year in March, we presented our
recommendations to the Finance Committee. I had hoped to do this
presentation in September, but other priorities for the Council got in the
way, and this kept getting kicked back a little bit, so we're here today in
February. Since we presented to the Finance Committee, we looked at
bringing in a firm to help us fully understand the needs of the City and then
look at the marketplace at the potential answers to our needs, potential
                                                                         Page 4 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
