                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gonzalez:    With only 53 parking spaces.     We haven't had any issues
there as well.

Ms. Lee: I just reiterate that all three of these projects received tax credit
funding in a competitive process. Briefly, some of our current projects. In
Mountain View, we will begin construction of 67 new units including veteran
housing on El Camino in early spring. In Redwood City, we are beginning to
conceptualize designs for 60 new units. In Palo Alto, we are completing a
full rehabilitation of 60 multifamily units at Colorado Park. This was actually
our first project built in 1972.

Ms. Gonzalez: This map just gives you a little bit of perspective of our
potential projects. Again, there's the Redwood City project on El Camino.
There's a Mountain View project on El Camino. We have potential sites also
on El Camino and on California Avenue or Park Boulevard actually. A little
bit more information on our existing projects. In Redwood City, we have
about a half-acre site where we plan on utilizing a community plan in place
to get 60 units. In Mountain View, to get the 67 units, we use their El
Camino precise plan. Again, that's 67 units on about half an acre. In Palo
Alto, we have very similar size parcels on El Camino, about half an acre.
Under existing zoning, we can only get 11 units, and that's with density
bonus. It makes it really hard to make that a financially feasible project.
More information on our Mountain View project just to give you a
perspective of what other cities are doing. Again, this was under a specific
plan. There were no density restrictions. We just used FAR, floor area ratio.
A 1.85 FAR was allowed plus they gave us a 25 percent density bonus over
the 1.85. We actually started out with a 45 to 49 unit project, but City
Council there encouraged us to increase the unit count. We then got to 60
units. When their parking study came back, they approved a 0.45 parking
study. They said, "Up it and go to 67 units." That's our final project, 67
approved units on about half an acre. Here's a picture of it. Again, it's a
0.45 parking ratio, 75 bike parking spaces. We're going to give out VTA Eco
Passes as well. We're starting construction this spring with 30 of the 67
units set aside for veterans. Everyone's really excited about it. It's going to
look great.

Ms. Lee: This is our Park Boulevard/California Avenue site. We're beginning
to explore some conceptual ideas for the rehabilitation and adding of new
units at our property here. It is shown in yellow; it's the yellow rectangle.
It's steps from the Caltrain station, VTA and Marguerite shuttles, also
walkable to two VTA bus lines with 10 to 15-minute headway. This site is a
TOD, transit-oriented development, per the regulations of tax credit funding.
It has terrific access to transit as well as neighborhood amenities. Per the
Pedestrian Transit Oriented Development (PTOD) Overlay established in
                                                                         Page 4 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
