                          TRANSCRIPT
separated bikeways.      They saw a fairly significant increase in bicycle
ridership as a result. Chicago being one of the cities that saw the largest
increases. I think this segment is a missing link in our network, especially
with the opening of the Stanford Perimeter Trail. It's basically connecting
two very high quality shared-use paths that are currently very disconnected.
This is one of the main gateways into Stanford. If you look down at the Park
Boulevard entrance into Stanford, you can see the number of cyclists that
are riding every morning into the campus. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw
similar numbers given that this is a very important gateway and really ties
into the heart of the Stanford campus.

Mayor Burt: In that vein, whether we have those estimated numbers or not,
Stanford has a constraint on peak hour trips into the campus. They've got a
very strong program to reduce trips for both that reason and because it
alleviates parking costs. Are they part of the planning of this?

Mr. Mello: They provided comments, which are included in your packet.
They would not take a position on one alternative over the other. They
provided very useful comments to us, and we'll bring them more into the
fold as we move forward on this project.

Mayor Burt: I think you had the data here. Out of these bike trips that
move in this section, what portion go onto the Stanford campus?

Mr. Black: Almost all of them go onto Galvez or come for Galvez. That's the
Stanford campus.

Mayor Burt: There's a lot that go to Town and Country as a destination or
over to Paly. I was trying to break that down.

Mr. Black: Of the ones that are riding up and down Embarcadero, almost all
of them went to Stanford. The ones that go to Paly use the crossing by the
railroad tracks, the bridge there. They just ...

Mayor Burt: They actually get there from—many of them get there from
going under the underpass, looping back to that.

Mr. Black: That's what they did. They went under the underpass, and then
they looped back.

Mayor Burt: If we're saying the project emanates from Emerson and goes
all the way to El Camino, I think a good number do have Paly or Town and
Country as destinations. I take it that most are Stanford. If most of those
trips are going to Stanford, is Stanford offering to participate financially in
this in any way?
                                                                        Page 74 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
