                         TRANSCRIPT
would be vulnerable and already are, they chose that first. The idea is still
to do all of it eventually.

Mr. Teresi: I would add that I think we kind of have a parallel with what's
happened on San Francisquito Creek. Initially, when the JPA was looking at
solving that flood threat, they were looking to the Corps as the means of
doing that. In time, it came to light that that process is so cumbersome and
takes such a long time that the JPA instead adopted a local approach. That's
sort of the same thing that's happening with respect to tidal flooding. We
could wait for this South Bay shoreline study, but instead the JPA's vision is
a more locally funded project called the SAFER project. Their vision is once
we get to the point where we've identified what the best approach would be
for providing that tidal flood protection, they would go out and do a ballot
measure and do a self-funded tidal levee project. It's going to be of a
magnitude that's going to be beyond the ability of any of the cities to fund
on their own. If we wait for the Corps, that will probably result in a very
long wait. The JPA's approach is to identify what's needed, find the locally
acceptable alternative, and then self-fund by some kind of assessment or
tax.

Council Member DuBois: Kind of a related question. Is anybody responsible
for protecting Highway 101? It's kind of the same story, that it'll take so
long for the State to do it, we need to do it locally.

Mr. Teresi: I don't think that approach would be successful.

Council Member DuBois: Will FEMA take into account—you said they didn't
really consider sea level rise, so all of these plans would be considered when
they look at their next generation of maps for houses west of 101.

Mr. Teresi: The thing with FEMA is FEMA's maps are not to identify ultimate
levels of protection. They're done for flood insurance purposes, so it is then
to identify the areas of current risk. Anything that we build would have to
meet their standard. FEMA itself is not a levee building organization.

Council Member DuBois: That's what I was asking about, the insurance. On
the SAFER Bay project, you mentioned that the permitting is a challenge.
I'm just wondering if we should be considering policies to ask our State
lobbyist to make that easier, particularly for ecotone-type levees.

Ms. Struve: The pilot that Ora Loma is working on took six years to permit
and four months to build. Everyone was excited about it, so they're already
thinking about what can be done to streamline that approach so that it
doesn't take six years. We don't have that much time.

                                                                       Page 13 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
