                         TRANSCRIPT
way to build a bridge between the art experience and the social service
agency connection which has also been the challenge, how do we lure, in the
best sense of the word, our homeless community to take advantage of the
social service benefits that we're trying to use to get them out of
homelessness.

Council Member Holman: You had talked about the retail advantages, the
commercial advantages. Is there any evidence or numbers that could be
applied to retail areas that have more visual stimulation or more graphic
elements to them or more lighting? Some of the things that we've talked
about here for some time as enlivening our alleyways and some lighting
Downtown in appropriate places. Do you have comments about—I even
have been thinking the last several months about if we could provide some
funding to help some of the retailers with their window displays. This
country compared to Europe is not very advanced in terms of our window
design. Are there any ways to measure kind of the advantage in terms of
the businesses or sales tax dollars or whatever that an improved arts
component to the retail districts might provide?

Mr. Watson: We'll both speak to that.

Mr. Cohen: This actually kind of relates back to your question about the
cultural districts which are defined geographic districts, usually in the
downtown typically. Communities have, they are very deliberate to make
sure that if a business is vacant, they may do like a phantom gallery, what
they call, where there's an art exhibit in the window. You've got to keep the
energy going if you're walking downtown. People have to feel safe, and it
has to be well lit. It has to be connected with hotels and restaurants and
the arts organizations. In communities where that's happening, they're
seeing lower vacancy rates. There's been a couple looks at assessed
property values, that type of thing. The property area becomes more
desirable as well because it becomes more of a destination. There are some
strategies and a number of publications now on building these cultural
districts to get to some of those outcomes.

Council Member Holman: What might be more applicable to this community
where we don't have much of a vacancy? I was speaking more to like how
we can enhance what we have through cultural visual arts.

Mr. Watson: There's a relatively new national organization called Art Place.
Art Place has worked hard to try to think of creating an index, if you will,
what they call the vibrancy index. I know they have a lot of inputs to
looking at those communities that are using creative place-making. That is
a term that we use now to get at the things that you're talking about. What

                                                                       Page 9 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
