                         TRANSCRIPT
10.   PUBLIC HEARING: Updates to the Energy Reach Code: an Ordinance
      Repealing and Restating Chapter 16.17 of the Palo Alto Municipal Code
      to Adopt the 2016 California Energy Code, Title 24, Chapter 6, of the
      California Code of Regulations, and Local Amendments.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we're going to proceed with Item Number 10,
which is a public hearing on updates to the Energy Reach Code, an
ordinance repealing and restating Chapter 16.17 of the Municipal Code to
instead adopt the 2016 California Energy Code, Title 24, Chapter 6.
Welcome Mr. Pirnejad.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: Thank you, Mayor. Good
evening, Council Members. I am delighted to be in front of you today. This
has been a long time in the coming. We've been working on this Reach
Code for many months, almost a year. It's amazing how much effort and
community participation and collaboration we've had on this. I'm absolutely
delighted to be here. We have a group of speakers. That is the Motion
before you. It'll repeat it at the end of the presentation. As far as a quick
outline, I won't go over this twice. I'll keep you on the edge of your seat.
Let me first give you a quick introduction to our speakers. Myself, Director
of Development Services, happy to be here. To my right is Ed Mazria,
founder and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Architecture 2030. Some of
you may have heard of him. He is a world-renowned speaker, educator and
runs a think tank around energy efficiency and reducing carbon in building.
He participated in the Conference of Parties (COP) 21 in Paris. He was
successful in actually getting an entire day dedicated to carbon and
buildings. He was the keynote speaker at that event in Paris, and since then
has been working in collaboration with cities and thought leaders around the
world trying to identify creative ways to eliminate carbon in buildings,
improve efficiency and essentially attack the carbon equation and the
climate change equation from our built environment. I'm delighted to have
him with us. Next to him is Farhad Farahmand from TRC Solutions, energy
consultants. Farhad has been instrumental in our efforts to do the cost-
effectiveness analysis for this effort, which is essentially a revision to our
Title 24 Part 6 Energy Code. We're essentially asking the Council tonight to
make the findings necessary to raise the bar, if you will, require more
efficiency of our buildings. This is the practice that we've had since 2007.
The California Energy Commission, who is the body that is in charge of our
Energy Code, asks that we do a cost-effectiveness study, which we have
done. It's in the packet before you tonight. To his right is Melanie and
company. Melanie, she comes bearing gifts, multiple gifts. We were very
lucky to keep her this long. I'm extremely delighted that she's still here.
We were inches away from losing her. She runs Integrated Design 360.
She's been a faithful soldier in this and other energy efficiency. If you
                                                                       Page 84 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
