                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Again, we're laypeople. If you wanted to put the question to
the experts retained by Stanford or to DTSC, I think the Council could do so.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll put the question, if it's all right with you, to DTSC.
The question I just asked.

Jovanne Villamater, DTSC: Hello, my name's Jovanne Villamater. I'm the
Project Manager with the Department of Toxic Substances Control. Is there
a specific question that you would ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah. The specific question is what we're asked to do
tonight, which is approve the subdivision map act. I saw no connection
between doing that and the concerns in College Terrace. My understanding
is College Terrace neighbors have submitted to DTSC their samples, their
information. I guess I wanted to—I saw no connection between the two. If
I'm missing something—I'm not an expert in this area and Staff say's they're
not either. Is there a connection between the two or do they run on
separate tracks? What happens?

Ms. Villamater: From DTSC's perspective, we have two things going on
here. We have the site and whether or not the site has been characterized
and the risk assessment is accurate for how the site is right now. There is a
concern about whether or not there is an impact on the neighboring
community. At this point in time, we do have the information from the
community, and we are still evaluating it. We intend to respond to their
report via comments and questions and just a general dialog to understand
how their study was conducted. However, I do not think that whatever we
discover in the neighborhood would impact the decision already made on the
site. If we were to find out that there is an impact on the neighborhood, we
would figure out a way to try to mitigate what's going on. I do not see that
impacting the decision made that there is no significant risk with respect to
the development that was planned.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Approving this would in no way be a negative for the
neighborhood or impact them in a worse way or make things worse or
anything like that (crosstalk)?

Ms. Villamater: I do not see that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Ms. Villamater: He wants to say something.

Mr. Piros: One thing I'd just like to add too. As far as this being a separate
issue, not saying it's—the detections in College Terrace are separate from
                                                                         Page 40 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
