                          TRANSCRIPT
and do various things. That kind of leads me into something I heard from a
coworker today which is—a number of ideas are kind of going to sprout
through here.     One is to have EV charging at emergency rooms and
hospitals. You have your EV for your planned trips, and you know your
work; you know where your chargers are. You don't plan a trip to the
emergency room. In terms of your security blanket, that's a good spot to
look at. Medical offices of course, but hospitals and emergency rooms are a
good start there. Carbon pricing, do it. When you're looking at taking
things off of gas, look at retail outlets. If a guy goes to replace his water
heater, the water heater service gives him the gas water heater or the
standard electric. Maybe at the Home Depot, the Lowe's, the other retailers,
we need things like here's the gas stuff, but if you're in Palo Alto, let's do the
electric. Let's make sure that the electric lawn mowers, the electric water
heaters are out in front, not the gas out in front of the window as people
walk by. It's real hard not to get excited when I'm in Palo Alto. This is
really great stuff. I happened to have brought my own little lithium pack
here for my own little micro-grid power supply. This is just a wave of the
future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is David Moss. Welcome.

David Moss: I'm absolutely amazed at this wonderful list here. I've never
seen a list like this, and I'm a homeowner like everybody here. I would love
to see this list and six things I could do as a homeowner for each of these,
especially the electrifying the space heating, electrifying the water heating.
Those kind of things, I'd like to see that tomorrow. I know you have that
information and, I think, if you want to get to your goal as fast as possible,
educating the residents and doing it repeatedly, I think, will get you
tremendous momentum right out of the gate. If you could do that, that
would be wonderful. I can also mention drought-tolerant landscaping. I'm
seeing people starting to grow their lawns again. I think that that's actually
crazy. If there's anything we can do to educate the residential homeowners
to do drought-tolerant landscaping as well, that would be fantastic. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. Thank you
all very much. I think everybody who spoke tonight was at our Summit
yesterday. Thanks to you and everybody else for participating in that. I
think a really great event. Let's return to the Council. One of the things
that we should maybe just check in on is a time check. We have one more
significant Item tonight; one more Item, and it is significant, and that's a
Study Session on our Parks, Trails, Natural Open Space and Recreation
Master Plan. We have budgeted around an hour and a half. It might take
less than that, and it depends in part on how we want to divvy up our time.
                                                                          Page 66 of 113
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 1/25/16
