                          TRANSCRIPT
students. We want the numbers of people who bike and walk to grow, but
they need a safe place on the street. This plan provides that. The
improvements in Alternative 1 are an excellent response to the needs of all
road users at this challenging location. I want to thank City Staff for their
rigorous community outreach. This is a good plan. Thank you, City Council,
for considering my comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Amie Ashton to be followed by Elaine Uang.

Amie Ashton: I'll make this quick too. Just anecdotally I was at Sawyer
Camp a few weeks ago, which is off 280. I don't know if anyone's ever gone
up there. I went there for a run. I couldn't believe that on a Saturday
morning I had to park almost a mile from the trailhead for all the people and
families and kids that had driven there to bike. It was just unbelievable. At
first, I was excited and this is fun and everyone's here. Then, I thought this
is the saddest thing ever, that all these people have to get in their cars, load
their bikes in, load their kids in and drive to go enjoy a protected bike path.
I'm happy to support any bicycle improvements. I bike daily. I drive maybe
once a month because I live in a community that supports these kind of
improvements. I'm here to support Alternative 1. Keep these connections
going. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Elaine Uang to be followed by Bruce—I'm sorry, I
can't make it out.

Elaine Uang: Thank you. Really excited to see this. This is a very
innovative and potentially great addition. Four comments since I've already
written in. I think Alternative 1 is a much safer alternative. I know a lot of
you have been deliberating on Alternative 2 and the car improvement. I
also wanted to encourage you to think about the potential bike and
automobile conflicts that might arise with Alternative 2, even if there might
be some time improvements to automobile traffic. Second, biking to shop,
especially even to Trader Joe's, is increasing. I'd hope that you would
consider cargo bikes, trailers, tricycles and different types of cycles that are
now being used for everyday activities and to make sure that access for
those types of cycles is preserved even at the underpass. Mayor Burt, I do
really like your suggestion for the two-way cycle track on the north side. I
think that is the natural way for people to head back up to the
neighborhoods. I think also given that these improvements don't connect all
the way to Bryant Street, I think that's actually a more stress-free way to
access the Bryant Street Bicycle Boulevard, preserving that two-way cycle
track on the north side. Finally, regardless of whatever option you pursue, I
would love to encourage you to think about wayfinding as a crucial
component of this, especially as the final design comes forward, especially

                                                                         Page 81 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
