                          TRANSCRIPT
remodel, here's what one should be respectful of. We can't require it
because we don't have the Ordinance to do that. We need to give clear
guidance as to what the community and the City expects. Reminder that
our Comprehensive Plan is literally littered with goals and policies about the
importance of our historic character and our historic resources, our cultural
resources. It's not that this is some kind of standalone effort or endeavor.
The Ramona Street Historic Street Downtown is about the highest rent area
that we have. It's the only part of town that we can absolutely require
retention and restoration according to the Secretary Standards. It's the only
place, and look how successful it is. I feel like I need to say just a couple of
things about what's happening in Professorville right now. Maybe from lack
of guidance, maybe from lack of understanding, maybe from disconnects
between Planning and Building, maybe disconnects between architects and
contractors, what we have happening and have had happening for the last
few years in Professorville is we have buildings that are literally being taken
apart. Some of our earliest, earliest homes in Professorville have been
taken apart stick by stick and rebuilt, not demolished by a bulldozer, but
really rebuilt. It's exactly what the opponents of Preservation Ordinance in
the past did not want to see happen. They said they did not want to see
false historicism and did not want to see Professorville become Disneyland,
but that's exactly what's happening now. For me it's why these Guidelines
need to give clear guidance. It's for property owner, homeowners, HRB.
Planning Staff knows. It's also, I would hope, for the Building Department to
try to close the gap between what's anticipated and what's expected. We
have a National Register District that, to my mind, is maybe even in
jeopardy of not surviving, because of what's happening today. If we don't
set clearly forth what the goals are of even the Guidelines, what we expect
and hope for, for the District and projects in the District, how can we ever
possibly say, "I wish that hadn't happened there." It's on us that something
better didn't happen if we don't give the best guidance and clearest guidance
that we possibly can. To speak to some of Mr. Akin's and some of Chair
Bernstein's comments as well. The earlier version of this that I saw did have
a recommendation—it got published—to require any new single-story home
to go through Individual Review. It was one way to get design standards
and hopefully help eliminate some demolition in Professorville. Again, the
Council can always makes a statement of overriding considerations, but that
was eliminated.      The advantage of that is we lost—I can name one
specifically. At the corner of Lincoln and Emerson, there was a National
Register house that was removed with no review, because it was replaced by
a single-story home. That could happen anywhere. The places where it
won't happen is where the homes are large enough that nobody would be
able to replace that square footage, except that they are replacing that
square footage by taking houses apart stick by stick, 2-by-4 by 2-by-4,
rafter by rafter. If you go through Professorville, you'll see it over and over
                                                                         Page 70 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
