                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Sue-Ellen just corrected me. It's 30 percent of permit holders
show up at any given point in time, not 50.

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk)

Mr. Mello: It's a factor of 30 times 30.

Council Member DuBois: Are you selling twice as many or three times as
many as you'd expect to show up?

Ms. Atkinson: Let me see if I can clear that up a little bit. When we're
looking at the total in each zone, we calculated the total number of available
spaces on-street. That is anything that's not driveway, red curb, existing
parking restriction. Of that total, say there were 100 available spaces; 30
percent was applied to that, 30-40 percent roughly. That's the number of
employee permits that are available in that zone. Having to get a total of
2,000, it did vary between 30-40 percent of available spaces to determine
the number of employee permits per zone. That said, say in Zone 1 for
example there are 75 permits. Seventy-five employees are not necessarily
parking there each day. From data collection in Downtown garages, etc.,
and data from elsewhere in the City and outside, about 50 percent of permit
holders tend to park on any given day.

Council Member DuBois: We oversell. We sell twice as many because we
only expect half of them to show up. Is that ...

Ms. Atkinson: Roughly.

Council Member DuBois: Is that not correct? What Josh said was correct.
With 100 spots, we would sell 60 permits and expect 30 people to show up
on any given day?

Ms. Atkinson: If there are 100 spaces on-street, we allocated between 30
and 40 of those as employee permits. There would be 30-40 employee
permits sold in that zone. Of those, we expect about half of those people
would park on any given day.

Mr. Mello: Fifteen to 20 would park on any given day.

Council Member DuBois: It's the other way. That's useful clarification. My
last question was do we have any idea what the demand is. Is there
demand for additional permits? You said we're sold out in some zones, but
then other zones you said we have permits left. Have we basically met
demand right now?


                                                                       Page 74 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
