                          TRANSCRIPT
retail, for instance, on Cal. Ave. and not wanting to see a monoculture of
one particular thing just taking over an entire street, whether that's just
restaurants or just gyms or just nail salons. Within that broader definition of
retail, as long as it's not a complete monoculture, I'm not comfortable with
saying, at least at this point—I don't really understand this move towards
core retail in our Downtown core versus a slightly broader definition in the
periphery. It sounds like the core retail definition that I’m hearing some
allusions to would be really restrictive. I'm wondering are we going to say
that the President Hotel barbershop, because it's on University, shouldn't be
there. Are we going to say is the Stanford Theatre not strictly retail, so it
shouldn't be on University? A yoga studio or a gym, as long as they're not
taking over the whole street but one or two, on a main Downtown street
adds a lot of vibrancy, adds a destination that people go to. They leave a
yoga studio or gym hungry, and they go spend money whether it's at Molly
Stone's or at a restaurant.        I just don't see the need to be that
micromanaging. I'm not going to be looking for a long-term ordinance that
really micromanages in that way. I think the goals are—at least what I see
people are demanding in the community when it comes to retail is we don't
lose a vibrant street and we don't lose our local businesses and we don't lose
our retail in the broad sense and just see it all converted to office. If we
keep that in mind, I don't think that micromanaging is really the way to go.
There was an interesting proposal to exempt for 100 percent residential.
This might surprise people, but I'm not even sure that I'm on board with
that. There might be places where that would be okay. Maybe that's the
question of core versus periphery. Maybe that's where on the periphery we
allow an exemption if you do go full residential or (inaudible) kinds of
residential.    I kind of wanted to ask the question, because maybe I
misheard. I thought I heard Council Member Holman say that schools create
dead zones. I'd wonder if the businesses at Town and Country that enjoy so
much patronage from Paly students at lunch time, after school would agree
with that. Maybe I misunderstood. I don't want to misrepresent your
comments. The idea that schools aren't good for local business—I know
we're going to go back to her. I just want to say that I don't see schools as
inherently negative. Again, what I do see as negative is monoculture. If
everything in Midtown got turned into an SAT prep site, that's not what we
want. It's really, for me, having the diversity. I'll leave my comments at
that for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to thank Staff for working through this and
toeing the line. I think the question we're faced with is how do we
distinguish between greed and hardship. How do we tell the difference?
Retail protection of ground-floor space isn't going to have any effect if we
                                                                       Page 76 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
