                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: I remember this from Finance last year. Is there
anything material different tonight versus when it came to Finance? You
talked about the possibility of managed services being part of this. What are
the big differences, if any?

Mr. Reichental: Between the Finance Committee and tonight?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah.

Mr. Reichental: Actually they're the same presentation but with more detail
based on what we've been doing since.

Council Member Filseth: I asked all my questions at the Finance Committee
meeting last year, so I won't ask any more.

Mr. Reichental: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I will note as a follow-up to Council Member Schmid's question,
this did go through the Finance Committee. Actually Council Member
Schmid, you remarked that the first thing to be done was to get a planning
vendor. It's not just that the Council is looking at it, but we as a Council are
relying on what the Finance Committee had reviewed previously, and we're
accepting that.

Council Member Schmid: I'll make the point, though, it was only a Study
Session at the Finance Committee. It's only a Study Session tonight. There
was no formal vote. It was just feedback.

Mayor Burt: I understand that. As the City Manager stated, if there was an
indication that there was an objection by the Council or a significant number
of members of the Council, we could pull that item and have that as an
Action Item. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I actually just wanted to say ditto to Council
Member Holman's suggestion of touching base with the City Auditor. It
might not hurt, but I'll leave it to you all to figure out. It might not hurt to
touch base as well with the City Attorney and City Clerk to see if there's
opportunities to collaborate or any feedback.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to say I did appreciate this went to
Finance. There were a lot of questions asked in the minutes. I think that's
really helpful if anyone wants to look at those. I do think that obviously the
status quo doesn't seem to make any sense. That doesn't even seem like a
path we can seriously consider as a City. Correct me if I'm wrong. What
                                                                          Page 12 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
