                          TRANSCRIPT
affordable housing go better by, first of all, trying to get the companies that
have large workforces to have one bedroom at least for every worker. I
think that would go a long way. There are some other populations that
could be taken care of without Measure A funds. The veterans, I think,
should be housed by all of us, the whole country which owes a great debt to
them. The seniors, who have a guaranteed pension plan, which will pay for
a certain amount of housing and could. Thanks. I did forget to mention
Stanford, but that's part of having the workers next to their work. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Burt: Now, let's return to the Council for any additional comments on
just these sections that are related to Stanford development. Who would
like to go first?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is it just Stanford or Citywide?

Mayor Burt: It's related to Stanford. It's Citywide related to Stanford and
things specific to Stanford. Anyone want to go first? Council Member
Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Really specifically related to Stanford, it was
alluded to earlier, mentioned kind of in passing earlier, the question of
whether there is a future for more housing at the Stanford Research Park.
There is a little bit around the corner but not a lot. The question of whether
there's an opportunity for more in the future and whether there's an
opportunity for mixed use to add housing at the Stanford Shopping Center.
I would be excited to see at least in the Comprehensive Plan a call-out for
initiating a real open and serious dialog with Stanford about those future
opportunities. I don't think we're at the point where we should necessarily
be calling for those to be pursued, that we definitely want to see
neighborhoods developed there or the shopping center turned into mixed
use, housing over retail. At least, I think there's an opportunity for a lot of
mutual benefit. I'd like to pursue that conversation. I hope that Stanford
will be open to that if that does happen. I just want to make sure I'm
respectful of Council Member DuBois but don't put him in a tricky spot. I
just want to ask the Mayor or City Attorney just for a couple of examples,
just to make sure I'm really clear on what are the things of these
controversial issues that have been brought, what are some that we might
want to talk about now before Council Member DuBois comes back in.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: We're looking for, for example, nonresidential
growth limits on Stanford lands in the Research Park or Citywide
nonresidential growth limits that would include the Research Park as an
element, for example.

                                                                       Page 71 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
