                         TRANSCRIPT
development that is not non-conforming to enhance the property as it
currently is without encroaching into the 50-foot setback other than what it
is. Again, that's much greener usually than re-developing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I appreciate the comments I've heard from my
Colleagues. I'll just make a couple of quick comments now kind of looping
back as I started this. I just want to check. If we reduce the setback, that
makes it easier to add a parking garage underneath. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes. I think the Council could take above the ground and below
the ground perspective on evaluating that, so that you can ensure that
there's a better efficiency of the parking area.

Council Member Wolbach: Because the current setback applies to any
underground garage. Right?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: You can't even build a garage underneath that
setback area.      It's not just surface area that's prohibited; it's the
underground. I'm as big a fan as anyone of TDM measures and reducing car
trips. The parking's also a big issue. That's just something else that maybe
makes me slightly more sympathetic to reducing the setback. I'm also less
interested in a variance than in a legislative solution if we do change the
special setback for that parcel or for the street as a whole. I guess the fact
that it is a very different shaped parcel than the ones around it is probably
the best argument in favor of reducing the setback. Again, I'm not totally
sold on that yet. That's probably the strongest argument for me. I'm still
open to (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I support the comments which say let's take a
look at the whole package and what it means both trip and density and
aesthetics of the setback.

Mayor Burt: Before hearing from the public, I want to ask one kind of
follow-up, process question. Actually two related ones. First if we were to
do this as a legislative change action, would there be any ability for us to
have this contingent on—if we removed it from the 50-foot setback, where
would have the ability to link project design favorable elements to it as
opposed to if it's under a variance and it would be potentially conditioned on
project elements?
                                                                       Page 45 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
