                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Not to Council, as an informational item that would go
in a packet, is that what you're asking for? Are you asking for a little data
set that says how much water has been—I'm just unclear what you want.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I would like—the numbers that were
shown to us tonight said 16 homes last year generated as much storm drain
water as all residences in the City.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I think the maker of the Motion or the
seconder is asking what form you want this. As an informational item?

Council Member Schmid:     It would be with an informational item that the
Council can respond to.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask another question. If we did have that, wouldn't it
be more appropriate to have it at the end of the storm water pumping
season, whatever lag time Staff needs after that, rather than midpoint in
that season?

Mr. Bobel: Exactly. That's what I would suggest. We're more than happy
to come back.       Remember we didn't have meters on the year that
Mr. Bennett is talking about, the previous year. He's made some estimates
based on numbers that we've discussed with him. We don't have any better
estimates. The scale is right. It is a large number. The scale for that
previous year is—that data you saw, the scale is correct, the order of
magnitude is correct. All the time in the world wouldn't let us better
estimate that past year. The current year, we're going to have better data—
the current water year or pumping year, dry season. The current dry season
will end in October. A couple of months after that ...

Council Member Schmid: Maybe.

Mr. Bobel: ... we'd be able to sum it up and give you an update on that year
that has just ended.

Mayor Burt: Do you think by year end?

Mr. Bobel: Yeah.

Mayor Burt: In December?

Mr. Bobel: Yeah.

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Schmid, are you okay with revising the
timeframe?

                                                                       Page 25 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
