                          TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

8.    Direction to Expand Community Use of Upcoming Space at Cubberley
      Community Center Following Foothill College's Planned Move and
      Approval of Exemption Under California Environmental Quality Act.

Mayor Burt: We will now move to our first Action Item, which is Item
Number 8, the Foothill College termination of the lease of the Cubberley
Community Center and future leasing of the available upcoming site and
approval of an exemption under California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA).

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Good evening, Mayor Burt,
Council Members. Rob de Geus, Director of Community Services. Glad to
be here this evening. I'm joined here by Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real
Estate Manager from Administrative Services Department (ASD). We also
have Adam Howard in the audience, who's the day-to-day manager of the
Cubberley Community Center. We also have Lisa Hendrickson, who's the
capital campaign manager and longtime Executive Director of Avenidas, in
the audience this evening. Community Services and Administrative Service,
Community Services Department (CSD), has worked closely together on this
project of Foothill College leaving Cubberley. This evening, we're asking
Council to do three things. One is to amend the 1991 Cubberley Master Plan
to provide additional public benefit uses in the spaces that Foothill College
occupied. They're designated as education spaces; we'd like to see that
expanded to other nonprofit and public uses.            We're also asking for
authorization of approval for a rate of $1 per square foot for Avenidas for a
temporary teen center during the time of their construction. The last action
is to adopt a finding that these actions are exempt from CEQA. We have
several overriding goals related to Cubberley, and I put four of them here
that are important, I know, to the Council. The first two relate to Foothill
College leaving, and that is the first bullet, to continue to provide valued
community services in the spaces formerly occupied by Foothill College. The
second is to maintain existing lease payments and generate sufficient
revenue to continue those payments to the School District, which I know is
important to both the Council and the School District. The second two goals
relate to longer-term planning of Cubberley, to continue to strategically
invest in Cubberley infrastructure and set aside funds for future potential
rebuilding of the site, and finally to develop a Master Plan for the entire
campus in partnership with the Unified School District. This evening, we're
really focusing on Foothill College leaving, but we'll provide a brief update on
the long-term planning of Cubberley as well.             Some background for
orientation. Foothill College leased 39,000 square feet exclusively and
18,485 square feet nonexclusively. Foothill College moves out of Cubberley
                                                                         Page 10 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
