                          TRANSCRIPT
think this building is now a real community gem. The building was both
literally and figuratively taken out of the mud of a process and restored to
real grandeur and a facility that I think the community will treasure for
decades and decades to come. Thank you very much to Environmental
Volunteers for just a great project and really in the tradition of a number of
community public-private partnerships such as the Children's Library
expansion and renovation, the Magical Bridge Playground more recently and
even the Heritage Park playground which started off the Friends of the Palo
Alto Parks movement. I'd also like to discuss this concept of what Council
Member DuBois expressed as a concern about creating a precedent by using
and following an Ordinance that we have. I actually would argue the
opposite. I would argue that not following this Ordinance would be a
precedent on a couple of levels. Not that we don't have discretion as to
whether to use TDRs or not, but first there was a prior Council Action that
had determined to use the TDRs. That's reversible. I just think it's not good
governance to use what may be opposition to a policy and an Ordinance as a
basis to change a prior Council Action, and essentially look for ways to do
backdoor changes to Ordinances rather than front-door changes. I think
that it's entirely appropriate for the Council to be able to reconsider policy at
any time. We've had discussion about where we should be going with TDRs,
and I think that's completely valid. I don't agree with a process whether on
this one or we had a discussion, I think, last week that was similar on a
different aspect on the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) analysis,
to use a specific project as a way to set policy that hasn't been reconsidered
as policy. That's the way we should govern. We have a responsibility to
govern in a responsible way, not simply our own personal preferences at any
given time. I think those are really important governance issues for us to
bear in mind in the consideration of this. I would have no problem at all
with us looking at a reconsideration of where we go in our TDRs. We already
have made one major adjustment of not allowing a parking exemption any
longer at the recipient sites. I did have one other question on just this
bathroom location. I'm trying to remember whether the duck pond has or
had bathrooms.

Mr. Perez: I don't believe there's a bathroom there.

Mayor Burt: And there never was? I seem to have this memory of being a
6 year old and getting relief there.  Mr. Berkowitz, I think you were
indicating you have an answer.

Mr. Perez: Hamid says there is a port-a-potty.

Mr. Berkowitz: There is a port-a-potty at the duck pond. All previous
conversations with City Staff and Parks, etcetera, Community Services, the

                                                                              Page 21 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
