                          TRANSCRIPT
by 250 residents of our neighborhood. Our neighborhood is now at risk of
becoming the Evergreen Park commuter parking zone ironically as a
consequence of efforts to mitigate inbound car commuting and encouraged
use of public transit to and from the so-called transportation rich and rapidly
developing California Avenue business district. First, high-priced Stanford
parking permits and second the promotion of increasing growth in Caltrain
ridership not only inbound to Palo Alto but outbound. Stanford commuters
and Caltrain riders are increasingly parking in our neighborhood to avoid
Stanford and Caltrain Station parking fees. That leaves Evergreen Park as
the only free and convenient all-day and all-night alternative for parking
that's available. This is out of balance and it makes no sense. We ask the
Council for our help tonight before the Evergreen parking lot is a fact on the
ground that would predictably spur an expensive, time-consuming and
contentious process in search of mitigation, one that we believe is likely to
leave our little neighborhood materially and negatively impacted no matter
what. This does not have to be. Allowing all Evergreen residents to decide
whether they want to join the College Terrace RPP is practical, it's fair and
it's cost-effective. This RPP is established, it is successful, and Evergreen
Park was intended to be part of it. No costly studies or consultants or heavy
City Staff workload should be required. Much of the work has already been
done. Our City Manager has said that most of us living in Palo Alto should
not be concerned, should actually be unconcerned with the direction of
change in our City, because it will have no impact on 85 percent of our
neighborhoods. Maybe he's right, and maybe he's not, but we're pretty darn
sure that our tiny corner of Palo Alto is right in the middle of the 15 percent
that will be affected and impacted whether that's 15 percent, 10 percent, or
20 percent. We'd like to make it clear that we're not NIMBYs. We have no
wish to pass this problem onto other places in the community. Tiny
Evergreen Park should not by default suffer this unreasonable burden
because of action taken ironically and supposedly to reduce the very
problem we now face. In closing, we would like to ask you to do the right
thing. What we mean by that is to be responsive to the proposal we're
submitting tonight and to be responsive in a direct and timely way. We
would like you to vote on allowing us to vote ourselves on whether we join
this RPP. More than anything, we would like you not to abide by any
arguments or cases that are made to make our proposal seem more
nuanced and complex than it actually is. However you vote, that's fine. We
just want you to vote so we know that you will be responsive to us and a
decision will be made and we know where we stand. With that, I would
thank you for your consideration and say good evening.

Mayor Burt: Thank you all for attending. Just for future reference, one of
the things that we do is discourage applause or booing because it actually
intimidates people who may want to come and speak, who may have a
                                                                        Page 23 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
