                          TRANSCRIPT
connection through the Caltrain station parking lot in order to minimize the
impacts on on-street parking. Just a final announcement and update on the
Page Mill Road/I-280 interchange open house that County Supervisor Joe
Simitian will be hosting on April 20th to present a proposed Interim Bike
Improvement Plan at the Page Mill and I-280 interchange and solicit public
comment. The meeting will take place at 6:00 P.M. in the Council Chambers
at Los Altos Hills Town Hall located at 26379 Fremont Road in Los Altos Hills.
The Planning and Community Environment Department is hosting a one-day
pop-up event to present the Matadero Creek greenway for a day. The
Matadero Creek channel will be open to the public on April 23rd from 1:00
P.M. to 5:00 P.M. between Waverley Street and Cowper Street, that short
section, so our community can get a better feel for the proposed trail
corridor. This is just a portion of that corridor. I did want to share that the
City Council's public hearing on the Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
for the Comprehensive (Comp.) Plan Update is being rescheduled from
April 25th, which would have been your next meeting, to June 6th, which
will result in an extension of the time period for public and agency comments
on the Draft Environmental Impact Report. The EIR was published on
February 5th, 2016, and the public comment period is now scheduled to
close at the end of business on Wednesday, June 8th, 2016, two days after
the City Council's public hearing. Those who are interested in the Comp. Plan
Update process are encouraged to review the Draft EIR and provide either
oral comments at the City Council's public hearing on June 6th or written
comments by the end of the comment period as mentioned. All substantive
comments on the Draft EIR will be responded to in a Final EIR which must be
prepared and certified before a final action can be taken on the
Comprehensive Plan Update itself. Members of the public wishing to provide
input on parameters of the Fifth Scenario that the Council has asked Staff to
prepare and come back to Council, if you want to make comments on that
scenario prior to the preparation of the Final EIR, are also encouraged to
attend the Council meeting of May 16th. The fifth scenario analysis will be
circulated for public comments this fall, and responses to those comments
will also be included in the Final EIR. We moved the Draft EIR off several
weeks, actually more than a month, in order to follow the Fifth Scenario
discussion. As the Council's aware, the Interim Ordinance establishing an
annual limit of 50,000 square feet of new Office and Retail & Development
(R&D) space was successful in tempering requests for new entitlements this
Fiscal Year (FY), and the 50,000-square-foot threshold was not reached by
March 31st as the requirements of your decision had laid out. As a result,
there are three separate projects which collectively total less than 50,000
square feet, which will be approved by the Planning Director over the next
two weeks based on recommendations by the Architectural Review Board
(ARB). These decisions will become final unless they are appealed to City
Council. On May 2nd, the Council is also scheduled to consider a site and
                                                                           Page 4 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
