                          TRANSCRIPT
and the way we look at it, this is what it means. I just don't have that math
background to really know. That's sort of my broad thoughts on it. I guess
to finally fold that up, I'd love to know if what we should maybe doing—not
actually this year, but in the future—is choose a few areas for the following
survey and ask ourselves where would we like to get better data, where we
would like to know why people say what they do, and then follow up. If
there are particular areas that people think that this looks significant, why
are people saying this and what do they want to change, that would be
helpful maybe. I also wanted to look at signal timing on this stuff. In 2015,
47 percent of the people said that traffic signal timing which was not that
good, even though back in 2012 it was at 47 percent and then it jumped up
to 53. In 2006, it had been 55. In 2007, it had been 60. I guess traffic
signal timing seems to me something we could fix. I thought we'd been
working a lot on traffic signal timing. I guess the question is, is there a lot
more we can do on traffic signal timing. Obviously mobility I take out of this
is a huge issue. Is that something that would make a huge difference in
getting people around? If so, should we be putting more resources into it?
Can anyone answer that question, tell me what we've been doing?

Mr. Keene: Very quickly, Mr. Vice Mayor, Council Members. We really have
just completed this $2 million investment in our traffic signal system and are
in the position of just beginning to look at how we could better coordinate
and also collect better data to do those sorts of things. I would say this in
the same way that you would question your own statistical abilities, my own
abilities in traffic engineering are also really sketchy. I do know that over
the next couple of years we will be in a position to be able to make
improvements in our signal timing and to be much more flexible and
adaptive. How we convert that and actually measure that against a whole
background issue of other variables that could play into traffic flow, that's a
little bit complicated. I know Hillary's here. Maybe later on when we start
talking about Priorities for the next year, if need to that'd be a good point to
dive a little deeper in that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I took out of this, rightly or wrongly.
People are most upset about traffic flow in the community. That's the
mobility issue.    They don't feel they can get around.          That's driving
everything else. Back in—I don't know what it was—2010, we focused on
PCI improvements in our street index when people were complaining about
that. People now seem to be complaining about traffic and mobility. At
least it seems to me that signal timing is something that we can actually
control, we can actually put a lot of money in. I guess I'm asking the
question of whether or not we should be putting significant resources into
something like, if that's really going to make a difference. I'd eventually like
us to talk about that. Thanks.
                                                                          Page 19 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
