                         TRANSCRIPT
May. We're already in May, so I think we're still looking for the most
expeditious path forward. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I just want to try to encourage folks—since we can't take
actions on a Colleagues Memo on the night that we first review it, we're
really discussing what to refer—to try and keep discussions around that. We
do have speaker cards. If it's further discussion of the Memo, perhaps we
should hear from members of the public first. If people have questions
about the Memo, we could hear them now. I'll clear the board. If anyone
has questions about the Memo, we can ask them before the speakers, and
then we'll go into discussion after the speakers. I see none. Because we're
going to have a full public hearing on this next week and our tight agenda,
tonight's speakers, we have six. Each speaker will have up to two minutes
each to speak tonight, but it will not prevent them from being able to speak
next week. Our first speaker is Paul Machado, to be followed by Karen.

Paul Machado: Good evening, Mayor Burt. As indicated earlier, it's been
documented evidence from 16 years ago that there's a parking problem in
Evergreen Park. To date, nothing has occurred. Many of you in Council
have asked residents to become involved in civic affairs; therefore, when
one neighbor said we should stop complaining and do something and that
we could petition the government—that's an American right—we took action.
In the summer at our annual picnic, we began collecting signatures. We got
approximately 225 signatures.     We did send invitations to all Council
Members to see our proposal and presentation. We also presented it to the
merchants association. Well before Christmas, all our presentations were
complete, and we were going to do the proposal to the entire Council. We
waited until after Christmas so that the Staff could enjoy the holidays. In
early February, we presented our proposal to the entire Council. Shortly
thereafter, we were informed we didn't complete the required forms and, if
we didn't do that by March 31st, our proposal may be not acted upon. We
had no idea such a form even existing. Evergreen Park thanks Council
Members who signed our Colleagues Memo acknowledging our hard work
and perhaps saving it from the dustbin. We were later informed that only
one new RPP could be worked on a year, one. The rest would be, I assume,
not worked on because there was inadequate funding. It didn't matter
whether you were putting this RPP into an existing program and it was one
block long or it was half the City, it didn't seem to matter. We were
surprised that the City-wide process is clearly designed to pit one
neighborhood against another. Although that may not be its intent, that is
the result. We think all neighborhoods deserve relief. Again, we thank you
for acknowledging our hard work and our proposal. As the Memo suggests,
we would like—thank you.

                                                                     Page 25 of 135
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/2/16
