                          TRANSCRIPT
previously. I think we, as others have pointed out, have several different
problems. I think that the notion that applicants get to control essentially
the petition process, if it was binding in the end, is problematic for the
reasons we've experienced here. I think the assertion that people should
not be able to rescind essentially their support between the time that they're
first presented whatever they were presented and when it comes to the
Council is really, to me, not appropriate. I do want to say that I concur with
Council Member Holman that we've heard throughout this process in one
sense a positive direction, which is I think a very strong supermajority that
the neighborhoods, this one and others like it, need protections beyond the
choices that they have today. I've been thinking about what would be the
best way to give that alternative. We'd previously discussed a standalone
ordinance perhaps similar to what Cupertino has that is for Eichler
neighborhoods. We have another possibility that moves this forward sooner.
We currently have a consultant onboard looking at the Individual Review
process. Correct? Where do we stand in that?

Mr. Lait: We've received a draft report, and it's sort of in this admin draft.
We want to collect a little bit more data on that.

Mayor Burt: Who provided that consultant the scope of what they should be
working on?

Mr. Lait: That was a Staff-driven effort. I'll say that there was outreach,
and there's been a lot of interviews with people who have experienced the
process as applicants, as neighbors. We have a volume of data.

Mayor Burt: It strikes me that we could add on an element to the Individual
Review process that's specific to neighborhoods such as this and have
certain guidelines. It doesn't mean that we would rescind the SSO process
for neighborhoods where they have the clear 70 percent supermajority.
How do we provide protections for neighborhoods that don't have that, but
where you have both folks who would prefer a single story and those who
would not, who would both embrace stronger protections for the
neighborhood character? If there was a neighborhood that didn't support
with the 70 percent single story overlay, I could tell you I've seen—they're
less common in town, but they exist—homes where you have modest second
additions. They're not wall-to-wall two stories; they're deep setbacks. We
could set something up where we don't guarantee that you have the same
rights for a second story going wall to wall that you do in other
neighborhoods where it's compatible.         You would have within the IR
Guidelines that say if it's in a neighborhood such as the Eichlers, then this
additional set of restrictions applies. It would be significantly visual line and
daylight plane protections and things that really would address the privacy.

                                                                         Page 65 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
