                          TRANSCRIPT
plans are developed, attention be paid to continuing the tree screening and
ongoing Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) impacts mitigated
at whichever threshold is more restrictive, those of the City of Palo Alto or
the County of Santa Clara.’”

Mayor Burt: I see no more comments.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Mr. Keene: If I just might make just a quick comment just more for the
record. The Council discussion is focused on really the kind of core land use
issues of the project.       I would just say that we do have a lot of
interrelationships with Stanford on a host of other issues that are separate
and outside of this particular letter. We haven't looked at identifying every
potential impact. For example, we provide fire and rescue services to the
campus. There's a potential in the future that this has impacts on services,
but we have a vehicle for working that out separate from this letter and that
sort of thing. I don't think it's a necessity to include anything like that, but I
didn't want it to be misunderstood that we thought there were no potential
impacts of the project. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to direct Staff to prepare a comment letter to Santa Clara
County, for signature by the Mayor, supporting the Stanford housing project,
incorporating the following language, “construction of higher density infill
housing near transit centers and jobs is precisely the type of project the
Governor’s office has determined will reduce vehicle miles traveled, and
associated greenhouse gas emissions.” And include, “as project plans are
developed, attention be paid to continuing the tree screening and ongoing
Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) impacts mitigated at
whichever threshold is more restrictive, those of the City of Palo Alto or the
County of Santa Clara.”

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board.        Council Member Holman, did you
mean to vote no?

Council Member Holman: Hit the wrong button, sorry.

Mayor Burt: I suspected as much. That passes unanimously with Council
Member DuBois recusing himself. Thank you everyone.


                                                                          Page 47 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 3/21/16
