                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: They're building office space.

Mayor Burt: This just goes back to that question of whether there's any
hope for us in the region to build housing as fast as jobs are being created
currently. Council Member Kniss, did you have something?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) Let me do one in memoriam first. I
think many of you through the years knew Laddie Hughes.            Laddie's
memorial service was held last Saturday. Many of you probably know her
through her daughter-in-law, Kathleen, who runs Ada's Café. Laddie was
very involved in politics in Palo Alto for a long period of time. Her only
drawback was that she was a Republican. She was still somebody I liked.
She was lots of fun, but she was intently involved in all the years that I
knew her.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Karen, did you want to do the other one? You're
welcome to.

Council Member Holman: Unless you would like to, which I'm happy if you
do.

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Council Member Holman: We also recently lost Kirke Comstock, who was a
former Mayor, longtime Council Member, served on the Council in the '60s
and '70s, and was a strong advocate for open space. He was one of the
major players in us getting Foothill Park and for preserving our Baylands
from office development.       He served with what then were considered
residentialists. Some consider he was the first residentialist. I forget the
name of the study that was done. Something Livingston study that was
done to prevent housing being developed in the area that's now the
Arastradero Preserve.       The study showed that it was actually more
expensive for the City to support housing there than it was to buy the land.
That was undertaken with that Council with Kirke, I think, at the lead of
that. Enid Pearson was a part of it. Byron Sherer was also a part of that.
We have a lot to thank Kirke Comstock for. We enjoy a lot of the things that
he's responsible for to this day. Happy to adjourn the meeting in his honor.

Council Member Kniss: Just a reminder. We were sued by those who were
going to develop it. We lost and considered a taking. It was a bargain at $7
million.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned in honor of Laddie Hughes and
former Mayor Kirke Comstock at 11:39 P.M.

                                                                      Page 91 of 92
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/29/16
