             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
                TRANSCRIPT
                                                            Special Meeting
                                                        September 19, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:06 P.M.

Present:   Berman arrived at 7:03 P.M., Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Study Session on Motor Vehicle Level of Service (LOS), Multimodal
     Level of Service (MMLOS), Bicycle Level of Traffic Stress, Vehicle Miles
     Traveled (VMT), and CEQA Changes Related to Transportation
     Impacts.

Mayor Burt: Our first item tonight is a Study Session on Motor Vehicle Level
of Service, also Multimodal Level of Service and Bicycle Level of Traffic
Stress and Vehicle Miles Traveled and California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA) change to transportation impacts. Mr. Mello, welcome.

Joshua Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Greeting, Mayor, members of
Council. We did a similar presentation back in June for the Planning and
Transportation Commission, got a lot of great feedback from them. We've
been planning this for about six months. I'm excited to finally have this day
here. With me tonight, I have Ron Milam, Sarah Peters and Robert Eckles
from the firm Fehr & Peers. I also have Hugh Louch from Alta Planning and
Design, as well as Nayan Amin from TJKM in the back there. They are all
here to help you with this discussion. We'll have a presentation by Sarah,
followed by Ron and Hugh, and then we'll be able to answer any questions
you have. With that, I'll turn it over to Sarah.

Sarah Peters, Fehr & Peers: Thank you, Josh. I'll be presenting tonight on
the transportation impact analysis requirements for Santa Clara County that
are put forward by Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) and
level of service standards. First, let's talk about what is a transportation
impact analysis. As you all know, a transportation impact analysis evaluates
the effects of a proposed new development on the transportation network


                                                                    Page 1 of 120
