                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can I add two things? One is that we have scheduled in here
5-year updates to this. Correct?

Mr. Friend: I believe we have.

Mayor Burt: Second, what I’m hearing is something that I was concerned
about the last time this came to the Council, frankly, in the way that the
report had been getting generated is that we're conflating climate action and
sustainability. There are great connected elements to that, but they're not
synonymous. Actions that eliminate greenhouse gases from vehicular travel
are not necessarily all sustainable.    We could have 100 percent zero
emission vehicles and total gridlock.     We've achieved greenhouse gas
reductions and not a sustainable community.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's a really good point. I think you actually
deal with that when you talk about consider sustainability in its broadest
dimensions. I think that's helpful. In terms of the guiding and design
principles, there may be moments when you have to balance these
principles. I think a statement in there that the order should be irrelevant,
frankly. When these come to us, we should balance this necessarily. I don't
think one is necessarily higher than the other when you look at it. Obviously
the decision-makers can do that well. What you're looking for tonight is us
to adopt the climate action design things, and you're going to come back to
us in early 2017. That's going to be with the implementation piece.

Mr. Friend: We'll come back with the implementation plans in a series of
meetings. We expect that some of them are going to take some fairly
substantial work on your part; others less so. There will be a series of
meetings, I imagine, over Q1 and Q2. At that time, you may see fit to
propose some modifications to the framework itself based on the work that
we do in the implementation plans. It would seem premature to try to do
that now.

Mr. Keene: Can I add to that? I think it's almost certain that once we really
start to get real with the implementation plans and the discussion, in that
sense that will respond to the comments that, say, Bruce Hodge and Carbon
Free Palo Alto were bringing up, which is what are these near-term
decisions, what are the actionable things we're going to have to make. I
would ask that your Motion say as it's laid out here with the additional
directive for the Staff to make its best efforts to incorporate the comments
that the Council has made. That will work through the period of the
implementation plans discussion, and then at the end of that, you may go
back and want to make some further amendments. If we somehow got it a
little bit wrong on how we were incorporating things or you have new

                                                                      Page 41 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/28/16
