                          TRANSCRIPT
of those who said I don't like the fact that it worsens our jobs/housing
imbalance, and what I'd love to see there is a lot of housing. I'd even be
open to a car-free or car-lite site. That implied that I'd be open to a project
where there was parking for visitors, maybe people who work for the
property, contractors. That's about it. This actually has a lot more parking
than what I would envision as a true pilot, car-lite, car-free project. I would
call this a compromise. The units are not micro units. They are smaller
units. We talked about this earlier during the question and answer and the
presentation. These are actually about double the size of true micro units,
which can be as small as 250 square feet. These are no smaller than 500
square feet per unit. Again, it's a compromise. It's a step in a different
direction for Palo Alto. As Mayor Burt pointed out earlier, this is something
we've done historically in the past, projects kind of like this. For example,
the President Hotel. It is a divergence from what we've done in recent
memory. It's quite a divergence. A number of times over the last year or
two as we've talked about our Comprehensive Plan, as we've talked about
the housing crisis and the housing challenges in Palo Alto and in the region,
a number of us on Council, not just when this site came forward for its
previous prescreening but a number of times, we've talked about wanting to
see or at least explore maybe a site where we get rid of the unit cap but
maintain our height limit, maintain our FAR limits that are at least
reasonable. Maybe have some reduced parking requirement and maybe find
a way to have some teeth so that we could actually restrict the ability of
people or strongly discourage them such that on average people would not
need as many cars for the project. I appreciate that this project tries to
move us in that direction. This actually gives us an opportunity to—if this
does move forward, if the applicant does move forward with an application,
that will provide an opportunity for us to direct City Planning Staff, City
Attorney Staff, etc., to start asking some really tough questions. What can
we do? What legally are we allowed to do? Until we have some projects to
start really looking at those questions around, given how much we've been
talking about it and haven't made progress yet, I'm not convinced we're
ever going to really get the answers to those questions unless we move
forward with something. I actually do hope that the applicant does move
forward with an application, so we can start picking apart these tough
questions. There have been a number of things raised that I do want to
address and a couple of things I had mentioned earlier as questions. I'll just
say them now as statements. If there is an effort to prioritize in some way
certain segments of the community, I would like to see seniors included in
that list potentially Seniors on average, not always. A lot of them do like to
drive and still work very hard and are not retired of course. A lot of seniors
don't drive as much or have a more flexible schedule and don't need to try
at rush hour and so don't contribute to peak traffic impacts. That's really
one of the issues right around the Page Mill/El Camino intersection, which is
                                                                        Page 41 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
