                          TRANSCRIPT
is there an interest in having our Staff come back with something along the
lines of what Phil just described, which would be an initial cut at policy
without having to engage a consultant team to do so and then we have a
next discussion at that time.

Male: Are we going to see the results of the SAFER study? I'd like to see
that (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: We will receive that. Let's talk about what the sequencing
would be. I don't know whether the SAFER study would necessarily drive
policy decision differently from (crosstalk).

Mr. Bobel: It will give you a lot more information. It'll give you some
example costs for certain things. It'll give you a firm recommendation on
these heights. We're just sort of still telling you what we expect. You'll
have more firm information about what we get protected and to what
degree, to what level of confidence.

Mayor Burt: Would it then make sense to wait until we get the SAFER study
before making a request on the policy and let the SAFER study inform that?

Mr. Bobel: I think that would make sense. Plus, from Staff workload
perspective, we might find information in that thing which we could use to,
as you say, inform.

Mayor Burt:    Let me just see whether that seems like a reasonable
approach. Nodding heads, okay. That's a consensus. Thank you very
much. We have one member of the public who wishes to speak. Keith
Bennett, welcome. You have up to three minutes to speak.

Keith Bennett: I heard discussion on retreat and what are things to do. I
think some low-hanging fruit is to realize that the FEMA flood zones are
likely to be redrawn. Putting residential basements in areas that are likely
to become flood zones just seems like it's adding to risk. I would like to
recall that the Ninth Ward in New Orleans was protected by a levee, but the
levee failed. I just think that has very little return for a lot of risk. There
are a couple of other issues that haven't been brought up. When the sea
level rises, the water table under our City will also rise, left to its own
devices. If we don't maintain the fresh water table at a high enough level,
we will increase saltwater intrusion. That may be a risk that we want to
accept, but it's a risk that should be acknowledged. Saltwater did come into
the City until 1970, when we were pumping the deeper aquifer. A final point
is that basements that are in the soils block the flow of groundwater. The
new storm drain policies encouraging draining not to our storm drains but
draining to the soils is fine and good. The assumption is that the soils
                                                                        Page 24 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
