                        TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure what you mean by specific substance.
I wasn't going to go into 3.2.1. I had some high-level concepts. I think we
didn't really get a sense from most of the Council on these issues of
regulations versus guidelines, whether we wanted to amend the IR process
or any Zoning Ordinances. We just didn't get a sense of that.

Mayor Burt: We're not acting on that tonight.

Council Member DuBois: It was before us. It was the second thing we were
supposed to consider. I think I will not support the second amendment and
support the first Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I was just going to say I don't know how it would
work to—I certainly won't be supporting the substitute Motion. I just don't
know how it would work anyway. Let's suppose we adopt these, send them
off to SHPO. They're going to review them and comment. We're saying by
the way, we're going to revise them. I don't know how that would work or
what the value of that would be.

Mayor Burt: I just don't see on that second bullet how we can get through
those really substantive discussions tonight and even have any chance—one,
get through them tonight even if we didn't get to the ARB Findings. I don't
think it's realistic to say that we could do that tonight. Please ...

Mr. Keene: I'm sorry. Are you voting on the substitute amendment first?
Don't want to throw you off, but it's not clear to me what the first Motion
was unless it's as simple as that—that's it? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Now we're voting on the substitute Motion. That fails on a 5-4
vote with Council Members Wolbach, Scharff, Burt and Berman voting yes.
Now we return to the primary Motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Burt, Scharff, Wolbach yes

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, the reason I asked that was there was additional
commentary along the way that maybe wasn't in the Motion. I just wanted
to be clear that this is it.

Mayor Burt: Right. Thank you. Let's vote on the main Motion. That passes
unanimously. This item has been continued to a date uncertain.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0


                                                                    Page 80 of 114
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 9/12/16
