                          TRANSCRIPT

adequate and fully described. If you're not working in that area, it's easy to
miss things. I could understand why the organization that put this together
could have missed a few things. I'd like to see it modified so that we have a
more complete description of the library facilities and library activities.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Arthur Keller, to be followed
by Stephanie Munoz.

Arthur Keller: Thank you. First I'd like to thank the subcommittee and Staff
and the consultants for their hard work on this Element. Secondly, I'd like
to point out that we would appreciate your feedback. We learned from this
Element; this was sort of the first one we did, and our process was evolving,
especially the process for handling the subcommittee. We got a better
handle on how to handle that in future Elements. We're doing better in
terms of tracking comments than we did on the first Element. There was a
question by the Council, and I think we should have a list of all deleted
policies and programs and why. For example, there's a policy in this
document, C-1.18, which is actually an old program that was converted into
a policy that was originally slated to be deleted. Clarification of that, I'm not
sure if you want that to come back to you in some way on Consent or
whatever.     I think it would be good to actually have that document
produced. It might be useful also to have Staff to do a little bit of
wordsmithing. I happen to not like the word maximize. There's a thing here
about maximizing use of the City/School Liaison Committee. Does that
mean you use them as much as you can? I'm not sure. It seems kind of
silly. I think that we should also acknowledge the Downtown Streets Team
in terms of homelessness. That's a big part of our process. I have and
other people have concern about how the Comprehensive Plan process will
be handled after Jeremy leaves and who will take his place and how that
happens. That could derail us in some ways. Finally, I'd like to thank the
Mayor and Council for attention and feedback on this. This Comp Plan, I've
been working on it since, as was mentioned, 2008. For many years, the
Council has not paid as much attention to the Comp Plan. It's good that
we're focused on it now. However, that means we are doing a quick work of
it. That means that it's important for the Council to give detailed and clear
feedback, so that we can use that for the future processes on this. Thank
you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Stephanie Munoz.


                                                                          Page 20 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
