                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: If you look at 15. When you do the base case and you
do the two other scenarios, they're the same scenario. The graph looks
exactly the same basically; it just is lower with less.

Ms. Nose: Part of it is your expenses are actually not growing at such a
rapid pace. If you look at the retirement rates over the course of the 10-
year Forecast, they escalate at a faster rate during the first five years, and
then they start to flatten out.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is that because we made the changes in the pension
benefits? Is that what's driving that?

Mr. Perez: There's some of that. The driver and the reason we're seeing
the escalation—to refresh your memories, we had a change by Public
Employees Retirement System (PERS) to do the smoothing over a shorter
period of time, five years instead of 20 years. What they told us is for the
first five years—it just started—we're going to see a heighten in the rates,
and then it should smooth out. That's the basis of why they're flattening
out. If you look at the rates themselves, you'll see that they're flat. There's
about one-third of our workforce Citywide, not just the General Fund, that is
in the second or third tier. There's some of that as well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's really PERS going from a 20-year smoothing to a
five year smoothing. We're feeling the effects of the five year smoothing up
until 2022, and then we're at a 20 year smoothing again?

Mr. Perez: It goes up and then flattens.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We get rid of the spike. That leads me to ask you,
PERS is still going to have financial issues. They're still too high with their
discount rate. If that's true, does that mean that they may have to change
the rules again? At that point, that surplus goes away?

Mr. Perez: Yes. That is a potential probability. They recently passed a plan
that they hope that anytime the portfolio rate of return exceeds 11 1/2, that
they will then lower the rate of return assumption. It's phased in. Their
plan is to have it go down to6 ½ over 20 years. What are the chances that
year over year they'll do that? If nothing happens between now and
February 2018, they will revisit the rate of return assumption at that point.
They will update the demographic assumptions. You may recall that part of
the reason that our rates are going up is because the mortality rate
changed. We're living longer and so obviously the pension payouts are for a
longer period of time. There are other variables that could drive the rate.


                                                                        Page 92 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
