              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                            Special Meeting
                                                         November 28, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:04 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid
           arrived at 5:07 P.M., Wolbach

Absent:

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our first order is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions.
I'm not aware of any.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We will be moving onto City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Council Members, good
evening, good afternoon. Let me see here. A few items to report. Related
to the Middlefield Road North traffic safety issue, based on community input
from a workshop back in October, our Staff has developed two additional
concepts for the segment of Middlefield Road between Menlo Park and Forest
Avenue. These concepts are now included on the project website, which is
at the cityofpaloalto.org/Middlefield. The Council and our community can go
to the website and take a look at these. They're listed as Concept 6A and 6B
and are being analyzed to determine their likely effectiveness as well as
their potential impacts on traffic flow in the vicinity. The operation of the
signalized intersection of Middlefield Road and Lytton Avenue is the most
challenging aspect of this project.      We're currently examining multiple
configurations for this congested intersection. Our Staff is hoping to present
the results of their detailed analysis to the City Council in January at a
Council meeting and will be requesting the Council's direction on a preferred
approach for implementation as a pilot or a trail project early in the year.
For more information in advance of that agenda item coming to the Council,
please visit the project work site. As it relates to our bike boulevards, the
City is hosting an open house tomorrow, November 29th, from 6:30 P.M. to
8:30 P.M. at Mitchell Park Community Center to present preliminary


                                                                     Page 1 of 114
