                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Thank you, Council Member Holman. These are some of the
details that we're continuing to work out in consultation with the neighbors
and in negotiation with the company. It's everyone's intention that the City
would retain its traditional powers to inspect, to remedy problems and to
respond to any types of releases. This is exactly how that will be described.
Items that we are finalizing and we hope to bring that back to you shortly.

Council Member Holman: Obviously when this comes back in 30 days, it will
not be a Consent Calendar item; it will be an Action Item pending any
changes.

Ms. Stump: We will work with the City Manager and the Mayor as to what is
the best format to bring it to Council. If the agreement terms are placed on
the Consent Calendar, Council of course always has the ability to vote to
remove those if it would like to discuss them. We do anticipate that it will
be—if it comes back to you, if we are successful, that we will come back with
the support of both the neighborhood leaders and the agreement of the
company. It may be that that's the most expeditious way to proceed. You
have all of your legislative options.

Council Member Holman:       Last question is just to confirm that fire
inspections are not announced ahead of time. Fire inspections are random
and unannounced. I just want absolute confirmation of that.

Ms. Stump: It's our understanding that the Fire Department has committed
to do at least, I think, one unannounced inspection each year. I believe they
do some other types of scheduled inspections as well. What both the
company and the fire inspectors have told us is that the schedule on which
they announce those and the complexity of the operations onsite, in
essence, they foreclose—it's not like when you were a kid and you hid
something under your bed when your mother was coming down the hallway.
This is a complex manufacturing chemical facility. They feel that they are
able to really fully understand what is going on at the site.

Council Member Holman: Understand. Through the Chair, Chief Nickel.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Good evening. Eric Nickel, Fire Chief. Just to
reiterate what Molly Stump said. Under the existing Fire, Life Safety and
Hazardous Materials Code, all of these type of occupancies are inspected at a
minimum once a year.        Those are typically announced, scheduled in
advance. For the last two years, CPI has agreed to unannounced inspections
which we do at our discretion. We will continue to do that subsequent to the
negotiation.

Council Member Holman: The unannounced will happen at least annually.
                                                                       Page 36 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/29/16
