                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think I just accidentally bumped it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: We're moving the first increase up three months,
and we're moving the last increase back 6 months. I'm still glad that we're
moving in this direction. I'm happy to support the Motion.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to adopt an Ordinance amending the City’s Minimum Wage
ordinance to align with the Cities Association recommendation to increase
the minimum wage to $15.00 per hour in three steps: $12.00 on January 1,
2017; $13.50 on January 1, 2018, $15.00 on January 1, 2019, and a
Consumer Price Index (CPI) increase after 2019 indexed to the Bay Area CPI
with a 5 percent cap and no exemptions and evaluate updating the City’s
Ordinance to best address the issue of tipped employees if Labor Code
Section 351 is updated to allow this exemption and add this to the list of
topics for the Policy and Services Committee to consider when reviewing the
Legislative Policy Program.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously. Thank
you to everyone who has attended and participated. That concludes this
item.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

11.   PUBLIC HEARING: Resolution 9626 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
      of the City of Palo Alto Confirming the Code Enforcement Abatement
      Report and Ordering Cost of Abatement to be a Special Assessment on
      the Properties Located at 220 Matadero Avenue and 18 Roosevelt
      Circle.”

Mayor Burt: We will now move to our last item, which is a Public Hearing.
It's adoption of a Resolution confirming the Code Enforcement Abatement
Report and ordering costs of abatement to be a special assessment on
properties located at 220 Matadero Avenue and 18 Roosevelt Circle. Folks,
can the audience—hello? Can the audience conclude their conversations out
there, so we can just finish the items?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: Ms. Stump.


                                                                      Page 94 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
