                         TRANSCRIPT
alteration of assumptions or an alternative that should have been presented
more forthright to the Council, so that we could address the change in
dynamic of office occupancy density that's being addressed in this Motion.
We brought this up—I believe Council Member Schmid and Council Member
DuBois and I commented on this a couple of weeks ago during Council
Members Comments and were told that we should bring it up during the land
use discussion, which is before us this evening. Also, when this contract was
flagged, it does indicate in it—I don't disagree with the City Manager that
this is an unusual way to approach it. It does say in the language that's
provided to us in the Staff Report that the City Staff will provide to the
consultant the numbers to be used. That's directly relevant to this 4 per
1,000 scenario and concern that Council Member Schmid has, I think,
rightfully raised. The amendment to the Motion that I would make, with
Council Member Schmid's approval, be to retain the current ratio of
employees per 1,000 square feet of commercial development for Scenario 5
and apply that to the reduced floor area ratio maximum identified for
Scenario 5.

AMENDMENT:       Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “retain the current ratio of employees per
thousand square feet for commercial development in Comprehensive Plan
Scenario 5 and apply that to the reduced floor area ratio maximum.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Is that an amendment? How does that reconcile with the
Motion that Council Member Schmid (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: It would replace the parking reference.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Mr. Mayor, if I may.

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Ms. Stump: It may be that for some Council Members the way that the
scope is drafted is a reason to vote no on this contract. I do think on this
item you need to approve a contract or not approve the contract. The policy
direction on how to adjust the scenarios is something that can be brought up
tonight under Item Number—under the Comprehensive Plan (Comp Plan)
item. That item is quite a bit broader. It's policy-based. It doesn't call out
the EIR process specifically, but we do think it's broad enough that you could
raise these policy direction points within that item. That is really more
appropriate from a public notice standpoint.


                                                                       Page 13 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
