                          TRANSCRIPT
solar arrays which could be on top of the mechanical and/or rooftop garden
type functions. Not rooftop party areas to disturb neighbors, but quiet
space. We need to be utilizing that, and best design practices have been
doing that. We haven't really pushed it. Allowing it versus requiring it, if we
think it's a best practice, then why not require it. That would be my favor to
do that. We have an issue of how do we create—most of this set of
questions is really around the commercial options. We have big issues
around if we're saying we want the housing in the Downtown areas, how do
we really cause that to happen more. One is what we just talked about on
the height and the number of floors. Creating a mixed-use category that is
specifically for that.     Another has to do with what are going to be
development rights.       We've had a big turning away from two things:
Planned Communities (PCs) and transfers of development rights. In each
case, I believe that the primary problem with those was poor projects or
overdone commercial PCs, meaning office, and office absorbing TDRs. I
think we should really reconsider both of them as they relate to residential.
If you take for an example an area that Council Member Holman has brought
up repeatedly and we haven't acted on, I would like to add this to priorities,
which is retention of existing affordable housing. In the case of an area like
College Terrace, we're seeing a loss repeatedly of the small quadplexes that
had been part of that character. One way to preserve them would be TDRs.
If I have a quadplex and currently I have this temptation to do tear those
down and put up a fewer number of bigger homes, it's hard to justify not
doing that as a property owner under existing rules. Under TDRs, if we
restrict that and offer TDRs for housing in our downtowns or along El
Camino, that's how they are allowed to go up a bit higher FAR than they
otherwise would be allowed to go, that's a good thing to do. The same thing
with historic preservation and some of the other reasons that we allow TDRs.
Set a little bit lower base on that, what's permitted, and then consider TDRs
for different purposes including preservation of existing affordable housing.
If we tear it down, the newer housing that goes in is going to be more
expensive.      We see it emblematic in Buena Vista, where that's not
subsidized housing. That's low-cost market rate housing. New housing is
not going to be low-cost market rate housing. How do we preserve it and
how do we help make property owners more whole, maybe not totally
whole, if we put new restrictions on their ability to take away some of those
market rate—I'll call it market rate affordable or attainable. That's an area
that I would strongly encourage we consider. I think that captures the bulk
of my comments. Downtown commercial basements. For more than two
years, we've had this issue. We were supposed to get back, I thought, a
year ago a report that was going to tell us what's happening and what we
could do about it. I think we need to be more clear that we've had what was
auxiliary retail space, storage and office supporting retail, at the ground floor
that's been getting converted to high-density office in the downtowns. To
                                                                         Page 80 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
