                          TRANSCRIPT
of the curb cuts along Lytton Avenue is also being removed. In its place
would be a pedestrian area and entry into the mixed-use building. The
project was the subject of a preliminary Architectural Review ARB as well as
review by the Historic Resources Board and a formal review by the
Architectural Review Board (ARB). The applicant has been responsive to
these Boards' comments throughout the process including changing the
colors of certain materials, adding different features to the ground floor to be
consistent with the pedestrian combining district overlay, as well as reducing
the height of the building by two feet, from 40 feet to 38 feet. These
elevations depict how the project implements and executes the zoning
requirements for daylight plane and the transitions between the properties in
the rear, as well as the transition to the historic building. The historic
building is the single-story structure that's shown in the lower elevation.
The site is bordered by commercial uses along Lytton and residential uses to
the rear along Kipling. These pictures—I have several more—try to show
the context of the area. Many of the buildings in the area range between
one and three stories and various ages. Some are older, and some are more
contemporary and a variety of architectural styles. For instance, looking
down on the street here shows the character of the neighborhood along
Lytton Avenue. These photos are taken within the vicinity of the project.
Across the street from the project, you have a single-story 7/11. You can
see in the background a multistory building. There's also a City parking lot
adjacent to the project, across the street. There's a lot of mature landscape
along Lytton as well. This is an example at 245 Lytton, where you have a
newer building that abuts residential. The back is actually very—a similar
example to this project that you're hearing this evening, where the rear of
the site has a ramp that goes down to basement parking. There are two-
story adjacent residential buildings similar to the project before you. There's
landscaping along that property line. Here's the building at the intersection
at Lytton and Waverley. This shows another context of the area. The
building on the right is also adjacent to residential. The back includes
terraces on second and third floor, along the street and the rear of the
property. This parking lot also serves as a buffer between this property and
the residential behind. In this case, there's no landscape really between the
parking lot and the homes. In summary, the concerns from the appellant
regarding the architectural design context have been the building's size,
style, the massing is out of character with the vicinity. We've demonstrated
that the vicinity does include a mix of commercial and residential districts
and it includes larger buildings as well. The ARB did evaluate as well as the
HRB. Recommendations are based on the required findings, Context Based
Design Criteria and the Downtown Urban Design Guide. Those findings are
included in the packet. The other issue was with the adjacency to the
historic structure that's on the site. One of those concerns about the
project's potential impacts to this adjacent historic structure was the project
                                                                          Page 22 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
