                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I think last November, Council Member Kniss said
it was Stanford money and it had to be used in Palo Alto.

Council Member Kniss: Yes, there is. If you don't mine me mentioning.          The
County is quite flexible when it comes to a grant like that, that deals        with
connectivity and so forth. I don't believe it will be an issue long term.      Yes,
there is money that can be used for recreation purposes within a six           mile
radius of Stanford. That also goes through the Board of Supervisors.

Council Member DuBois:         I think I made the point on the train
undercrossing. Spending $20 million for a new crossing where either it's
going to be close to the Cal. Ave. tunnel or we're going to have to acquire a
home in the middle there somewhere, I'm kind of with Council Member
Scharff here about not wanting to start spending money on that quite yet. I
have a tentative motion I'd like to go ahead and make, if that's all right. I'd
like to direct Staff to evaluate minor improvements to Loma Verde and
separated paths on East Meadow, and see if the grant can be applied to the
East Meadow improvements.          Secondly, evaluate an undercrossing at
Meadow with consideration for the Caltrain trench discussions to reach
conclusion before we spend money on a different alignment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What do you mean (inaudible) spend money?

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk)

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Is that your Motion?

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Is there a second?

Council Member DuBois: I had a question.

Council Member Filseth: I'll second it.

Mayor Burt: Seconded by Council Member Filseth. Makers have to make
their Motion and then get a second, and then they can go back. Do you
want to speak to your Motion?

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to direct Staff to:
                                                                        Page 52 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
