                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: The questions were along those lines. Because I
don't have as good knowledge on these things as some of my colleagues,
what's currently allowed in CC-2? Just office or is it a mix of things?

Ms. Gitelman: I think it's office.

Mayor Burt: Is that total FAR with a ground-floor retail?

Ms. Gitelman: It doesn't always have ground-floor retail.      It's one of the
commercial districts ...

Mayor Burt: That's right. They're areas outside the retail overlay.

Council Member DuBois: This one was specific to Cal. Ave.

Ms. Gitelman: It's the commercial district with the highest FAR.

Council Member Berman: There was something similar that I had a question
on, but now I can't find it. It had to do with you guys added potential
incentives. Adopt regulations and potential incentives to create smaller
units. What is a potential incentive versus just an incentive?

Mayor Burt: The intent there, if I recall correctly, was potentially to include
incentives.

Council Member Berman: Can we rephrase that a little bit?

Mayor Burt: Karen, is that correct? Are we good?         Now we go into who
wants to pull something to vote on it?

AMENDMENT D RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by
Council Member Holman to add to the Motion, “replace in Table 2 Row 7,
‘remove constraints on the addition of Accessory Dwelling Units (ADUs)’ with
‘reduce constraints on the addition of ADUs.’” (New Part C.vi.)

AMENDMENT K RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by
Mayor Burt to add to the Motion, “add to Table 2 Row 9, ‘potentially’ after
‘regulations and.’” (New Part C.iii.)

Council Member Kniss: I've got one thing to pull.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff first, and then Council Member Kniss. Go
ahead and put up your lights.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to pull the one about reducing the FAR on
California Avenue. My concerns are really simple. First of all, this is a

                                                                          Page 81 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
