                          TRANSCRIPT
you and give you a hard time about things. I think it's really important.
Climate change is a huge issue of our time, and you're actually doing
something about it. That's to be commended. I wanted to start with that. I
guess my biggest concern actually is when I look at the City of Palo Alto
deliverables, where it says participate with the Office of Sustainability and
other City Staff to integrate the Cool Block program into the S/CAP strategy
and encourage participation in the S/CAP Advisory Board. I'm really glad
that our City Manager said, "Our Staff is not going to spend more than 40
hours on this." My real concern in all of this comes down to this is sort of
exciting and fun for a lot of City Staff. I worry that they'll spend ...

Mr. Keene: (inaudible) do something fun.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Exactly. We recently looked at doing a fifth scenario.
What we talked about was having the S/CAP be integrated into that
scenario. I really think that's going to take a lot of Gil's focus and energy.
In fact, I'm going to judge his performance a little bit on how well he
manages to do that. I'm very concerned that this is just something else that
distracts our Staff from that. If we stick within the 40 hours, I'm perfectly
comfortable with this. If this becomes something that is distracting for
Staff—a lot of this stuff could be. Identifying blocks, potential block leaders,
that could be a huge amount of hours depending on how much Staff is doing
it. It really, for me, comes down to are we going to live within the 40 hours
or are we not. I understand you want to make this similar in the cities in
which we're doing this. That was really the issue. I just want to reiterate
that if we put in the motion, for instance, add a chapter on volunteers with
information on Palo Alto Emergency Service volunteers and how to be a part
of the Palo Alto ESP program, does that or does that not cause a problem
with the—I mean, can I put that in the motion or would that be something
that would give you heartburn? Speak honestly, because I don't want to
undo your program.

Mr. Keene: Can you speak to that?

Ms. Slater: Yeah, sure. As I said, the workbook stands for all the cities.
That's just sort of the actions that you can take. People take whatever
actions they want. The technology platform will point people to whatever it
is the City's providing. There is no disconnect at all between—if you're
saying you want to do emergency prep and you want to do the following
actions, when you check that box, up will come all the City programs to help
support you. From my point of view, we're a recruitment arm for your
programs, as I said, for energy audits or for water conservation or for
emergency, for any of it. All the things that you already have in place, we
want to encourage people to get engaged with those things. We're not

                                                                          Page 53 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
