                         TRANSCRIPT
Yoriko Kishimoto: Thank you. As you remember, I was the Chair of the
Transportation Chapter for the current Comp Plan. I do want to take the
opportunity to thank the Council and Staff for all the work that's been done
in the last five or six years on Residential Preferential Parking Program
(RPP), TMA. A lot of great work has been done. I'm here actually—want to
reinforce the letter that you got from Adina Levin. It was sent to you by
email. She always has very good comments for us as Friends of Caltrain.
Her first comment has to do with the level of stress metric for assessing
bicycle network. I guess that's really just to adopt them sooner rather than
later. They will lead to better outcomes and identify weak links. Second has
to do with the LOS versus mode share and VMT issue. Maybe this one I will
add a little bit of my own editorial comment. I may disagree a little bit with
CAC on this one. I do agree we should collect LOS data for local impacts. In
terms of what you do about it, because we know LOS is terrible at most
intersections, we use more the mode share and the VMT per capita. A
number of you mentioned travel time as well. Those three are probably the
most important analytics in terms of what you do. Hopefully we don't want
to expand intersections and roads. Hopefully we gave that up. It'll help us
analyze more what we need to do. I think what we all agree on is reducing
traffic in Palo Alto. I would love to see us adopt no net new trips or no net
new VMT overall for Palo Alto. It really doesn't need to get any worse than it
is today. If I don't stay all evening, I wish you the best. You're doing a
good job. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Neilson Buchanan to be followed by our final
speaker, Arthur Liberman.

Neilson Buchanan: Thank you. I don't want to get into the nuances of the
evolving transportation sciences. That's way beyond almost everybody in
the room's capacity of coming up with which way traffic is going to be
managed and measured. I want to get more practical, to some operational
issues. I still argue that the Council could direct that the Business Registry
be enriched. We've got Transportation Demand Management being well run
by Stanford. We have an evolving transportation management at Stanford
Research Park, the Medical Center. All those big pockets can be able to
really measure all these things about where their employees come from,
how often, what time of day or night. We have 24/7 operations to make it
just even more interesting. I think it's time to move the Business Registry
from the development side of the Planning Department to the transportation
professionals. What I think should be done simultaneously is to require that
the employees' home ZIP Code be collected. With that origin data, another
big cluster of employment in the City would be measurable. The TMA is still
languishing. It doesn't have a budget to survive on. It's buried in the very
back of the agenda today as an information item. I searched to even find
                                                                       Page 31 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
