                          TRANSCRIPT
      Prohibit Outdoor Cultivation of Marijuana and Informational Update on
      Proposition 64 and Finding the Amendment Exempt From Review
      Under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Pursuant to
      State CEQA Guidelines Section 15061(b)(3).”

Mayor Burt: We're now proceeding to Items 11 and 12, which we will take
up together. Potential adoption of an Emergency Ordinance of the City
Council, adding a chapter regarding personal cultivation of marijuana to Title
9 of our Municipal Code. Under Item 12 is a related matter adding a
Chapter 9.17 to the Municipal Code regarding outdoor cultivation of
marijuana. Would you like to explain all this?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Happy to do so. Molly Stump, City Attorney. I
have our legal fellow, Elena Pacheco, here with me as well. Items 11 and 12
are two different forms of the same thing. They both relate to an item on
the statewide ballot on the 8th of November. It has a longer title, but Prop
64 is essentially the Adult Use of Marijuana Act. This is the potential for
Californians to vote to legalize a variety of activity for non-medical
marijuana use and cultivation, transport, etc. This law does a number of
things. In some respects it does not allow local control or regulation, and in
other respects it does. When we looked at it and when the League of Cities
looked at it, one area jumps out as a potential issue where the City has the
authority and may want to provide some local regulation sooner rather than
later. We thought we better get to you and at least alert you of this and
give you some options, if you wish to do something now. This is the area of
outdoor cultivation. We'll give you a little bit of detail about that. In a broad
sweep, the Act allows use, possession and cultivation of marijuana for non-
medical uses, personal uses immediately on passage. It also will authorize a
whole variety of business activity, but that has to be licensed first by the
State. The State is not anticipating issuing any licenses until January 2018.
There are some areas in the business context that the Council may wish to
look at some layer of local regulation. You have plenty of time to do that
next year. With respect to cultivation, however, the Act says that on
passage it will become something that individuals can cultivate up to six
marijuana plants in their residence, and the City cannot ban that. Cities do
have an ability to provide some types of regulation with respect to it. We
haven't brought that item forward because we don't think that there's a
particular needed area that has any urgency to it. Outdoors, however, the
State law, Proposition 64, would authorize outdoor cultivation with no limits
in the State law itself. This creates the possibility of some conduct that
might be of concern, and that's why we're here before you tonight, to alert
you to this and to give you the option to take a look at that and put
something in place sooner rather than later, if you wish to do so. The
possibility is that folks could plant marijuana outside any place they can
                                                                         Page 76 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
