                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Thanks, Jim. That's helpful. My last comment is about
the Retreats. I don't know when we would have quarterly Retreats. I presume
that means another Saturday or something similar. I think the idea of a check-
in quarterly is a good idea, but I think a full Retreat every three months is—I
think that's not a direction I would like to go in.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: We're a world-class City in a lot of ways, or a world-
renowned City in a lot of ways. I think that it's important that we start really
working towards becoming a world-class bureaucracy. I want to thank the City
Manager for his presentation. I think that his presentation that he just gave
along with this discussion are important steps towards creating that future
where we can point to the structure of the governance, the relationship of
Council to Boards and Commissions, to the Staff as a positive model rather
than something less than that, that it might be at the moment. I just want to
say thank you very much for pushing this discussion. I think that having
feedback opportunities for Staff to let us know how we are burdening them or
creating expectations which are just simply unrealistic is really important. I
don't right now know what the exact answer to that is. For me, maybe that's
something that we should have put up there as one of our Priorities. Just the
numbers of meetings we have which create not just time constraints and
problems for ourselves on Council, but also create a lot of Staff time because
Staff have to be present throughout our meetings. If we're going to have a
fourth meeting of the month, maybe that's the time to have the fourth meeting
be less action, less typical action. Maybe that fourth meeting should be these
check-ins, Committee as a Whole, talking about our core values as hopefully we
get to do this year. Actually we just had a meeting where we just did Study
Sessions which I actually really liked. I thought it was a very informative
evening. It wasn't as contentious and stressful because we weren't taking
formal votes. If we're going to have a fourth meeting of the month, that might
be a good one also that might be able to wrap up a little bit faster because
we're not hashing out the details of trying to get to five votes on motions.
Something I'd mentioned last year I'll just mention again for consideration once
more is a different idea for how we approach our scheduling and agendizing
meetings. Perhaps we say that the first and second Mondays of each month
will be our regular meetings, but we expect that the second and fourth are very
likely to be utilized, but keep those agendas open so that whatever we don't
finish by 11:00 P.M. strictly on those first regular meetings automatically gets
rolled to the very next week. We would expect that we would be there for a lot
of second and fourth weeks. It means that when we continue an item because
we haven't completed it, it comes back the next week so it's fresh in
everybody's minds, Staff doesn't have to prepare a whole new packet right
away. It's just whatever we didn't finish the previous week, just continued. I'd
                                                                        Page 65 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/30/16
