                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: East Meadow is being worked on under a separate contract. We
plan to bring you some different concepts for that relatively shortly, but it's
not part of this project. We are looking at it based on the direction we got
back in November, but it's not part of this Feasibility Study that we're
presenting tonight.

Council Member Kniss:      Might we be working on them both at the same
time?

Mr. Mello: Yes. In November, you gave us clear direction to just move
forward with East Meadow regardless of what the outcome was for the
Midtown Connector.

Council Member Kniss:           We could have those both under way
simultaneously. At this point—again full disclosure. I'm not a big biker.
When I look at something like—just a reminder. It's great when they have
numbers on the slides. When I look at something like this, that looks safe to
ride on, it looks as though I'd feel pretty protected, I would tend to ride on
that. I'm just not quite brave enough to do what the Vice Mayor and the
Mayor do which is—and Cory with his motorcycle—put on that helmet and
just ride down the street. It just isn't my comfort level. I believe in it, but I
do know that something like this would be very tempting. I wouldn't
hesitate to put my kids on a street that looked like this. I hear your
hesitancy, but this is quite appealing. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I don't think I have too much to add, maybe one
thing. The creek project conceptually is a great idea. We've got this creek,
we put a path down it, it'll go straight, we don't have to (inaudible) and so
forth. You can clearly see the attraction to this. Yet, it seems like, as we've
sort of gone through actually figuring out what it would do, one compromise
after another has sort of come up.         At this point, there is a lot of
compromise that would have to be made to try to get it to work. To Staff's
credit, I think Staff has tried really hard and done as good a job as can
possibly be done on this. Yet, faced with this, it only works for bikes on
some parts of it and not on other parts. You've got to do all this sort of stuff
to make it work. As I look at this, I'd probably just ride down Loma Verde
as is. To the Vice Mayor's question earlier, the right question on the—I don't
know what the right answer is, whether a two-way bike path is the right way
or not. I think the right question to ask is if Matadero Creek were not an
option, if it was just leave Loma Verde with one-way on each side versus do

                                                                         Page 49 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
