                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:      Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “somewhat” after “(SOFA II) and a.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Male: That doesn't mean we (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: It's not like the one year we have had in the past.
That's where we end up in trouble. One other addition to what you have on
Page 10 that you've added here as "A, B, C, D" is retail would be generally
open to the public and with a minimum number of operating hours. If that's
acceptable to the maker and seconder.

Council Member DuBois: Could we extend that to be a more general
definition of retail? Along what Council Member Schmid suggested.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What did he suggest?

Council Member DuBois: He had an economic definition for retail rather than
listing music stores.

Council Member Holman: That's okay if it gets added into the definition of
retail. Right now we don't have that, and that's how we have the bank
situation on University Avenue that you have to be buzz to even be let in.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm good with it

Council Member DuBois: I'm okay with it too.

Council Member Holman: You want to add this to the definition of retail?

Mayor Burt: I don't know if I'd call it a definition, but it's maybe a
requirement. Whereas, Council Member Schmid was really talking about a
definition that would precede our laundry list of examples.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just say a requirement then? Does that
work for you?

Council Member Holman: Requirement works for me, absolutely.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add to the requirement of
Retail; ‘generally open to the public with a minimum number of hours.’”
(New Part E)

                                                                     Page 87 of 105
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 08/22/16
