                          TRANSCRIPT

grade separations. We have 15 percent. San Mateo had 1 percent for
congestion relief. We have 8 percent. For expressways and highways, they
had 27 1/2 percent; we have 25 percent. That also seems like it's in the
ballpark. Local streets, San Mateo was 22 percent; we're 17. Bike/ped,
they were 3 percent which was $45 million, and we're at 8 percent. I do feel
that 8 percent for bike/ped is high. It's an amount equal to our local streets.
It's an amount greater than Caltrain. Again, I think we need to look at these
percentages as part of the whole. Keep in mind that our local street money
includes complete streets which includes bikes. We're covering bikes in two
places. On terms of the expressways, again I'm concerned. I'm glad
Council Member Wolbach brought it up about safety on the 280 and Page
Mill interchange. Again, we had a Study Session on that. I think I disagreed
with many of you that I actually liked the County plan to add the bike plan
there and to improve those intersections. We never voted on it. I don't
want it represented that we don't want any money or we don't support the
expressway. I think it's important for a lot of the county. There's 500
million in this proposal, I guess, for congestion relief. I think that's a good
amount. It tends to be less costly than building freeways. Again, there's
flexibility in the local streets here which is $1 billion to be used for
congestion relief. Again, there's potentially two sources for that money to
come to us. I do think we need to be clear on BART to San Jose. I don't
there's anything wrong with saying we don't necessarily support using
money for BRT in Palo Alto specifically. I'm concerned actually that there
may not be enough money here for grade seps. I kind of see 900 million as
the minimum. I certainly wouldn't support 600 million. To be clear, I want
to see a pretty balanced approach with reasonable amounts in all these
categories. I would actually propose a friendly amendment that we direct
our City reps to advocate a hard line of at least 15 percent for grade
separations and consider increasing that amount. A 20 percent cap for
BART, and that we maintain the suggested percentages for congestion relief,
expressways and local streets. The purpose of that is really just to give an
indication to our representatives of where we want them to negotiate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't think is the time for hard caps. I don't think it's
the time for drawing lines in the sand. I think that's not the way to have a
collaborative and working relationship. I think what we need to do is to
continue to work with the West Valley or the North cities and move this
forward and all of our interests.

Council Member DuBois: The idea was not a cap against those cities. Would
you accept different language describing the BART negotiation?

                                                                         Page 88 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
