                          TRANSCRIPT
look like is really in the documents that I handed together earlier. That's
how we build a resilient community in Palo Alto. There is a beginning of a
discussion that can be built upon by the Urban Forest Master Plan and other
resources that the City has both internally and with the stakeholders
(inaudible) to actually interpret that into something that is viable,
sustainable and really supports everything that we want. The Ordinance
that the State imposed upon all of us is important. It also could have quite
significant impacts to our landscape and our quality of life. How do we work
with that is really in those documents that I handed out, and that's why I
handed out those documents. I think it's an opening to a much larger
discussion that needs to happen. I thank you for looking into just going with
the State mandates for right now and working on this further. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.        Mike Ferreira to be followed by Hamilton
Hutchings. Welcome.

Michael Ferreira: Good evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members. My name is
Mike Ferreira. I am here tonight as the Chapter Chair of the Sierra Club's
Loma Prieta Chapter. I will be short-winded. I appreciate very much the
direction that the Council is taking tonight. I look forward to speaking at the
next meeting on topic. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Hamilton Hutchings to be followed by our final
speaker, Doria Summa. Welcome.

Hamilton Hitchings: Hi. I'm Hamilton Hitchings speaking as a resident. This
is not an issue I've been following closely, but I was reading the Palo Alto
Online today. A question came up, which is can I actually re-landscape my
lawn. One of my short-term goals is to put in some lower-use water, not a
bunch of cacti but actually replace it with grass which is water efficient. I
couldn't tell from reading it whether that would actually be allowed or
whether I'd be required to either keep my old lawn and let it die. That's a
question. Afterwards, I have a statement.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add that I think Staff has clarified—it wasn't quite clear
in the Staff Report—only if you would be doing your re-landscaping in
conjunction with a building permit would you fall under this regulation.

Mr. Hitchings: That's really helpful. My second comment is we have a lovely
urban forest and a very vibrant City. I hope that whatever we do, it will
continue to support the trees; we don't damage the trees. I appreciate the
direction this discussion has been going, towards the State Ordinance.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Doria Summa.
                                                                             Page 35 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
