                          TRANSCRIPT
approve the contract for final design for Bryant, Amarillo, Moreno, Louis,
Montrose and Ross Road.

Mayor Burt: We have to divide those, right?

Mr. Mello: No, that's the first section. The second section is approval of the
concept plans for the remaining three-quarters, and then approving a final
design contract for the previously approved concept plans from 2015.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: If you could just clarify that. I appreciate you
splitting these. If you guys could approve the Bryant Street components,
like that second one you mentioned all the other bike plans as well, I hope I
can return for that piece. I'm going to recuse myself because I own
property a block from Bryant Street.

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 8:21 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we will discuss the first set of projects. Go
ahead.

Mr. Louch:     I'll give you a quick review of the Bryant Street Bicycle
Boulevard, and then we can go into the other three. We've already talked
generally about what is proposed for these, so I'm really going to focus on
some of the things that we heard that are specific to each of these bicycle
boulevards and some of the comments we got. Just wanted to start with the
amount of time we've been out. Folks have mentioned that already. We did
have a set of workshops that were sort of specific to Bryant Street as well as
a more general workshop just in March of this year that had a lot of folks at
it. That was really for all four of them. We did also bike-alongs; we had a
farmers market; we had web-based input. A lot of different opportunities to
have input in this whole process. For Bryant Street, a couple of the major
concerns that we heard really were around some of the roundabouts,
especially the roundabout at California and Bryant. We had quite a few folks
who were in favor of that and quite a few folks who were concerned about
safety issues there. We had a number of folks also concerned about
parking. I think you've heard those pretty clearly tonight. From the PTC
and PABAC, we also had a variety of concerns raised again. A lot of interest
in understanding what would the parking impacts be from this particular
bicycle boulevard, and then also wanting to make sure that they understood
why roundabouts or traffic circles were being chosen in the locations, much
in the way you all asked about tonight. There were some questions about
do we need speed humps south of El Verano on Bryant Street. I think that
really referred to the low level of vehicle traffic on that. For Bryant Street,
                                                                        Page 44 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
