                          TRANSCRIPT
that might be occurring with youth who certainly embrace technology and
cross over there. I would just add that your slides about at-risk youth, we
have in some ways different at-risk youth in our community. It's a real
concern. That is youth who have just been swallowed up by academics and
not having the breadth of education experience or the ample time to pursue
perhaps some of their interests that they otherwise might have. I'd be
interested in hearing what you're doing in those arenas and your thoughts.

Mr. Cohen: Regarding the at-risk youth, I mean number one my take is any
kid with a school locker these days is an at-risk youth. I mean I take the big
umbrella approach. A number of years back I did a big national study with
the U.S. Department of Justice Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency
Prevention looking at the efficacy of arts programs on at-risk youth, and we
had them in different places within the judicial system. Some had been
adjudicated sometimes as a first offense. Other examples, it was in a
facility. What we found looking at controlled groups, young people engaged
in the arts had all the things you hear about, lower recidivism rates,
improved communication skills with peers and adults, increased ability to
complete tasks from start to finish. There's a lot of research that really
shows wherever these kids are, it's important that the arts are part of their
education and their learning. I would just put that out there. In terms of
technology, that's a huge issue. In fact, there's a huge churn going on now
in how the public is engaging in the arts. Actually if you look at the national
numbers of the share of the population going to an art museum or going to
a live performing arts event, it's in a steady decline. The share of the
population doing that is going down. On the other hand, we see more
people engaging through technology. I mean, ten years ago we didn't even
track digital downloads. If you add the Spotify and the (inaudible), that's
half of the industry revenue, is online. Even the big cultural institutions, the
Metropolitan Opera, I'm sure one of the movie theaters around, you can go
and see the HD simulcasts of the Metropolitan Opera performances. They're
in 2,000 theaters around the world, 3 million people buying tickets to that
every year.     Technology is certainly having a big impact on just the
accessibility and how people engage in the arts. Smart arts organizations
are capitalizing on that, making their product available, digitizing collections,
making those online. Overall though, we see a very interesting growth in
personal engagement. This sort of gets beyond the tech. This is the hands-
on work. There's 250,000 choirs in this country with 32 million singing in
them. There's 14 million quilters in this country based on—my mother-in-
law is one. You have to have a huge machine to do it. You can't even just
say, "I'm a quilter," you've got to have the right equipment to be counted in
this study. In terms of that type of engagement, I think something actually
we do in Washington that they do in San Francisco, Opera in the Outfield. In
D.C., two years ago the Washington National Opera went out of business.
                                                                         Page 13 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
