                         TRANSCRIPT
William Faustman: Members of the Council, 17 years ago Scott McNealy,
the cofounder of Sun Microsystems, famously stated, "You have no privacy;
get over it." Not only was he likely correct at the time, the subsequent
events of years have proved him quite prescient. A large proportion of
people sitting in this room have probably had their computers hacked and
their privacy invaded. Yet, despite the societal erosion of personal privacy,
I've always had the privacy of my open-floor-space Eichler home and my
open backyard. In essence, my personal space has never been hacked, and
my hope is that tonight this Council will take bold steps to assure that this
remains the case. Privacy has become a critical value in our society, and I
ask this Council to please demonstrate to our community that you highly
prioritize this value to members of this City. Unfortunately, I can talk from
personal experience about loss of privacy because I live in one of the two-
story Eichlers on Greer Road, a house that I purchased in the 1980s from a
prior owner who had converted to a story house in the 1960s. My home
literally looms over the neighbors' houses, and frankly I'm embarrassed by
it, and I wish it wasn't the case. I ask the Council to protect the aesthetics
of our neighborhood. Some of have suggested that the current review
process assures the future aesthetics of our neighborhood. However, I wish
that was the case. Just go to Santa Barbara, Palm Springs, walk around
some neighborhoods where you really see consistency of architecture and
style, not the hodge-podge of Taco Bells and Hyatt Regencies we see
throughout our City. Others have suggested Eichler homes are miniscule,
seemingly bachelor pads. Yet, these homes were built for baby boomers in
the 1950s. It's only in recent years that people consider a 500-square-foot
bathroom to be essential. In sum, members of the Council, I ask you to act
boldly this evening, to take a solid step towards the protection of one of our
final forms of privacy in this society, and also contribute to the needed
preservation of the architectural aesthetics of this community. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sue Thiemann to be followed by Paul Gilman.

Sue Thiemann: Members of the Council, I'm speaking in support of the
SSO. Long before major deficit disorder was identified, Joseph Eichler
understood that exposure to nature improves both physical and emotional
well-being. He used walls of glass to provide a constant connection with the
outdoors. A two-story house, by depriving neighbors of privacy, destroys
that casual contact with nature. Once added, a second story won't be
removed, and the automatic exposure to nature is gone forever. Property
value, in the true sense of the word value, is sadly diminished. Some have
suggested that old people like me support preservation only because we
hate change. I'd like to remind them that there is a reason old people are
accorded respect in nearly every culture in the world. It's because our long
lives have taught us something about loss, about the inevitability of change,
                                                                       Page 46 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
