                          TRANSCRIPT
to the anticipated business-as-usual reductions. That's sort of a squishy
thing to rely upon at this point. The plan also relies heavily on the growth of
ridesharing services and mobility apps. Yet, this is also something that's
largely outside the City's sphere of influence. The market forces that may
bring it into existence may also be subject to changing winds at the Federal
level. Lastly, I just would like to say that I'm glad that the S/CAP includes a
section on the natural environment and the potential for carbon
sequestration in our soils and urban forests. We had a talk at Acterra
recently by John Wick, the head of the Marin Carbon Project. They're finding
great potential for carbon sequestration by the application of compost to
range lands where deep-rooted native grasses are growing. More leaves
from our urban forest could be composted, and we could get credit perhaps
for related sequestration. Basically, thank you. We're looking forward to
seeing the implementation plans in the near future. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lisa van Dusen to be followed by Mark Mollineaux.

Lisa Van Dusen: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members as well as
City of Palo Alto Utilities ratepayers that are here tonight. I'm Lisa van
Dusen, and I'm here as a more-than-30-year resident of Palo Alto and as a
member of the City of Palo Alto's Sustainability and Climate Action Plan
Advisory Council. To be clear, though, I'm here speaking as an individual
not as an S/CAP member. I'd just like to speak briefly to an opportunity
that's going to be before you next Monday for your approval, and that is
related to the 100-percent carbon neutral through offsets green gas
program. It is an example of something that can be done now, that is a
specific part of the framework that you're looking at tonight and, I think,
maps beautifully to all but one of the guiding principles, one of which just
simply doesn't apply. My partner in crime, Sandra Slater, and I brought this
proposal to the Utilities Advisory Commission almost a year and a half ago.
I've had the pleasure of working with the Utilities Staff and the Utilities
Advisory Commission (UAC) and the Finance Committee, Eric Filseth, Cory
Wolbach, Greg Schmid and Karen Holman, through the public process to
help shape this. Without getting into a lot of details, I really feel like it's a
prime example of something that can be done and that is flexible, does not
hamper any of the kinds of things that were brought up earlier. All of those
things can happen as quickly as you can execute on them. I think it focuses
on what's feasible, prioritizes actions within our control, addresses specific
near-term actions and costs in the context of our aspirational goals. It
addresses full-cost accounting; although, you can always spend more
offsets. It aligns with incentives, getting people off of gas and moving to
electricity, and creates flexible platforms.     While offsets are not the
endgame, it is a bridge, and they can also be moved towards more local
offsets as well. We've heard from others including Canopy about the
                                                                         Page 28 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
