                         TRANSCRIPT
expected to come from the adoption fees, program fees and the
maintenance fees paid by the City. City money is already going to be spent.
If there's an overage, it's going to come out of the City. The incoming
Council will be updating and establishing a new Comprehensive Plan in 2017.
Am I done? Basically I just want to say you've waited all this time. Let's
wait maybe a year, into 2017, and let the new Council maybe get more input
from the community as to what might be able to be done to help carry the
facility forward and make it be a community facility with community support.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Jeanette Washington to be followed by Sachi Hwanbo. We will
not be accepting more speaker cards after this time. Welcome.

Jeanette Washington: Hi. I'm Jeanette Washington. I've been an Animal
Control Officer for 18 years. Currently, Palo Alto Animal Services is an open-
door shelter to all animals. The City and Pets in Need—excuse me. I'm not
really a good public speaker. The City, Pets in Need and a few others make
Palo Alto Animal Services sound like the building is being held together with
glue and duct tape. Yes, we need a new shelter. We all agree to that.
Outsourcing is not the way to do it. We have a lot of support from the
public.    People who follow this proposal come to the shelter and are
surprised by how wonderful and clean the shelter is, and come to find out
that they've been told or read in the paper—it's just not true. We have done
spay and neuter for this year 1,359 spay and neuters for just the public
versus what someone else recently said this evening for Pets in Need
number. That's not including the shelter animals. We do unfortunately
euthanize animals, but it is for medical and behavior issues only, which is a
widely accepted definition of a no-kill shelter.        We unfortunately do
euthanize for dog aggression, under-age kittens that have come in that are
un-weaned. They have fly eggs on their bodies, fly eggs in their mouth. It's
just inhumane to try to keep those animals alive. It's not an easy decision
that we make, and we don't take it lightly. We treat all animals at our
shelter like they're our own. We do not euthanize for time or space. We've
placed many animals in rescue groups. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sachi Hwanbo to be followed by Bunny Bornstein.

Sachi Hwanbo: Hello. I'm the Administrative Specialist and Volunteer
Coordinator at Animal Services. Since my previous comments to you on
September 6th meeting regarding the negotiations with Pets in Need, I'd
just like to add a couple more concerns. Mayor Burt, you had asked if the
contracted level of services are comparable. I assure you they are not. We,
Animal Services employees, bring technical and professional expertise to our
work. We went through the hiring procedure of Palo Alto Police Department,

                                                                       Page 14 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
