                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: The important thing, though, is to deal with the
current problem first. Show that it works, prove that these steps are making
a difference.

Mayor Burt: If you want me to try and put this in a Motion, I can do this.
There is one question that I kind of wanted to get a sense of. It's a question
that Council Member Wolbach raised of if we do have stakeholder groups like
this, does the Council want to be able to select the representative or do we
want to defer to the group's in some cases to self-select.

Council Member Berman: In some cases.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think in some cases. Like Stanford, we're really going
to choose …

Mayor Burt: Let's speak on the record here.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you want me to speak?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think for most of them the Council should choose. I
think some of them really call out for them choosing their own rep. The
School District, are we going to choose the School District rep? The School
District should choose their own rep. Stanford should choose their own rep.
The hospital should choose their own rep. We should choose the rest.
There may be others that we want to say they choose their own.

Mayor Burt: Let me just try to identify those who would choose. We've got
School District, hospitals, Stanford Research Park. Are those maybe the
three that we would say can choose their own?

Council Member Berman: Can we throw them all up on the board?

Mayor Burt: Yep.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's get the Motion out.

Mayor Burt: First, let me—wow. To get to 15—on the three resident ones,
just so that everybody gets to add to 15, why don't we list them as the
North or South Downtown resident, and then resident 1 and resident 2 from
elsewhere in the City. Everybody will get to agree on how many numbers
we have. We won't have that debate.

Council Member Kniss: I don't see East Palo Alto on there. Do I?

                                                                      Page 103 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
