                         TRANSCRIPT
with Council Members Schmid, DuBois, Kniss, Filseth and Holman in favor.
We now have that as our adopted Priorities for the year.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED:                    5-4 DuBois, Filseth,
Holman, Kniss, Schmid yes

Mayor Burt: Our schedule is to have lunch now. It occurs to me that maybe
we should introduce the next item, so that over lunch we can go through the
exercise leisurely. What we have is—what's the math here? Twenty-four
dots. That's somewhat of an arbitrary number. It happens to be how many
are on one of these tags. We could go into a debate whether we should
have 25 or 23 dots. Let's accept that the purpose of this is to inform us, not
necessarily to have this be a definitive vote. What we'd want to do is go
back there on the back wall and place your dots on what you think would be
the most important things for Staff to focus on this year. It doesn't mean
that things that get in the upper 24 get worked on, and the ones below there
don't get worked on. This is just trying to have a relative sense of informing
us for our subsequent conversation and the Staff what our sense is of the
most important projects.

Council Member Berman:       Can I ask two questions?     It's just questions
about what you want.

Mayor Burt: Just a second. I've got Council Member Wolbach, DuBois and
Berman. Let's try to have this just be clarifying questions rather than
advocacy. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Indeed. First, two questions.           One, can we
double up? Two, must we use all of our stickers?

Council Member Berman: Exactly my two.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: No, the doubling up is something that's done frequently in this
kind of process as a weighted response, if you want to really say something
is particularly important. I was struggling with that question. Mr. City
Manager.

Mr. Keene: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Let me just bring up another issue that
came up. First of all, I wanted to just let you know that the Staff being so
in-tune with the Council put many of the housing-related projects under the
Built Environment back there in advance. That being said, when you look at
the projects that we have there, there may be projects or initiatives that are
not there that you would somehow think are critical to your Priority setting.
                                                                         Page 50 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
