                          TRANSCRIPT
trying to do something separate from that. The actions are fairly generic.
On the emergency prep things, yes, there's a thing about keeping warm
clothes on-hand in case it gets really cold. Palo Alto, we're blessed with not
having that issue, but a town in the Sierras might. We have to keep that in
there. We're not going to take that out for each individual city. People will
just ignore that action and not bother. For the ones that are relevant, we'll
put these City services underneath.

Mr. Keene: Can I just clarify? The language in the book and, therefore, the
chapter would not be changed.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, correct.

Mr. Keene: The ...

Ms. Slater: Platform.

Mr. Keene: The online platform that we use to engage with folks or that
they will use to engage with folks will be tailored. I'm sure it would clearly
say that there will be information on Palo Alto Emergency Services
volunteers and how to be part of that program.

Mayor Burt: If I can, I'd like to ask a follow-up question of the City Manager
on the one aspect where we're talking about participating with the Office of
Sustainability and other City Staff to integrate the Cool Block program into
the S/CAP strategy and encourage the participation of the S/CAP Advisory
Board. Is that something that would be done during the pilot phase?

Mr. Keene: Help me with what you guys meant by that, so I'm clear.

Mayor Burt: Before you answer that, let me express just a little bit of
concern. The pilot is pretty discrete. Without any significant commitment or
ramifications to do the pilot, we're talking about up to 30 blocks out of 6,000
blocks in the City. This is really pretty nominal. Saying that we are going to
move beyond the pilot to assume that this will become part of our S/CAP
before we've done the pilot, that's one thing I wanted to get clarification on.
That's really a question for the City Manager, I think.

Ms. Slater: I could talk to the first part; you could talk to the second part.

Mr. Keene: Let me talk to the second part. I never read at all and I would
not read at all that this is obligating us to incorporate this specifically into
our S/CAP plan and program. That said, I could certainly see that we would
think that the concepts of kind of grass roots participation in climate change
and general statements like that would be the kind of thing, whether there

                                                                          Page 54 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
