                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Polling or outreach or a combination thereof to
see what kind of support we would get from the various entities.

Mr. Mello: I think when we come back to you, we could look a little more
closely at setting some goals on advertising, sponsorship, other things that
could offset the direct operating cost to the City. To date, we haven't
worked on any of that yet, because we don't really have a direction. We
don't have a cost. We don't know what the system's going to look like. I
think it's totally appropriate for Council to give us some feedback on what
the appetite for sponsorship and advertising and other things that could
potentially offset the operating cost would be.

Council Member Holman:         You touched on what my last comment or
question is. It seems like you're looking for direction tonight, but this is a
Study Session. I'm hearing comments and questions that sort of lead me to
think and your comments also and your presentation seem like you're
looking for direction. That's not what we can do in a Study Session. I'm
just a little concerned about what you're going to take away from this.

Mr. Keene: I think we wanted to surface the issue. We are interested in
comments. Josh kind of gave actually a pretty expansive presentation even
though in a lot of ways it's—no pun intended—motivated once again by a
short-term decision point that we have about do we want to start expending
$100,000 to keep the Motivate program in. That's a pretty narrow decision
point. Partly for us to just tease out from the Council is there value in
keeping the Motivate system the way we have it now. That helps us inform
the near-term decision.      He presented an alternative with SoBi and
everything. When Council Member Schmid talks about shuttles versus SoBi,
those are helpful but those would be the kind of things we would have to
come back to the Council for actual direction. Even the idea of the maps is
just one way to have drawn a map. Obviously in Palo Alto, we would never
be able to identify where stations ought to be based on the first go on
anybody's map. Clearly we would have to come back. In a lot of ways
we're trying to get a sense of do we even hang with the existing program or
not, just to get your sense, versus is it worthwhile diving deeper into what
we might do with an alternative program or is there no interest in that at all.
I haven't heard that, for example. For the most part, I would take away,
unless somebody says something differently, there doesn't seem much
interest to keep hanging on with the program that we have right now, given
the cost and what it is. There could be an interest in this other program
which you'd want to see more alternatives, comparisons, etc., before a
decision would be made. We'd have to come back. We'd be prepared to do
that based on tonight.


                                                                         Page 18 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
