                          TRANSCRIPT
Element looked different from the nature of the 1998-2010 Comp Plan. In
that Comp Plan, most of the narrative was sprinkled throughout,
interspersed with the policies and programs. In fact, there was often a
paragraph of narrative after each policy and program. It wasn't all collected
at the beginning. When you looked at the Element and saw it all collected at
the beginning, you're wondering why is there so much narrative. That's
why. It's not more narrative than there was in the old Comp Plan; it was
just segregated differently. I think that's worth considering instead of just
saying take a meat axe to the narrative in terms of restructuring and
refactoring it and incorporating it with the policies and programs and the
1998-2010 Comp Plan was. Thank you.

Dan Garber, CAC Co-Chair: Because we're Co-Chairs, I'm going to talk as
well. First of all, a general comment. Really great discussion this evening.
I can't tell you how helpful this is. I really look forward to it coming back.
The additional conversation that you're going to give it is very, very helpful.
One of the things that we are beginning to focus on, because we're finally at
a point where we can do this particularly with the Transportation Element, is
everybody got all their ideas out, and Staff diligently put all the items
together. We ended up twice as many policies as the previous Comp Plan.
We ended up with a third more programs. Part of the focus is now also to
refine, consolidate and make this a cleaner, qualitative document that can
be read. Critical to that effort is going to be Staff's involvement in taking a
strong hand in helping us craft a lot of this language. We are all amateurs;
they're professionals. Getting their ability and their art into it is going to be
extremely helpful to us. To that end, we need a Jeremy Two. If you could
provide some emphasis there, that would be very helpful to us.

Mayor Burt: What if we just had a policy to reduce programs and a program
to reduce policies.

Mr. Garber: I would triple that.

Mayor Burt: I think that we're good enough without taking Motions on this.
Everybody okay? That concludes Item Number Four.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: We have Council Member Comments. Yeah, report out.



                                                                          Page 87 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
