                          TRANSCRIPT
"G." Here you've got to determine the radius of influence. That's another
way of saying it is that cone of depression that Kirsten referred to. You've
got to do an analysis that determines that cone of depression. That's the
first part of this. Let's move on, Kirsten. No, I'm sorry. It's still "G." Still
within "G," there's a couple of other important parts of "G." One needs to
determine whether or not there's a reasonable likelihood that the proposed
dewatering will cause effects on offsite structures or infrastructure. The
second point on the slide is sort of the same thing but with respect to
vegetation and trees. You've got to determine whether there's a reasonable
likelihood that the proposed dewatering project will reduce the amount of
water that's available to trees or vegetation. Those are the two statements
which the applicant must make, whether or not those two things have been
found. In the case of the second, the one that relates to trees and
vegetation, you'll see that we've been prescriptive there that a certified
arborist has to be involved in that. It's not on the slide, but the other part
has to be essentially certified by a geotechnical engineer. That's "G."
Related to "G" is Number 3. This is Number 3, but again remember all of
this is part of Recommendation Number 5. Number 3 says that you've got
to—the first part of it says if you identify any of these effects, namely that
it's reasonably likely that there would be an effect, then there needs to be
an avoidance measure both identified and implemented that would minimize
those identified effects. That's what the first part of Number 3 says. Then
you'll see on the slide that there's a second principle of the avoidance
measures. That is that avoidance measures are needed to minimize the rate
and duration of pumping regardless of whether you've identified effects or
not. The principle is that regardless of whether there's effects, you need to
try to minimize both the rate and the duration of the pumping, and you do
that with the way you're designing and operating your dewatering system.
The fourth one is to develop a monitoring plan. That goes without saying I
suppose, that we need to sort of check up on these determinations that the
builder/owner has made by monitoring to assess any actual effects on
vegetation, trees or structures. Some kind of a monitoring plan has to be
proposed. This whole thing, Number 5 on the slide says this whole thing has
to be stamped by a California licensed geotechnical engineer and made
public. What we mean by "made public" is, of course, it has to be submitted
to us, the City, and it also has to be made available to any members of the
public. We presume that the nearer neighbors would be in the category of
people who would want to see this. I'm going to stop there, I think, with
that. The recommendations and next steps. Our recommendation is that
you approve these requirements, these recommendations, I mean, and that
you provide direction to Staff as you wish with any other work items that is
from Group 2 or Group 3. If there's something specific there that you have,
then you of course will want to direct Staff to do it. Our most fundamental

                                                                         Page 37 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
