                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That fails for lack of a second.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to replace in the Motion Part A, “Option A” with “Option C” and
replace in the Motion Part B, “6,000” with “8,800.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I like the idea of having two, breaking this
scenario into two. I like the suggestion that has been made, that these do
not have to be full EIR analysis, but maybe a planning document that could
come back to Council quickly and allow the Council to assess them, not
focusing on all steps of the EIR but those which have the biggest impacts on
the City, on performance base, and maybe have the Council make a decision
in the (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt:    Shall we ask Staff to comment on whether that is proper
legally?

Mr. Keene: That's not the thrust of the motion. However, what I spoke to
was we may come back to the Council, since you're not going to vote on this
before 12:15 A.M. at least, with again just an expression of what our
understanding of what the motion says and the implications on schedule,
timeline, those kinds of things. We might be able to do it as part of the item
on the 6th when we're bringing the other EIR items back to the Council. The
intent here would be to ultimately do an EIR analysis on these alternatives.

Council Member Schmid: Option C is the same—"B", I mean, is Option C
from the Staff Report raising the housing units. I think Option A should be
from the Staff Report, but lowering the jobs number to 6,200, which is the
long-term growth rate of jobs over the last 15-20 years. Will the maker
accept that?

Mayor Burt: First, you've asserted that that is the long-term growth rate
over the last 15-20 years. We haven't seen this basis. Does Staff have any
comment on whether that's the correct number?

Council Member Schmid: I'm using the nine monitored numbers from the ...

Ms. Gitelman: I don't. I'd have to look that up. I would remind you that
we've already approved the hospital project, which predicted 2,400 jobs.

Mayor Burt: We know that.

                                                                      Page 110 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
