                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm gathering that Staff has no thoughts as to whether
or not they'd rather us send it to a Committee and then come back to
Council or they'd rather have a Study Session or if they'd rather have
basically a Study Session with some action on some limited issues or what
you think would be the most …

Mr. Keene: I think the Council would in a better position to tell us what you
would think would be the shortest route.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Obviously I'm in support of this and glad that this
can happen. Some of us were—I think a lot of people have been interested
in this for a good long while. Last year there seemed to be roadblocks to
doing this. Not wanting, by any means, to dictate to somebody else what
they can do, I think it would be helpful, because it is an agreement and an
arrangement with another community, to know what the priorities are. I
know there's been this affordable housing project ready to go, just haven't
had the water. Council Member DuBois mentioned groundwater pumping
and limiting that. It would be interesting to know also what kind of
development you are looking at in terms of commercial, what kind of
commercial, retail versus general office or whatever. It'd be just interesting
to know and helpful to know as this becomes a more public dialog what the
priorities are. Happy to support this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, do you have a second brief thing?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah. I just wanted to make the clarification that
the two-tier drought allocation of 11.4 thousand acre feet is what the SFPUC
can provide based on the ISG. You have to provide not just RISG but what
the SFPUC can provide based upon that number.

Mr. Keene: This thing gets sliced and diced in a lot of different ways. There
will be new agreements that are going to be coming up as it relates to some
of the drought conditions and a lot of unknowns. We'll be in a position to
talk through all of those at the Committee or whatever level with the
Council.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll also be looking forward to supporting this. I
would say that, from my own perspective, I don't think it's appropriate to
place any conditions on the water allocation. There's a clear disparity, and
                                                                        Page 78 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
