                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: The other one, we should wait—this confused me a little
bit. The other one we should wait for the parking study, but yet previously
at Council we were ready to go.

Mr. Keene: Lalo, can you update us?

Mr. Perez: Yes. Right now we don't have a funding identified. One of the
things you'll hear us talk to you on the 13th is that our priority has been
what you told us to do which is the Infrastructure Plan, what we call the
$126 million plan you adopted. We've sprinkled in some new projects in
there, but we didn't have enough for these two. Some of the discussions
that I think we need to have is how should we pay for this. I think there's
been some discussions among some of you whether it should be business,
should it be the General Fund, a combination. We need to have a discussion
with the parking group as well, because maybe we need to look at increasing
permit fees as part of that solution. I think it needs more work. Also having
the discussions with you earlier about the golf course and the Post Office, we
felt that putting these two forward would make it even more difficult.

Mayor Burt: What I in part just heard is that 35 is as much about a policy
discussion as it is waiting for the paid parking study. The policy discussion
may be additionally informed by the paid parking study. Do we need to wait
for the paid parking study to move this forward at a policy level?

Mr. Keene: You don't have to make this decision tonight. Number 1, one of
the ...

Mayor Burt: We do if it's going to keep us from going home.

Mr. Keene: No, it's not going to keep you from going home. We're going to
be talking at Finance about adjustments to the CIP related to balancing the
budget. You gave us some directives, so we'll be coming back to the Council
with some potential recommendations from Finance that are moving CIP
funding around. You have the opportunity to look at where funding is in the
CIP. You very well may decide that you would naturally just agree with
where Lalo is right now, in keeping it in Fiscal Year '18 or wherever we've
got it, pending the arrival of some other funding streams. You may say you
want to figure out how to fund it in advance of that.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask a question? We have in our Infrastructure Plan a
Downtown parking garage, at least one. As we debate how big that would
be and one or two, does this potentially go into that decision and is it really
kind of our same bucket of dollars that we were tentatively putting toward
parking garages, some fraction of that might go in this direction?

                                                                        Page 94 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
