                         TRANSCRIPT

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. I'm
looking at the pulling of the item as more of a procedural matter than
substantive. That's not to diminish from the discussion. I think actually
when we have the discussion, if it goes Finance, it can be resolved, I think,
pretty quickly. Almost instinctively this is essentially an enterprise funded
program with 100 percent of the costs offset by fees, both on the Business
Registry and otherwise. We do have like real life deadlines, so we need to
put this on the Finance Committee Agenda, if you do this, at the next
meeting which is on the 16th. I think the meeting is—the Agenda is not so
heavy that that presents a problem. We need to try to come back to the
Council on the 22nd. The implications on our existing Staff of the burdens
that are out there and with the public with an advertised date of starting on
March 1st just means that if we want to do this process, that's find. We just
need Council to work with the schedule with us on this also so that we can
support and handle the phone calls and things that are going to be coming in
as best as we can.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If Finance supports it, of course I'm happy with it
coming back on the Consent Calendar.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights, so please vote on the board. That passes
unanimously. Item Number 7b will be referred to Finance Committee.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.   Review and Discussion Regarding the Draft Community Services and
     Facilities Element Recommended by the Comprehensive Plan Update
     Citizens Advisory Commission (CAC).

Mayor Burt: Our next     item is Item Number 8, review and discussion
regarding the draft      Community Services and Facilities Element
recommended by the       Comprehensive Plan Update Citizen Advisory
Commission. Thank you.    Welcome.

Jeremy Dennis, Advance Planning Manager: Thank you. Let me just set up
here. One moment please. Good evening, Mayor Burt, members of the
Council.

Mayor Burt: Good evening.

Mr. Dennis: Jeremy Dennis, Advance Planning Manager. I'm joined by my
boss, Director of Planning, Hillary Gitelman, and the special guest to my
right, your left, is Don McDougall, who's a member of the CAC and will be
                                                                       Page 13 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
