                          TRANSCRIPT
used. In this sort of example in my slide, we're using one foot as a safety
factor. There's sea level rise, which we came to talk about. Here we're
using an example of a three foot sea level rise. On the previous slide, we
know that these estimates have ranged from essentially one foot to greater
than six feet. Here we use three feet to show you an example of sea level
rise, adding on to all of these other things which could contribute to an
increase in the level we could protect against. You see that our current
levee is now completely overwhelmed. I'm going to ask Kirsten to take you
through the rest of these slides.

Kirsten Struve, Environmental Control Program Manager: Thanks, Phil. This
is an image you might have seen already in the Sustainability and Climate
Action Plan. It's the sea level rise vulnerability in Palo Alto. The Bay
Conservation Development Commission, or BCDC, requires planning for 55
inches of sea level rise as part of its Bay plan. BCDC's jurisdiction is 100
feet in from the Bay. That's what the darker blue shows, the 55-inch sea
level rise and the vulnerable area in Palo Alto. I know it's confusing with all
the different estimates, but the Pacific Institute estimates that a 3.28-foot
rise in sea level would put 220,000 in the Bay Area at risk of a 100-year
flood event and also threaten critical infrastructure and natural ecosystems.
The cost of replacing all this property that is at risk of coastal flooding with
sea level rise is estimated at $49 billion. The Staff Report goes through a lot
of these initiatives. Last September, we brought a response to a Grand Jury
report to the Council. The Grant Jury found that Santa Clara County has a
very disjointed approach to sea level rise and that there was no true leader
coordinating these efforts and suggested that the Water District should be
the coordinating agency. We go into more detail on both the State and the
Bay Area efforts. We are very actively participating in the coastal hazards
adaptation and resiliency group, which is a collection of agencies, local,
State agencies, that are dealing with sea level rise. It has several subgroups
dealing with funding, policy and technical aspects and also a regional
subgroup that is led by the Water District. The Water District is assuming a
leadership role for the county. BCDC is looking at possibly being a regional
leader for the Bay Area. In terms of what to do about sea level rise, there
are three basic response tools. One is to protect using traditional levees,
flood walls and wetlands. The next is to adapt, and that could be various
things; elevated structures like we've already seen in some areas of the
South Bay, structures that can be submerged or sort of a managed retreat,
starting to plan for nothing being there in the future. Retreat is either
partially or completely surrendering a facility to rising sea levels. These
tools could be used in the same place, either together or in series depending
on what happens in the future. The six guiding principles we're presenting
are to plan for whatever the current planning level is, which at this point is
55 inches of sea level rise by 2100; to monitor the latest science and adapt
                                                                          Page 3 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
