                          TRANSCRIPT
have some of the data that I said would be needed for an intelligent
response to the idea of where we're going with this issue. Those matters
meant that there should be a reconsideration and that the original reading,
the first reading there, was deficient because of the advice of the City
Attorney, which I mentioned. In promoting that, the letter from the League
of California Cities said at the bottom, "this is not intended as legal advice.
Reader should seek the advice of an attorney and confront the legal issues.
Attorney should perform an independent evaluation of the issues raised in
these materials." I suggested who you needed to talk to was not only the
District Attorney but the Attorney General of the State of California and the
Attorney General of the United States, both offices of which will turnover in
January. The thing that was deficient, that I noted in the Minutes of those
first meetings, was a correct reading of Section 11362.2 of Proposition 64 on
Page 181 of the text of the proposed laws. I suggested that night that you
had not read that, and I don't know how many of you went back and have
read it by this time. Tonight the measure before you in Number 15 is not
only a restatement of the 4422 urgency measure of 1997, but it has in it
language to the effect that on November 9th, 2016 and what would happen
then, Section C and D of the measure you're asked to pass tonight under the
Consent Calendar. The problem is November 8th has come and gone. This
thing started with sloppy work, and it's ended with some sloppy work. My
suggestion at this time would be to lay the measure on the table and
actually perform from an informed rather than an erroneous set of
assumptions and propositions. I think this is important given the history of
Palo Alto with things like the collective and the drug programs that were
City-sponsored in the early '70s. Those ended badly, and there still is a
problem not only with marijuana but with heroin and other hard drugs here
in the community. Let's not send the wrong message to people.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes Oral Communications.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We now move onto the Consent Calendar.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Move approval.

Council Member Wolbach: Second.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach. We have one speaker, Kip Husty, to speak on Item
Number 15.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Lalo has a …

                                                                         Page 10 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
