                          TRANSCRIPT
if you remember reading the Staff Report, it's very difficult in other kinds of
developments to figure out how much is residential. We looked at IRs since
those are all residential. When we look at the IR expansion—again, since
these are flat fees, they would have this two-phase process. If you look at
an IR expansion, for instance, in—when I considered the fee for the
expansion itself and I'm assuming your question also asks all the fees that
would be charged to that person, like noticing fees and so on. The increase
for expansion would be 62 percent to the applicant in 2017 and a total of
110 percent in Fiscal Year '18.

Mayor Burt:   Those are percentages.     What does that mean in dollars for
now?

Ms. Nikzat: It's $1,924 in 2017 and $3,430 in 2018 against the original. It's
not one increase and then—I've done the first one, and then the
accumulation for Fiscal Year '18.

Ms. Gitelman: These are shown in Attachment A. If you look at Attachment
A, the section related to Individual Review fees, you'll see they're flat fees
that are proposed to go up in two tranches. An applicant that would
currently be paying $4,166, in the next fiscal year would be paying $5,679
and the following year $7,046 plus the noticing ...

Ms. Nikzat: And the preliminary review with an architect, which goes up
from 112 to 245 in 2017.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. On the nonresidential, on Page 8, the first full
paragraph seems like it may be responding to that. It says Staff has
provided a draft of proposed fee and hourly rates changes to members of
the Development Customer Advisory Group for their input. Prior in the
report, there was a reference to—I think it's on Page 3, the second
paragraph—Development Services is examining all their fees under a
separate study. Are these referring to fees that are being reviewed by the
Development Customer Advisory Group but are not under the purview of the
Development Services Department?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. The matter before you this
evening is only the fees that are charged by Planning and Community
Environment. We transmitted the materials to the Development Customer
Advisory Group (DCAG) for their input, because it's a group of stakeholders
that we thought might be interested in this. We are not proposing to
increase or change any of the fees charged by the Development Services
Department. They're doing their own fee study currently.


                                                                         Page 16 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
