                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: You have the option of sending it back to the ARB or you have
the option of conditionally approving it so that you can make the findings or
you just deny it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't need "1" or "4." We can just deny it based on
the architectural review findings.

Ms. Silver: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: As I said, I think this project does meet "1" and "4." I
think that it meets the architectural review findings as set forth in the Staff
Report.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I support the substitute Motion. I think the facade
along El Camino has been pointed out now numerous times as a critical
issue. It has an impact not just on that street, but on future developments
along El Camino. I also think the Planning Commission said a Transportation
Demand Management solution should be established for the building. I think
that deals directly with the Site and Design Number 1, operated in a manner
that will be orderly, harmonious and compatible. My concern about the TDM
is, in the earlier questions, the Staff made the point that they were thinking
about or working toward building a TDM; we did not have it yet. This
approval tonight would lead directly to production to a site. I think there's a
serious disconnect between the request of the PTC for an effective TDM
program and where the City is in building, thinking about, constructing an
effective TDM program.

Mayor Burt: I agree that we do have a disconnect between our current
zoning including TDM and what we would like to see going forward. Again, I
want to make sure that we as a Council are focusing on our obligation to
review projects based upon current zoning. I do find that there is—I had
been struggling with us—that Finding Numbers 5, having to do with
harmonious transitions in scale and character, and 6, compatible with
approved improvements both on and off the site, are arguably a sound basis
to deny the project. I cannot see where Findings 1, 2 or 4 can really be
made well. Finding 1 is the use will be constructed in a way that's orderly
and compatible not with the City, not with our transportation, but uses of
adjoining or nearby sites. I don't see this as an incompatible use. I could
not support the motion with Finding Number 1 included. Finding Number 2,
I think is also a stretch, as is Finding Number 3. I would like to propose to
the maker and the seconder that the claim of incompatibility with Findings 1,
2 and 4 be deleted and "5" and "6" remain.

                                                                        Page 64 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
