                          TRANSCRIPT
standard guest amenity space. We plan to build a sustainably responsible
building which uses the site more effectively. We want to create a modest
corner presence. El Camino and Hansen is an important intersection. We
want to be consistent with the upper mid-level hotels being built today. We
love the Clement, but we don't want to compete with it. We want to
improve safety and access by shifting the building towards El Camino,
relocating our driveway off Hansen Way. We already have guests who
identify the reason they choose us is being walkable to the Research Park.
We love that. We want to create for our staff and guests a 21st century
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program which reduces Vehicle
Miles Traveled (VMT). We know this is consistent with the desire this
Council has recently voiced for this area. Just to clarify, we're not looking to
create zero setbacks from the street. The concept for a site plan that we
show here, just a concept, will increase the El Camino effective sidewalk
from eight feet to 12 feet or more, consistent with the updated El Camino
Real Design Guidelines. On Hansen Way, our street side effective sidewalk
and planting area is already unusually wide and will remain more than 22
feet deep. You can expect we will be Code conforming, we will generate
increased Transportation Occupancy Tax (TOT), we will enhance safety, we
will reduce VMTs, and we anticipate no negative impacts. Here's some
thoughts for your discussion. A special setback adopted years after hotel
construction with no ascertainable purpose which dictates poor design
outcomes should be removed. A Code conforming project requiring no
exceptions and providing significant benefit to the City should be offered the
opportunity to be reviewed without the incongruous setback requirements.
Look forward to your comments and your discussion. Happy to answer any
questions that you might have as we're going through the process here.
Thank you for the time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council for questions and
discussion. A reminder that we will not be taking any action tonight. No
one wants to go? Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm trying to remember off the top of my head. I
think I raised the question about special setbacks when we were having a
housing discussion recently. I'm not 100 percent sure where we should go
with this. This is something I think we should have an exploration of. It's
actually larger than this particular project. That's all I really have to say
about the special setbacks right now, but I'm still undecided about this one.
One question I have is really around shifting parking off of Hansen onto El
Camino Real. I'm curious if the applicant's thought about some of the
potential downsides as it relates to traffic flow and bicycle safety along El
Camino Real. If we're talking about trying to improve bikeability, maybe at
some point in the future even having protected bike lanes on the edge of El
                                                                         Page 25 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
