                          TRANSCRIPT
other properties in the GM zone that's local to 3241, that either have a retail
or automotive services use. Under the City Staff's current interpretation, the
property at 3241 is required to have a retail or automotive services use, a
requirement that is not imposed on any other property in the local GM zone,
which is an unfair discrimination. For these reasons, we ask you to direct
Staff to make a decision to exclude the 3241 property from the provisions of
the urgency ordinance. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Kristina Lawson to be followed by Benjamin Cintz.
Welcome.

Kristina Lawson: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of the City
Council. My name is Kristina Lawson. I'm a land use attorney with Manatt,
Phelps and Phillips here in Palo Alto. For over a year now, I've been working
with the Morris family in regard to their 100 Addison property here in Palo
Alto. I first wrote to the Planning Director over a year ago on August 19th,
2015, laying out the reasons why we thought a waiver was necessary and
why that would help the Morris family to mitigate the economic hardship it
was facing knowing that it could not lease the building. Just for some
context, there's been a lot of talk about what the building had been leased
for and what the proposal was, whether there was renegotiation perhaps
attempted by Addison Antiques. The Morris family had increased the rent
only 56 cents in the 10 years prior to Addison Antiques vacating that
location. At the time it vacated, it was being leased for $1.56 per square
foot. They were heavily subsidizing that use at that location in Palo Alto.
They left the building. They did not decide to renegotiate. There was not
negotiation over price. Addison Antiques simply vacated the building. Now,
I know you've received our extensive correspondence. I think we've written
to the City four, maybe five times. You've heard directly from the owners of
100 Addison; you've also heard from their broker about this particular
location.     Presumably when the Council enacted both the original
moratorium and then the extension to two years, it provided a mechanism
to grant a waiver or an adjustment from the retail conversion prohibition
because it recognized that there were situations that would result in such
economic hardship that the Ordinance should not apply. This is one of them.
I think it's a little bit unfortunate that tonight we're talking about 100
Addison in the context of the entirety of the ordinance and also these other
properties, because there are some very, very unique features to this
particular property. If you just take a look, it really has no windows. It's
not attractive to a retail end user and, in fact, upwards of 35 have inquired
to the brokers and have declined to even come see the space once they
realize what it's really all about. We do know that there have been some
retail uses that have spoken with City Staff. Again, they haven't pursued it
because it's just not the type of location.           When they hear that
                                                                       Page 67 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
