                         TRANSCRIPT
alternative explanation which is these people are reacting defensively. As
we have watched this program, it has grown in random ways. In fact, I
would liken it to inoculating yourself with cancer and watching the lesion
grow around the margins and metastasize in unpredictable ways. If we are
to go with this path of expanding the program and giving commercial
employees the opportunity to park in residential communities which have
never had that kind of parking, I think we need to be very careful about how
that is designed. If we do this and have the 2,000 permits decreasing 200
per year to zero in 10 years, as a manager we need to...

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Rindfleisch: ... ensure that that happens. It was said that this is an
experimental program. Let me just finish one sentence. That seems to me
to be inconsistent with the 10-year horizon. I expect as you folks get turned
over that we will hear arguments...

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Rindfleisch: ... for why this program should be delayed, and we'll never
get to that end.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Rindfleisch:  I would ask you to add to the Resolution a strong
requirement that this move forward concretely. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Next speaker is Unmesh Sahasrabuddhe.

Unmesh Sahasrabuddhe: I've lived in Palo Alto for about 17 years. I've
lived in the Downtown as well as Crescent Park.         When I moved to
Downtown, I knew that there was a parking problem. When I moved to
Crescent Park, I knew that there was ample parking. In the last six months,
parking on our street is practically impossible during daytime. I live on
Lytton Avenue between Guinda and Seneca Streets. The City should not
have Crescent Park residents bear the brunt of nonresident parking by
granting permits to nonresidents. If the public policy goal is to discourage
solo car driving and encourage public transportation or alternate means,
then you should find solutions that are not burdensome on employees or
residents, work with agencies, work with other governments to find solutions
for that. If there is no such goal, then mandate all developers to develop
ample parking for all the new development that's occurring in the Downtown
and the surrounding neighborhoods. Since employer after employer is
facing that issue, that they can't do without parking for employees, then
maybe just give up on the public policy goal and provide more parking.
                                                                       Page 22 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
