                          TRANSCRIPT
Stanford in the afternoon. Left turns from Embarcadero westbound to El
Camino Real southbound did not warrant dual left turn-lanes. The previous
study back in 2013 actually recommended dual left turn-lanes for that
movement. We found that there were actually higher right-turn volumes
going westbound than there were left-turn volumes. There's currently no
dedicated right turn-lane if you're going westbound on Embarcadero
approaching El Camino. We also collected bicycle and pedestrian counts.
We counted 50 bicycles per hour going into Stanford in the morning; 171
bicyclists going towards Paly in the morning; and then an average of about
20 to 30 pedestrians per hour walking along Embarcadero Road. One of the
highest pedestrian counts was across the north leg of the El Camino and
Embarcadero intersection. This is important because those pedestrians
crossing the north leg are also conflicting with those right-turn vehicles that
I mentioned earlier. You have a lot of right-turners being delayed by
pedestrians as they cross El Camino.           They're also delaying through-
motorists because there's no dedicated right turn-lane. We observed quite a
bit of westbound delays. As I mentioned earlier, a lot of it was due to
people exiting the Trader Joe's driveway and also the lack of coordination
between the two signal cabinets, the one controlling the pedestrian
crosswalk and the driveway and the one controlling the El Camino signal.
This shows some of the merging issues. Coupled with the vehicles exiting
Trader Joe's and cutting off the vehicles in the curb-lane, we also have a
shuttle stop that's located in that same area where people are crossing from
left to right across that curb-lane. We saw lots of bikes on sidewalks, and
we continue to see that. I've talked to a lot of cyclists in town, and this is
one of the few roadways in the City where even the most adventurous
cyclists feel uncomfortable riding in the travel lane and often ride on the
sidewalk until they get to the bike lane within Stanford campus. We saw
unsafe pedestrian movements. This is on the east side of the underpass
over near Kingsley, on the south side of Embarcadero. Sorry, on the north
side over near Kingsley and Emerson. As I mentioned, we got a lot of great
feedback from the public. All of the notes and the drawings from the
community meetings are included in your packet this evening. We got lots
of constructive feedback. We sent mailers out to any residences along the
corridor.    There's not a great deal of residences, but we had good
attendance from those folks that live on the north side of Embarcadero near
Kingsley and Emerson. They offered us some great constructive feedback at
the two meetings. This is an overview of the pros and cons of each of the
alternatives. This is included in your packet as well. I'll jump right into the
alternatives and, in the interest of time, try to move through them as quickly
as possible. The first concept is Concept Plan Alternative 1. The biggest
component of this is a Dutch-style protected intersection at the intersection
of El Camino and Embarcadero. This works sort of like a traffic circle for
bicyclists. They circulate around the intersection under signal control, but
                                                                        Page 59 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
