                          TRANSCRIPT
nobody needs that lawn out there. All it does is soak up water. You can't let
your kids out to play, and there's some very creative things that can be
done with a front yard to create more space for a house. Just recently my
next door neighbors were having some work done on their roof at 8:00 in
the morning. Suddenly there were workers up there. I hadn't gotten
dressed for work yet. I realized I had glass, glass, glass, glass, glass. I was
trying to figure out where I could go to get dressed, because there are no
shades in my house. I bought the house because it opens to the outdoors.
I'm thinking this would be horrible. It actually gave us more incentive to
work on an SSO, because it would just wreck what we treasure in the house.
The fact that it is open to the outdoors. The fact that it does open to the
outdoors means it doesn't need to be so big, because we spend much of our
time enjoying the outdoors. I think that it should be possible to get a decent
amount of space. I've watched my neighbors who had two sets of twins also
do a remodel that accommodated everybody. I very much hope that you
will take all of this into consideration and pass an SSO for us. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     John Potter to be followed by Nisha Potter.
Welcome.

John Potter: Hi. I'm John Potter; I live at 3421 Greer Road. I want to
speak in support of the SSO. We purposely bought an Eichler; we've always
loved Eichlers. When we moved out to California, it was one of the things
that attracted us as kind of a California house. We should really be
encouraging their preservation. I think that a lot has been made of the fact
there's existing two-story houses. I think the ones that are going to be built
in the future are going to be very different. The fact that we have such
small lots and we're in the flood zone means that the houses are going to be
extremely tall; they're going to be 30 feet tall probably. That's definitely
going to block out light and private around us. I really urge you to pass this
SSO.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Nisha Potter to be followed by Heather MacDonald.
Welcome.

Nisha Potter: Hi. I'm Nisha (inaudible) Potter. I own 3421 Greer Road, and
I previously rented 3407 Janice Way. These are both houses in Royal Manor
tract. I'm in favor of the SSO. It has been mentioned that these houses
cannot accommodate large families. Both of the houses that I have lived in
have been renovated successfully by remaining one-story Eichlers. My
current house has a second master suite that was added for in-laws
previously by the owners, and which I can move my immigrant parents into.
I have also been in other renovated Eichlers, including one that has two
adults and four very large teenagers and pets living in it very comfortably.

                                                                         Page 80 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
