                         TRANSCRIPT
things that caught my eye. One is on Packet Page 372. It talks about Staff
expects that a contract with Pets in Need can be finalized before beginning
discussions with partner agencies about service changes. What kind of
service changes would you anticipate? That's in the Staff Report, not the
term sheet. I don't know what that means.

Mr. Alaee: This is in relation to our contracts with the City of Los Altos and
City of Los Altos Hills. At this stage, we don't anticipate any changes to
those contracts. What we'd like to do is provide Pets in Need an opportunity
once they've begun as well as our partner agencies to have conversations
about potential changes that either party would like to see. We wouldn't
want to prohibit any changes. We have been keeping them informed, and
they've been part of the process.

Council Member Holman: I got that. When you're talking about potential
service changes or level of service changes, you mean those other entities
might enjoy or entreat upon Pets in Need to provide, not that we would be
diminishing services or anything of that nature.

Mr. Alaee: Yes, yes.

Council Member Holman:         This has to do with the site itself.        As
programming is being developed, there's land there that is on the site, but it
isn't being afforded to the animal shelter. I'm wondering where we are the
parking that another department uses along the side. Is that going to be
afforded to Pets in Need? There's some parking of another vehicle behind.
Is that going to be afforded the animal shelter and Pets in Need? The
reason I ask is because those are locations and opportunities for more
income-producing activities. For no other reason, I would say that's why the
question is coming forward.

Mr. Alaee: Everything's on the table. The facility is such a key part of the
service model and delivering the needs that the community expects. It's so
important that we've been working with Pets in Need. They've even had
architects already come and look at the site and evaluate the site. It's one
of the three remaining discussion points that we need to have. The parking
lot in front and potentially other space around that site is all on the table,
depending on the service model and the size of the facility.

Council Member Holman: I think my only other question is—there's nothing
referenced in the term sheet. I appreciate the term sheet. Help me out
with why a term sheet as opposed to a letter of intent.

Mr. Alaee: What is not referenced in the term sheet?

                                                                       Page 45 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
