                          TRANSCRIPT
there any way that you're seeing that they could be strengthened, their
importance could be strengthened in the findings?

Mr. Lew: I would say that my general feeling about the Context Based
Criteria is the way that they're written in our Code, it looks like design
guidelines. It looks like the design guidelines that we have for certain areas
of the City. It looks like that's pick-and-choose and not all of these apply.
Whatever we do in terms of formatting of them or structuring them so it's
more like a checklist, to say that all of these things apply, I think would be
welcome. I think the Staff knows that. The Staff wants to bring that
forward in the future.

Council Member Holman: I think those are my only questions. If you have
...

Mayor Burt: While he's up here, Council Member Kniss has some questions
for Mr. Lew.

Council Member Holman: Sure, of course.

Mayor Burt: Then I can return to you, if that's all right.

Council Member Holman: I just wanted to give him the opportunity to make
any comments he wanted to. I'm happy to cede for questions.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks for being here. It's very nice of you to come
on a Monday night when you don't have to especially. Let me go backward
here for a minute. I want to talk about Number 2, the internal sense of
order which is an interesting comment. Then also the one comment you
made that really struck home is compatibility. I have some houses in my
neighborhood that are not compatible with mine. I'm not happy with them
at all, but it doesn't make any difference. It's their house. It was designed
apparently by some famous architect and wins all kinds of awards. Help me
with this. I live in a rather classic house. It kind of looks like a lot of other
houses in Palo Alto. I'm sort of comfortable with that. Apparently, in my
neighborhood in particular, experimenting with lots of different styles and
houses ...

Mayor Burt:     Council Member Kniss, these don't apply to single-family
homes.

Council Member Kniss:     Aren’t we talking about compatibility?     I'm talking
about compatibility.

                                                                          Page 19 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
