                          TRANSCRIPT
interest loans for an individual who says, "I qualify for whatever the rules
are, current or future. I qualify for the rules for a BMR unit, but I'm on a
fixed income and I can't afford the construction cost." The ADU, whether it's
a freestanding structure or just remodeling inside my existing home, so it
blends in, but I can't afford it. If the City said, "We'd be willing to make
available or help you find a low interest loan if you commit to listing your
ADU as a BMR unit for X number of years," I think that would be really
great.    These are complex discussions.        Going back to the idea of
preservation. I don't think we can get into it a lot tonight. I want to make
sure it's mentioned. One is the question of right of return. If a small,
multifamily housing complex is replaced with a larger, higher density,
multifamily housing complex, is there a way we can make sure the people
who are there now don't get displaced permanently, but could come back
after the remodel is done. Two, a voluntary program to encourage landlords
not to increase their rents rapidly. Just as one example, Redwood City has a
program that, I understand, works like the City says to a landlord, "If you
agree for X number of years to moderate your rental increases, we'll help
you pay for your fire sprinkler upgrades," which is actually a pretty big debt.
Third, I think we do need to talk about ghost houses at some point. Fourth,
a year ago we asked City Staff to come back in a year—we're coming up on
that—about short-term rentals. I think we need to look to what other cities
have done to have better regulation, clearer rules about short-term rentals.
I've become very concerned about what short-term rentals, Airbnb, etc.,
what that means for the loss of housing stock, whether it's somebody's ADU
or their whole house they're renting out or even whole apartment buildings.
They get taken off of the market to be regular rental housing, market rate
housing, and they get turned into hotel rates which are far beyond what
almost anybody can pay on a monthly basis. Those are my thoughts for
now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I'm going to try also not to
take up all the time that Marc Berman said he wasn't going to take up. I
want to make a few very sort of more high-level comments on how I think
we should look at that and reserve the right, if there's time remaining, and
come back and talk in detail. First, I want to note that we just approved a
supply increase in town of several hundred or as many as 1,800 units of
market rate housing, depending on how many of those are in the City as
those folks migrate into the Stanford housing development that's going to
come online in a few years. We've had a pretty big increase tonight in City
housing without actually even building anything. The main challenge here
and the reason we've all been in here and are still here late at night is this is
not an easy problem. The reality is we can't possibly house everybody who
                                                                         Page 87 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
