                          TRANSCRIPT
spoke with you.      I wanted an understanding of why that is not the
appropriate solution or why it wasn't imposed or your reaction to that.

Mr. Piros: Why it was not imposed is based on the findings of the risk
assessment. We didn't conclude that there is a significant risk in the area.
Now, as Mr. Siegel pointed out, what he was discussing is something that is
addressed in the DTSC guidance. The primary difference between what
Stanford is proposing and what Mr. Siegel is proposing—Stanford is
proposing a barrier to keep the TCE from migrating upward in the buildings.
What Mr. Siegel is suggesting basically would be the addition of a layer
under that barrier, something to—basically you're ventilating out underneath
the barrier. Correct me if I'm wrong, Lenny. I think that's the primary
difference. He's proposing basically the addition of a layer underneath to
give any TCE—here we're talking an area that we determined is relatively
low levels of TCE—that migrates upward, give it a pathway to be ventilated
out from underneath the building. Again, why we didn't impose it is because
we determined—based on our risk assessment, we didn't determine there
was a significant risk in that area.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You didn't impose it because you didn't think there was
a significant risk in the area.

Mr. Piros: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Briefly, I guess when I looked at this report—thank you
very much for your responses. Those were helpful. What I took out of the
Staff Report is that—I guess I didn't see the connection between approving
this tonight and what's going on in College Terrace. I just wanted to make
sure that I understood it correctly and that Staff is basically saying there is
no connection. Mr. Balin's sampling and the information that is helpful to
DTSC in terms of any mitigation plan they may come up with or what may
go in College Terrace, but there's really no relationship between what we're
asked to do tonight and the issues with the College Terrace neighborhood.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Vice Mayor Scharff. Again, I think it's potentially
an issue of real concern. We're looking forward to seeing how DTSC
evaluates the data that Mr. Balin and the neighbors have submitted to them.
Based on what we understand to be the characterization of the soil
composition on the site and the evaluation of the risk assessment by DTSC
and their conclusions, we don't see the connection between what may or
may not exist onsite and the offsite locations.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.


                                                                         Page 39 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
