                         TRANSCRIPT
undercrossing under El Camino Real. Did Staff give any—I'm seeing blank
looks down there. I guess Staff didn't give any consideration of seeing
about that being restored or rehabilitated or in a public-private partnership
to get it rehabilitated, to get it usable, to get pedestrians and bicyclists
underneath El Camino.

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry. I don't have information for you on that.

Council Member Holman:         That's something important, I think, going
forward with this or any project that comes across here. The open space—
CN that's up here requires 9,000 square feet of open space. You've
proposed 4,500, I think it is, at the ground level and then 1,300 square feet
of balconies, which is only 5,800 square feet. What was used to determine
what those calculations were? It's hard to tell from this just because it is.
Do all units have balconies and what size would the balconies be of those
units that had balconies?

Mr. Spieker: We tried to get most units to have a patio or a balcony. Given
the units that are up against Page Mill, it makes it difficult especially with
dedicating the land for the right-hand turn lane. A couple of those units, we
were unable to do it. It's something that our architect can work on, if that's
important.

Council Member Holman: What did you use to decide what the size of the
patios were and what the size of the open space was? The open space that's
at the ground level.

Mr. Spieker: I think my architect's better to answer those questions.

John Kosi, BDE Architects: Good evening. John Kosi with BDE Architects.
We went with really what's industry standard with the depth. We've got a
number of things that we want to do. We wanted to obviously give as much
open space as we could. They kind of fit into an alcove typically off of a
bedroom. They're anywhere from 50 to 60 square feet.

Council Member Holman: You said 30 to 60 square feet?

Mr. Kosi: Fifty to 60 square feet.

Council Member Holman: Fifty to 60 square feet. I think I had one other
question. Pardon me just for a second. I don't have other questions
actually. I'll have comments later. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I have a couple other questions, one for the applicant and two
for Staff. Is there any part of the design looking at rooftop gardens?

                                                                       Page 14 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
