                          TRANSCRIPT
Service (LOS) to the original product.       I think that was a good and
mandatory important change.

Council Member Holman: I'll just throw out there it's like we're passionate
about traffic, but we're passionate about the environment, we're passionate
about land use. If we can try to control ourselves here a little bit. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Can I just jump in there, because your comments really made
me think about that issue. When we look at even the Staff Report, we said
that we were intending to have minor adjustments off the PTC. A lot of what
the CAC has done and struggled through is embracing a lot of the really
significant changes that are either occurring or on the horizon in
transportation, whether they be ones driven legislatively or ones through
emerging technologies and enhancement of the criticality of the problem.
What we got is something that is a significantly more substantial change to
the prior draft than we had asked for. What they did is the right thing.
That's kind of where I'm thinking on it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:            I'm just going to offer something for
consideration. I'm not looking for any responses on it just because of the
time. As we're thinking about how to filter down from a lot of material, a
writing process that I was taught by a professor once, that I really like and
is useful. It's seven steps. Brainstorm, categorize, critique, order, outline,
write, rewrite. Those first three steps being the most time consuming if you
do them well, brainstorm, categorize, critique. However you categorize,
whether you put the minutiae in one bucket and you put the high level stuff
in another bucket. That third step being the critique step, the opposite of
brainstorming where you're being totally open, you're throwing everything at
the wall, don't take anything off, but that critique step is where we've got to
be a little bit brutal. Picking up on what Council Member DuBois was saying.
We want to make sure to make it as streamlined as possible and really ask
the question whether on the CAC, the Staff, consultants and us on Council,
looking at things and saying, "Do we need this in there or can we streamline
it out?" Just something to think about.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a tentative date or not?

Mr. Keene: I think we'll have to look at that. Going back to some of the
comments, it'll let us look at the choreography of a number of items in the
scheduling on different elements and different land use-related matters.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That ends this item.

NO ACTION TAKEN

                                                                         Page 88 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
