                         TRANSCRIPT
timeframe. My understanding is the school forecast is like four or five years.
Whereas, anything involving land in the City is going to be very, very long
term kind of things. It's not going to change much from one year to the
next, but it will over decades. As you folks look at this, I hope the Master
Plan is going to look at a multiple decades kind of timeframe for these kinds
of things as opposed to a few years. As to the number, I know there's been
some dialog as to what the relevance of this number is and so forth. If you
look in Policy C-28, I believe the number is actually four acres of in-town
park space, two neighborhood and two District, is how it works. The number
we're at right now, I think there's like 165, 175 acres in town right now.
The number we're at is actually 2.65 or 2.7 or something like that. The City
of San Francisco actually has four acres per 1,000 residents. I think that's
where those numbers come from.

Mayor Burt: Let me start with this issue of whether we should continue to
have a goal of two acres of neighborhood park per 1,000. I was involved
with getting that adopted way back when. We knew that we didn't have it at
that time. Having that as a policy, for instance, enabled us in the Heritage
Park. We adopted it right around that timeframe, and that was an important
point of leverage in order to get two acres of Heritage Park for a
neighborhood that hadn't had a park in it. There's value in it even if we
don't have it. For instance, we have a big Fry's development. I expect that
would be part of the conversation there. I think there's a value there. In
recent years, we've looked at resourceful ways to be able to add small
amounts of parkland where it's needed. I wanted to add that it's not merely
a question of distance. It's a question of crossing major arterials. I want to
make sure that that’s in there. That was discussed a number of years ago.
It's basically kids shouldn't have to cross Oregon Expressway to get to a
park. We've added just a few pocket parks. Hopkins Park near Chaucer
Bridge, that was actually dedicated parkland. All of Hopkins Park along the
creek is dedicated parkland. We don't think of it that way. We carved out a
little area for a pocket park for a neighborhood that had none. We did that
on Matadero Creek just a couple of years ago in a similar way. It's just like
what we've done on California Avenue (Cal. Ave.) where we were sitting
there with four lanes. It didn't become park, but it's wider sidewalks, it's
those kinds of things. We need to think creatively about City-owned land.
In some cases, it's already dedicated parkland that's way underutilized. In
other cases, it was the same thing on Matadero. That was City-owned land;
we didn't have to buy it. Those kinds of thinking on how we stop looking at
some piece of land as it's always been that way.            Suddenly, it's an
opportunity if we think of it differently. I did see a reference to additional
community gardens in particularly south Palo Alto. I really want to support
that. I think that there are some areas especially in our District parks that
lend themselves to that. This can also be something that's done in some of
                                                                      Page 109 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
