                         TRANSCRIPT
Robert Neff: Good evening. I'm Robert Neff. I too am a member of the
Citizens Advisory Committee. Maybe you can imagine what our meetings
were like. First, thank you for requesting this Feasibility Study. When this
came to you last fall, the Feasibility Study provided the first practical
roadmap for developing a pathway along the creek. Please pass the Staff
recommendations for the proposals to continue the Matadero Creek Trail as
a mixed-use or pedestrian path, including eventual development of the
undercrossing at Highway 101 and at the Alma/Caltrain crossing. A mixed-
use trail from Ross to Greer along the creek enables recreational, off-street
walking and jogging there, dog walking, plus creates options for bicyclists,
especially timid cyclists who may prefer to stay off streets shared with auto
traffic. Paraphrasing of our Planning Commissioners, it makes the best use
of the available land next to the creek which would otherwise lie fallow.
Also, as my son says, it's really nice to have access to the creek channel,
even a concrete channel where (inaudible) ducks and water changing with
the seasons. I hope more funds can be found to extend this, including the
pedestrian crossing at Middlefield. Developing the seasonal underpass at
101 creates the connection for pedestrians, joggers, dog walkers and
bicyclists to Baylands destinations and mixed-use paths for recreation and
travel. As one senior noted at the demonstration day, she would like to
have access to this facility, which is already used by those able to jump a
fence at Greer or a guardrail at West Bayshore. Finally, well over half of the
250 residents who came to the creek path demonstration did express their
positive preference for developing a path.        Many safety, security and
practicality objections have been made to pathway proposals. The Staff
Report identifies practical alternatives along the corridor and has addressed
all security and safety concerns related to street crossings and public access
behind residents' back fences. These kinds of configurations already exist in
Palo Alto and in nearby cities. There's no evidence that a pathway like this
creates problems. In Palo Alto, we already have many residents whose
backyard fences separate them from public parks, schools or pathways. For
example, the Bol Park Path has backyards up against it. The Jane Lathrop
Stanford Middle School (JLS) pathway between Charleston and Meadow also
has backyards separated by simple fences. We never hear problems with
either of these areas. Please support the Staff proposal. Thank you for your
efforts to make Palo Alto a better place.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I accidentally had two cards stick together. Juliana
Irulequi, excuse me.

Juliana Irulequi: Hello. I am Juliana Irulequi, and I am 11 years old.
Regardless of what you decide on, I think it would be a good idea to put a
crosswalk at Middlefield and Sutter, because there is the Hoover Park Path,
                                                                       Page 39 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
