                          TRANSCRIPT
wake of population and economic expansion. I did just want to share that at
the senior staff leadership level we have acknowledged and agreed to the
fact that many of our challenges are regional in nature and cannot be
addressed if each jurisdiction works only in isolation. We want to be forward
looking and implement innovative solutions as necessary. We're willing to
be experimental, coordinating and evaluating appropriate pilots and test
programs. A particular focus was on improving walkability particularly in
corridors across cities, enhancing our bicycle lanes and associated
infrastructure, optimizing choices that address first and last mile problems
including shuttles, bike sharing and car sharing services and others, and
advocating enhanced service across the jurisdictions including greater
frequencies and other capacity upgrades at Caltrain and improving traffic
signal coordination and other smart approaches to better travel on our major
arterials. We acknowledged that major initiatives will require policy direction
from respective City Councils and community input. I do think it's an
important acknowledgement that each of us understands we're going to
have to work at those linkage points much more closely together to really
help develop an effective alternate mode transportation system in the
region. I'll keep you posted on that. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes, Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A quick clarification.      You gave numbers on the
Phase 2. Could you repeat those numbers?

Mr. Keene: Very quickly, the Phase 2 had 3,839 resident annual permits
distributed to date, 2,980 decals and 859 hangtags; 1,234 employee annual
permits, 821 decals and 413 employer hangtags. Three thousand eight
hundred thirty-nine resident annual permits and 1,234 employee annual
permits.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

[Minutes Approval was taken up prior to this item.]


                                                                        Page 19 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
