                         TRANSCRIPT
employed residents, which is usually how we talk about the jobs/housing
balance. If you look at that last column, the ratio of jobs to employed
residents, you're seeing that each of the four scenarios we analyzed in the
EIR are very similar. This is really what the Council noted back in January
when they said, "We want to come up with a fifth scenario that starts to
move the needle a little bit on the jobs/housing balance." I've included a
copy here of the Council's motion. You suggested in January that we move
forward with the various scenarios and that we seek to shift the
jobs/housing balance by limiting office expansion and replacing some
commercial use with housing. On February 22nd, you developed that theme
further, and we got your direction to develop a scenario that included
sustainability options from Scenario 4; included mitigation measures that
we've developed as part of the EIR process; used Palo Alto-specific data
where we have it; integrates the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan;
evaluates regulating employment densities; evaluates lower office growth
than Scenario 2; and evaluates a kind of performance-based strategy where
we have triggers if mitigation measures fail or exceed expectations. What
we're asking for this evening. We're looking forward to your direction on
development of the fifth scenario. We think of that as being in these six
categories. Jobs and square footage obviously is a key characteristic for this
scenario. Population and housing is another key characteristic. The zoning
changes that might help accomplish those housing and jobs numbers.
Infrastructure investments that you'd like to see analyzed as part of this
scenario. Sustainability measures and performance or mitigation measures
that you think are appropriate. As the Mayor indicated, we're also seeking
your approval of the contract amendment we need to conduct the analysis of
the fifth scenario and the associated budget appropriation. In the Staff
Report, we put forward a few options. I'm not saying that these are the only
options for consideration when you're looking at how to define the fifth
scenario. We thought this was at least sufficient to start the conversation.
They go from Option A, which is 10 percent fewer jobs than Scenario 2 and
housing equal to Scenario 3, to "B" which is 10 percent fewer jobs again but
housing equal to Scenario 4, and then Option C, which is 10 percent fewer
jobs than Scenario 2 and 20 percent more than Scenario 4. It starts to kind
of broaden the difference between the scenarios. You see in the last column
there the jobs/housing balance or the ratio of jobs to employed residents
that would result from each of these options. Of course, we're happy to
consider additional routes or additional combinations to achieve other results
as long as we can articulate a rational basis in the zoning policy suggestions
to achieve those results. I'm just going to keep—a little more detail on
some of these factors. Jobs and square footage. We are suggesting in all of
these options that we put forward a job number of about 8,800 jobs over a
15-year period. I just wanted to highlight in the Staff Report, we talk about
the fact that that just might be a little low. The square footage here might
                                                                       Page 54 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
