                         TRANSCRIPT
Schmid's question. I think we are a little too prescriptive here, and perhaps
it's because of sustainability. I would like to see examination of housing
along West Bayshore, for example. I don't think that's anywhere in this
plan, and maybe East Meadow Circle and maybe south of San Antonio. I
don't know that we should not revisit those areas given what we know today
that four or five years ago when we discussed it previously those areas were
not up for discussion. I don't know that they shouldn't be now. Looking at
amount and location of employment and growth, I think we need to look at
some possibilities to mix those a little more or replace employment with
growth in some areas or employment growth with housing growth in some
areas. I don't know that these options that we have in front of us are doing
that. We don't have enough information in what we've been given to know
if that is happening or not. I would look at the assumptions of how many
jobs will be created here and the assumptions of how much housing needs to
be created; maybe we can do some tradeoffs that we've not examining. To
the question of Liz Kniss, who left, about the alternatives and Scenario 4,
I'm still concerned with that. I think it's a good study, and it would give us
really important answers about mitigation measures and whether or not
they're going to achieve what we want. I don't know that this should be the
basis to a general plan. I'm still not comfortable with that alternative
beyond a study and information that it's providing. I wouldn't call it an
alternative; I would just call it Study of Mitigation Measures or some sort of
standards.      About the sustainability overlay, I want to read what
sustainability is defined as by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA);
maybe that would help understand why I always talk about how do we
integrate nature into the sustainability. I lost it now, I think. There it is.
The definition of sustainability according to the United States (U.S.)
Environmental Protection Agency: sustainability is based upon a simple
principle; everything that we need for our survival and well-being depends
either directly or indirectly on our natural environment.           To pursue
sustainability is to create and maintain the conditions under which humans
and nature can exist in productive harmony to support present and future
generations. It includes the word nature specifically. I think that a lot of
what we've been doing in looking at sustainability in general has not looked
at nature specifically. When we are looking at how do we do climate change
and a sustainability program, we need to really look at that very, very
seriously and not just assume that everything that we do can be mitigated.
It really can't, so we need to look at all of that, not only at the human
anthropocentric focus but really a harmonious view just like the Finnish is
asking for. Whether there should be an index or a separate chapter in the
natural environment versus over the entire document. We have a lot of
programs that the City is doing, whether it's the Art Master Plan or Parks
Master Plan or Urban Forest Master Plan or Bike Master Plan. All these
Master Plans are mentioned and integrated in some way into the general
                                                                            Page 73 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
