                          TRANSCRIPT
a little more tailored to the Peninsula cities and that the Motivate system
may not be the best fit.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think what struck me most is how much better than
San Jose we do. If you look at our numbers now ...

Mr. Mello: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, the current ones. We're at 0.52, and we have a
terrible system, as you said. I think that really shows that there's huge
demand for this, given how much better we frankly do with horrible station
placement. When I look at this, I actually am very optimistic that if we did
the ideal system, that it would be widely used throughout Palo Alto. When
you look at these, it almost seems to me that there'd be very little reason to
stay with Motivate. They're much more expensive to operate, hard to grow
the system. When you look at that three dollars a bike ride, that seems to
make some sense when you start looking at that. I mean, $33 a bike ride
doesn't really seem to feel very economical to us. My thoughts are that I
would definitely push for the large system frankly with SoBi. I think that
makes the most sense. I mean, I'm not wedded to that obviously, but the
Motivate doesn't seem to make a lot of sense given their capital costs and
also that frankly they don't really want to do Palo Alto, they don't want to do
Redwood City. They've sort of politically been forced to—now they're
charging us for it. I understand they don't even really want to do San Jose.
They really just wanted to do San Francisco, Berkeley, that area. I definitely
think that we should focus on that. How long would it take to—you said we
could go month to month. We could go month to month for as long as we
want. Is it prorated? Is there any down side? Is it more expensive to go
month to month? How quickly can we transition, if we wanted to, to SoBi
and then start maybe slightly smaller and then move to a large Phase One
and Phase Two as you talked about?

Mr. Mello: If we went month to month, it would be a prorated cost based on
the $101,000 per year.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) what is that? 12,000?

Mayor Burt: No, 8,000.

Mr. Mello: $8,000 a month roughly. That's all inclusive, so we wouldn't
have to contribute anything additional. They do all the maintenance and
operations. There is an additional cost if we wanted to move the stations to
try to get a little better performance out of our existing system. There's an
added cost to moving the stations. If we were going to end the Motivate
contract eventually, I don't think we'd want to invest in moving the stations.
                                                                         Page 10 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
