                         TRANSCRIPT
Lisa Peschcke-Koedt, CAC Member: First of all, I really appreciate that you
formed the CAC. I'm also very honored that I got to be one of the members
of a really great group here. I wanted to address several of the points that
the Council Members raised, if that's all right. I just took notes as you were
doing it, and I'll just kind of go down through that. First to Council Member
Kniss' question, just my background. I'm actually born here. I was born in
Palo Alto almost 60 years ago, went to school here, went through all the
schools here, from elementary school through college, then went off to grad
school. I work in the area; I work for Sysco Systems, which has nothing to
do with my involvement in the CAC. It's in San Jose. It's something that
I've always cared about, and my mom was actually involved way back in like
the '70s and early '80s in a very early version of the Comp. Plan. It's just
really fun to get to be part of this. I'm truly grateful and very honored that
you let me be part of it. That's kind of my background. Also, I came into
the CAC—I don't have a particular agenda. It's not like I'm looking for one
particular answer. I don't know the answer. I have some thoughts now that
we've had a lot of different discussions that I'll kind of address as we go
through. Very much would like to talk about the role of the CAC. As Dan
said, we've had quite a few discussions that are also with Hillary and
Jeremy, have been great. I would love to have, if possible, the CAC have a
more active role in the broader policy, even input to the vision and really
thinking of those broader and how things connect. I do think so far we've
been more focused on giving feedback on specific elements, specific
programs. That's certainly interesting and useful, but if there is that
opportunity to do something broader that would be useful to the City
Council, I would love to do that. It goes partly to your point too, Council
Member Wolbach, what is that role and the direction that we're getting from
the City Council and how can we best support you and give you what you're
looking for. I think we could do more than we're doing. That's not a
complaint. I think it's good, but I think there's more there. Any direction
you have there and if you open it up to more, again my guess is we would
all welcome that. As Dan said, it may get into the timing and how often we
meet and things like that. To the next part is around the flexibility and the
goals. I think that was—Vice Mayor Scharff, you had asked about that.
Again, I didn't know coming in and I still don't know, do I want a particular
option, one of the four or some combination. My personal view and, I think,
maybe growing up here, when I was a little kid, we were much more diverse
in Palo Alto. My parents didn't have much money. We were definitely lower
middle class. I'm very fortunate now. I make more money than my parents
did, my husband and I, so I get more flexibility. I miss some of that, and I
don't want to lose that. The idea of having seniors and kids and people with
less money and housing for teachers and police and all that, I think that's a
good objective to have. Whether that means more housing or different
housing, I guess I believe that we probably need more growth, not more
                                                                            Page 58 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
