                         TRANSCRIPT
isn't required by CEQA. I'm looking at where we would capture and where
we would analyze what those impacts are.

Mr. Pirnejad: You're just talking about the numbers, the carbon.

Council Member Holman: Yes, yes. I'm talking about the environmental
impact, not CEQA, just our own local impact due to demolition and new
construction. I'm not judging what we're doing in terms of demolition or
construction. I'm just saying we should be capturing, it seems to me, the
information related to that so we know what we're doing as a community.

Mr. Pirnejad: We are capturing that information again on the Green Halo
site. It's available. It's required that every deconstruction project fill out
this deconstruction survey.     We require that all of the contractors do
deconstruction activity. We're revisiting and trying to improve that program.
We'll be coming back with some amendments. It is being tracked, not only
the tonnage but the carbon-related impacts associated with that waste.
We're tracking that. If this starts to see a positive trend, we'll be sure to
report out on the tonnage as well as the weight.

Council Member Holman: Not just the waste, but the new materials being
created.

Mr. Pirnejad: The greenhouse gas emissions.

Council Member Holman: Will that be coming to Council in what, the next ...

Mr. Pirnejad: I can bring that back in an informational item over the next
year, once we've been able to track some of the salvage material.

Ms. Jacobson: If I may add. In addition to what Peter said, we do track
the—the information that's on the Green Halo site, we do a conversion to the
greenhouse gas calculations that will come before you in the Earth Day
report.

Council Member Holman: I think people might make different decisions or
be more conscious or aware of what their projects entail if they just had it
spelled out in front of them what the consequences are and what the
impacts are. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: On that note, I think we're ready to vote on the board. That
passes 9-0. Thank you to all the members of the Staff who came tonight
and for all the hard work that went into this. I know it looks pretty
technical, but there's a great deal of work, and our City Staff continues to
put us on the cutting edge in these arenas.

                                                                       Page 47 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
