                          TRANSCRIPT
alone. I do not represent any board I'm on such as the Metropolitan
Transportation Commission (MTC) Political Action Committee (PAC). I'm
here talking about the VTA sales tax. I'd like to personally thank the Mayor
for all that he was able to do with the negotiations, frankly more of the
concessions than probably North County has gotten in ages. Wonderful for
the Caltrain. However, in the whole scheme of things, I was hoping we
could learn more from what Palo Alto has been able to do with Stanford of
getting people to have through-put not in the cars. I think what the County
was doing with their analysis of the expressways frankly is a little dubious,
especially since they've never actually had signal timing on certain
expressways as good as (inaudible). Some of the easy fixes the County
could have done in the last 20-30 years they've not done. They've got a
little bit of the shiny car syndrome, where they want to make things
wonderful with electric cars and autonomous cars. The County and the VTA
think this is going to happen. What I would actually recommend is the fact
that the—what is the issue? The issue is we have by 2040, two million new
people moving into the Bay Area. A large portion of those will be either
living in the Valley here or be commuting here. Let's face it. San Jose is not
the capital of Silicon Valley; it is Palo Alto and Stanford. The further you go
away from this—be that as it may, things are not going to change much.
You're still going to have this southeast commute to the northwest, and it's
going to go the reverse for the large part in the City. Certainly from San
Francisco, there's a lot of commutes. To me, what VTA has tried to do, led
by Silicon Valley Leadership Group (SVLG), is have a jack-of-all-trades
solution. Unfortunately, this is not enough to really do enough to have a
sustainable solution. It may be enough to win a vote, but it may not do
what we need to do. The County is not showing what's going to happen at
2040. They show what happens at 2025, which is interesting. It's items like
this which is why the Sierra Club has not endorsed this. Anyone watching
here, this is really what I'm here for, to talk about the lessons we have. We
need to focus on the future of sustainability. We need to focus on the
California environmental laws. We need to focus on VMT instead of Level of
Service (LOS). We need to look at areas to say how do we change this.
Here's my quick four or five steps. Vote no on this VTA sales tax. Seek a
more sustainable solution and work with VTA for another tax, which
potentially might be similar to the one Palo Alto is trying, which is a business
tax in 2018. Businesses will pay on this VTA sales tax, business to business,
according to Carl Guardino about one-quarter. Also I would seek a directly
elected VTA Board in 2018. This is a way that we can have very direct
representation for best practices that should be followed.            VTA as a
congestion management agency should be doing this, and they're not. They
are working in concert with SVLG to create a tax that will pass, not one that
we need to get hundreds of thousands of people where they're going. Thank
you.
                                                                         Page 42 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
