                          TRANSCRIPT
area in the natural environment where there was a very large increase was
the number of native plants and restoration projects. That increased 947
percent from 11,000 to 118,000. Moving on to recreation and wellness. The
Citizen Survey asked a few questions about wellness, but we don't have
much in the Performance Report about wellness. Something to think about
as we move forward with questions we might want to add to that for
performance measures, see how we're doing particularly with regard to the
Council Priority related to that. This is Slide 19. The Citizen Survey ratings
of recreational opportunities as excellent or good remained stable or
increased slightly. The availability of recreational opportunities remained the
same at 80 percent.        The quality of recreation programs and classes
increased 2 percentage points, and the quality of recreation centers or
facilities increased 5 percentage points from 81 to 86 percent. However, the
number of usage, the amount of usage of facilities as shown in the
Performance Report has increased quite a bit. The survey respondents who
used the facilities in the last 12 months—the number who used recreation
centers and services increased from 60 to 65 percent. I can show that in
the next slide on some of the numbers from the Performance Report.
Visitors to neighborhood or City parks remained the same at 94 percent.
That's a high rating. It's showing that our parks rate well and people use
them. Moving to Slide 20, enrollment as shown in the Performance Report.
Enrollment in classes and camps declined 15 percent, but enrollment in the
children's performing arts programs increased 163 percent from about 3,000
to about 7,800. Enrollment also in art and museum and science programs
also increased. That was an 18 percent increase from 25,000 to almost
30,000. The results of this will be useful for consideration when developing
the long-range Parks, Recreation, Trails and Open Space Master Plan as well
as the future uses that will be considered for the Cubberley Master Plan.
Slide 21, these are the wellness questions from the Citizen Survey. As I
said, there really aren't performance measures to relate to this right now.
The residents do identify that there's opportunities for improvement in this
area. The scores aren't exceptionally high. The number of ratings of
excellent or good for availability of quality healthcare, it did increase from 62
percent to 70 percent, but still not as high as it could be. Availability of
preventive health service, from 67 percent to 78 percent. Availability of
quality mental healthcare was 53 percent in 2015 which was down from last
year when it was rated 63 percent. That was actually the first year the
question was asked, so I don't have data from further back on that. Slide
22, moving on to the safety facet. This is the last facet for the survey. The
number of residents who rated safety questions as excellent or good, I'll go
through a little about each of the safety components. The first one is quality
of police services. It increased 1 percent from 87 to 88 percent. Some
notable things from the Performance Report is that authorized staffing was
down from 166.8 to 157.6, but the emergency calls increased 58 percent
                                                                            Page 8 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
