                         TRANSCRIPT
we're hearing tonight is maybe a way to do that, because we have not sold
these 2,000 permits. Last time we had fewer Council Members; we needed
a unanimous vote. I think we perhaps were interested in getting agreement
among all of us, and that led to maybe a weaker motion. My preference
would be to freeze Zones 9 and 10, I think, where they are now, and do that
immediately and allow additional streets in Zones 9 and 10 to petition to be
added as resident-only parking. I do think we should try to set objectives
when we come back in March for the next phase. I think we should give
priority to lower-wage employees. I think that's a good idea. As people
have talked about, we need this to come back in time for feedback from the
community and Council. If it's okay, I actually attempted to capture most of
that in a motion, which I'll make at this point in time. The first part would
be to accept the status report. The second part would be to accept the
petitions for the incorporation. The third part is the new stuff, which would
be to immediately freeze the sale of employee permits in 9 and 10, and to
allow additional streets in those zones to be added as resident-only parking.
I'm open to amendments on "D." I was trying to capture a lot of what I
heard from people. It would be to direct Staff to return by January 15th
with proposals for changes to implement at the end of Phase 2, that would
include elimination of the five day pass. You could delete two; it sounds like
we already have that. Propose some quantitative objectives to reduce the
impact on neighborhoods, to not create spillover and to reduce congestion.
Three, to give priority to lower-wage employees and, four, to require
registration in the Business Registry and in the Downtown TMA for permits
purchased by employers.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to:

A.   Accept the status report on the Downtown Residential Preferential
     Parking (RPP) Program; and

B.   Adopt a Resolution, expanding the boundary of the Downtown RPP
     Program Phase 2 eligibility area originally established by Resolution
     number 9577 to incorporate streets in the Crescent Park neighborhood
     identified for inclusion by the City Council in response to a
     neighborhood petition; and

C.   Immediately freeze the sale of employee permits in Zones 9 and 10
     and allow additional streets to petition to be added as resident only
     parking in Zones 9 and 10; and


                                                                      Page 100 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
