                         TRANSCRIPT
good. The interpretation is very helpful. I know you had to do this quickly.
We appreciate your doing that as well. I think this tax measure has real
merit for addressing our long-term, intractable traffic congestion problems.
I would congratulate the Mayor, who really brought this up initially and put
the Committee together to take a look at it. I don't want to go too far afield
at this point, because I know we want to have some discussion. Just to put
it out there, I think that the so-called head tax that we've been dealing with
and the possibility of bringing that this fall is actually preemptive. It is
actually rushed. Once again, I'm sorry not to see a room full of people that
are complaining about our traffic and who are from the community and
concerned about that congestion. We hear from them so often, but they
haven't come tonight. I'm concerned. This is about trying to get all the
ingredients in the right place. At some point, we're going to have to bake
this item in a very hot fall election. I think waiting for '17 or '18 is what
would make sense to me. Let me stop there.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I put my light on right after because I was
wanting to ask a question of the final speaker. If I could do that, Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: That'd be fine. Mr. Guardino.

Council Member Holman: One quick clarification too. The six points is six
points among Palo Alto voters. It's not six points impact on the tax
measure. It was a quarter of one percent if you were here when the Staff
commented about that.

Mr. Guardino: I'm well aware of that, Council Member.

Council Member Holman: It's a quarter of one percent, not six percent
impact on the tax measure's 75 percent necessary. The question I have for
you is—it's a hard-hitting question, but I think it's something that a lot of
people in the community need to know, want to know. There have been,
through a lot of effort and a lot of negotiation, a number of projects
identified that you had put up, that the County tax measure would bring
forward. What I don't know either is what is the absolute commitment that
those negotiated dollars and attributions would be realized. I'm just going
to be very out front on this. In the past, what's been negotiated has not
been what's happened. For whatever we end up doing tonight, a critical
piece, I think, for everyone to know, both about your measure but also
about what we do here, is what's the commitment.             Is it a written
commitment? Is it an absolute commitment for what those listed projects
would come as identified?

                                                                        Page 71 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
