                         TRANSCRIPT
doable this fall, then we might elect to do that as well. I don't think we
know either of those answers yet. Council Member Holman. I think we
should move forward to a Motion if possible.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't you make one (inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: I'm ready to. I saw other people there, but I'll do that. I
would move that we refer this to the ad hoc committee to work with the
Staff and the pollster on a second set of questions, and that we also over the
next month conduct initial outreach with stakeholders to engage them on
the issue.

Mr. Keene: That would include working with our consultant who, I would
imagine, will engage with the subcommittee also.

Mayor Burt: Right.

Council Member Holman: I will second that.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Holman to refer
this to the Local Transportation Funding Committee to work with Staff and
the pollster to develop a second set of questions and conduct outreach with
stakeholders.

Council Member Kniss:        Pat, could you run through the sequence
(inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: I think the most immediate thing—I guess I'd have to defer a
little bit to Staff on the timing. We could have two meetings of the ad hoc
committee.       One that's early on, that would in part talk about the
stakeholder groups and the way to engage them, and also have some
preliminary discussion on perspective polling questions. A second one,
maybe a couple of weeks later, to try to refine what polling we'd do. That's
my notion.

Council Member Kniss: When do we want the polling done, though?

Mayor Burt: Jim, was giving the timeline.

Mr. Keene: Again, I think we're roughly thinking about a month timeframe
for the outreach and then we would ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mr. Keene: Right, after the outreach.

                                                                      Page 130 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
