                          TRANSCRIPT
afternoon that DMV finally came out with their autonomous vehicle
regulations or their proposed regulations a year after they said they were
going to in the first place. They were—I shouldn't say too much. They
weren't pleased. Hopefully there's still opportunity for us to maybe lobby
our State Legislators on the opportunity to keep California at the forefront of
embracing this technology. You talked a lot about the increased efficiency
and 90 percent of traffic is caused by human error and that kind of thing,
but it's also just the savings that we'll get in terms of fewer accidents means
fewer injuries. The cost of insurance will go down, and all that. I appreciate
that you're saying that we still need to integrate Caltrain and the potential
for autonomous electric vehicles. I do think grade separation is still a major
issue, unless you could see a model where the combination of autonomous
vehicles would increase capacity that much across those at-grade crossings.
I guess one question I'd ask you is to what extent do we need, if you've
looked at it—how much adoption do we need of autonomous vehicles? I've
talked to folks in the community who saw my TEDx talk, and they said,
"You'll have to pry my old Ford from my cold fingers," or something like
that. What percentage of adoption do we need to actually get these gains,
do you think? Does 50/50 still cut it, that kind of thing?

Mr. Heck: I think it depends a lot on the deployment model. As I
mentioned, there's a broad spectrum here of how autonomy comes in. If it
comes in as a luxury feature on high-end cars, we need quite a lot of them
to really make any significant difference. The near term actually will lead to
increase in vehicle miles traveled, more sprawl, and there'll be a net
negative. If they're not electric, that will also mean more pollution, more
carbon. If we deployed them in this shared, in-fill, last-mile kind of solution
to do the smart suburb, they can make a difference at low penetration. 15
percent of those vehicles deployed here throughout the City—let's say every
neighborhood hosts one or two and I can call it up on my phone in two
minutes, then I don't need to own a car. It would make a big difference with
10-15 percent. The other part I mentioned earlier is it depends on how
much we create the right incentives. We've done a lot with electric vehicles
here, because we gave them carpooling access, we gave them good parking
spaces. Those are relatively cheap incentives. It didn't cost us that much.
We already have the carpool lane; we just gave the EVs access. If we do
the same with autonomous vehicles, we can get a bigger shift there faster
than if we sort of sprinkle them throughout and treat them like normal
vehicles.

Council Member Berman: This is great. Thank you very much.

Mr. Heck: My pleasure.


                                                                        Page 40 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
