                          TRANSCRIPT
the audience that are here to support pulling the Consent Calendar off to
please stand up so we have an idea of who did come. We didn't make a full
court press, but these are the people that came out tonight and have chosen
to be silent. I had my computer with me, and I said, "I wonder how long
I've been working on this program." I typed in Curtis Williams on my email
and then had a search for Curtis. You remember him. The first email traffic
I can find was May 2012. There were a couple of entries. Right below it is a
whole flurry of email activity exactly to the day four years ago. Just on
Curtis Williams email traffic, there's just pages and pages of stuff I've never
deleted. It gives you some idea how long we've been working on it. I would
like to acknowledge that we had two summit meetings with Jim Keene early
in this process. It happened just after Curtis left, and we came to a real
agreement that we just can't work on it; we have to wait a while. We've got
to recruit—Aaron Aknin was here. We had another summit meeting, where
we agreed again until someone got hired as Planning Director, Hillary, that
we couldn't do an awful lot. Furthermore, we did acknowledge that we
needed to have a transportation person to help work on this. A lot of this
delay has not been confronted. We agreed that it's just no way to get there
from here without hiring the people. It's no sense looking back four years.
I look ahead to when we've got to have a new program operational on April
Fool's Day of 2017. There's exactly 100 working days before we really start
selling permits all over again. A month before that, we've got to have all the
details ironed out. Let me just quickly summarize with three things that
have really got to happen. We've got to agree on a quality standard.
What's the maximum load a residential street ought to carry?                For
Downtown North, I'll suggest 80 percent. I don't think that's appropriate for
all of the neighborhoods, but that needs to be worked out. The 2,000 limit
on sales of nonresident permits is probably excessive. The Planning Director
estimated 2,000, but only about 1,400 have been sold. I doubt if the limit
should be at 2,000 when we start again next year. The reduction needs to
be very specifically stated. If we can handle those three things, I think we
could begin to have a solid program for 2017. Thank you very much. I urge
you to remove it from the Consent Calendar so we can discuss it in-depth
within a month. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to Council. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:      I'd like to move removal of Item 11 from the
Consent Calendar.

Council Member DuBois: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois, third by Council Member Holman to pull Agenda Item Number 11 -

                                                                         Page 17 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
