                          TRANSCRIPT
119 parking spaces. Here's a picture as—the picture was taken from the
corner of Webster and Hamilton, looking generally to the southwest. This is
a picture looking at the rear of the building, and then also here's a picture of
the existing parking lot. You can see a number of mature trees throughout
the site as well. In terms of the surrounding context, it really is a mix of
uses throughout the neighborhood. You have a variety of structures of
different heights, of different densities, of different scale. There are office
uses off to the west, more towards the Downtown. You have one and two-
story residential uses. Specifically across Webster Street, you'll find a
number of one-story residential structures. Of course the Marc Building,
which is further over to Cowper, is a 12-story, multiunit apartment building.
Also, there's the First United Methodist Church there on the corner of
Webster and Hamilton. The site itself is on the edge of Downtown; it's an
approximate 10-15 minute walk to Caltrain, and it is also along the Safe
Routes to School route. This image is intended to illustrate the surrounding
zoning. As you can see off to the northwest, you have the CD-C zoning
that's prevalent. You have some of the RM-40 and RM-30 to the north and
to the east, and then of course the existing site is zoned PC. In terms of the
project itself, again the proposal at this point is a proposal to rezone the
subject property from its designation of PC to the CD-C(P) zone. If the
rezoning were to be supported, then the applicant would likely file formal
development application to come forward with a proposal to demolish the
existing office building and, in its place, to build a combination of residential
units as well as a new office building. They're looking at a net new addition
of office space in and around 14,000 square feet. There's a little bit of
ambiguity when it comes to what the existing square footage is on the
existing plans from 1970. It indicates that the square footage is about
39,000 square feet. The applicant is indicating it's about 43,000. We think
that there may have been some amenity space that wasn't subject to being
parked, and that may be the reason for the discrepancy.                That was
something that would have to be analyzed with a formal application. Again,
the proposal would be to redevelop the property with an office building of
about 48 feet, a residential building with 35-50 units, and that would be
approximately 42 feet. One point on the residential component of the
project, the Staff Report indicates that they would be condominiums. I did
want to clarify that at this point it is undecided from the applicant whether
they would be rental and/or condominium units. In terms of the site plan
here, you can see on the left would be the footprint of what the office
building would be. There would be a central courtyard in between the two
buildings with the residential building to the right along Webster Street.
There would also be more of a courtyard for the residential building itself.
The courtyard would be landscaped with a number of trees. A number of
issues for consideration this evening. One is just to take a look at whether
or not those proposed land uses seem to make sense at this site, taking a
                                                                          Page 3 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
