                         TRANSCRIPT
construction of those, it's quite expensive. Depending on the type of
material and the type of railings, railings tend to be one of the more
expensive items on a bridge.

Mayor Burt: The other enhanced amenities are all those other little things of
drinking fountains and all that on that one page. Is that right?

Mr. Schnabel: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: All those together add $130,000?

Mr. Schnabel: That's right.

Mayor Burt:    If we allocated the Google $1 million and brought our
contingency up, we'd still roughly have enough for that set of amenities?

Mr. Schnabel: That's right.

Mayor Burt: If we don't end up needing the full contingencies, which
hopefully would be the case, we'd have left over dollars. Maybe those would
be the Google dollars or whatever. Has there been consideration on whether
we could reallocate those dollars to something like the Loma Verde grade-
separated bike crossing that we have in the plans?

Mr. Eggleston: There hasn't been that discussion to this point, but I'd say
definitely the City's General Fund capital contribution to this project should
be fungible between the project and other priorities.

Mayor Burt: Google doesn't have a problem if we spend their $1 million and
we only spent 3 1/2 of ours?

Mr. Eggleston: They don't. I've discussed with them that one of the
alternatives we put forward is the City's contribution could be reduced.

Mayor Burt: Finally, one of the earlier alternatives that we had had Motion
sensor lighting that tracked pedestrians crossing. It just moved and lit them
as they moved, whether on bike or walking. Is that any part of this project?

Mr. Schnabel: It's included in the enhanced lighting design. Those are the
controls.

Mayor Burt: Where's the enhanced lighting? I'm looking at Page 19.

Mr. Eggleston: The enhanced lighting is one of the core additional things
that we prioritized and included in the project in May.


                                                                        Page 65 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
