                          TRANSCRIPT
essentially illustrates how Net Energy Metering works. You have a typical
customer load, a lot more consumption in the morning and the evening. You
have solar generation represented by the yellow line, which typically comes
in the afternoon. You essentially end up with, from the utility's point of
view, something that looks like this, where the customer is a consumer in
the morning and a consumer in the evening and a producer at night. In the
morning under Net Energy Metering as it is now, the meter moves forward.
The meter moves backward during the day and at night will typically move
forward. If you have a large enough solar system, what this can mean is
that a customer can eliminate their entire bill. This means that certain
services that the utility provides, such as maintaining the connection to the
utility, providing billing services and providing a variety of other
maintenance and operational services, don't get paid for. These have to be
paid for by the customer's neighbors. Essentially that's why it's an incentive
program subject to eventual sunset. Net Energy Metering has been going
for a while. I think there's an open question out there about why don't we
just continue it. We've had Net Energy Metering up until now as required by
State law. Our most recent cost of service study demonstrated that solar
net metering customers in Palo Alto only pay for about 90 percent of the
cost to actually serve them. As I mentioned earlier, we're subject to very
strict requirements that essentially say that our rates must be set up so that
each customer is charged exactly what it costs to serve them. That presents
a real difficulty in trying to continue Net Energy Metering beyond the State-
mandated cap. What we're proposing to transition to instead is a two-part
rate with an hourly netting period. This is sort of a confusing statement, but
let me try and break it down into something a little simpler. Essentially any
energy that the customer consumes—that's that section in the morning and
the evening that we were looking at—they pay for that energy at the retail
rate that every other customer pays for energy at. When a customer
generates solar energy and they use it onsite, they're not paying for
anything. They're paying just for the cost of their solar system. They have
no relationship with the utility for that energy. To the extent that they're
generating more energy than they use onsite and sending some back to the
utility, we pay for that at a rate that is equal to the value solar provides to
the utility and all the customers. That's roughly 7 1/2 cents. I'll talk a little
more about that in a moment. This illustration shows those three different
areas, those three different types of compensation. I can go into this a little
bit more if you'd like me to. For now, I think the key thing to look at here is
these evening areas and morning areas. This is where the customer is
consuming, and they're paying at the retail rate. This section here is energy
that's being generated and used onsite. This section here is surplus energy
that's being generated, and then we will compensate the customer at 7 1/2
cents per kilowatt hour. This is how that 7 1/2 cents per kilowatt hour was
calculated. This is a methodology that we've developed over time. It
                                                                         Page 16 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
