                          TRANSCRIPT
A.    The installation of structural canopies to support solar panels will be
      consistent with the Planned Community (PC) Ordinances and approved
      development plans for three City garages located at 445 Bryant Street,
      520 Webster Street, and 275 Cambridge Avenue, such that no
      amendments are needed to these PC ordinances; and

B.    The PC Ordinances for 445 Bryant Street and 520 Webster Street do
      not need to be modified to allow structural canopies to exceed the
      50 foot high limit; and

C.    The proposed support structures for the photovoltaic panels at all four
      sites are considered “minor” projects subject to Staff Level
      Architectural Review in accordance with Palo Alto Municipal Code
      (PAMC) Section 18.76.020; and

D.    The recommended actions are exempt from review under the
      California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) Sections 21080.35,
      15303, and 15301 (existing facilities).

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman, do you want to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Berman: Yeah, just briefly. I think we've heard a lot of
good commentary from the public tonight and questions from Council. I
think what's most important was Council direction more than a year or so
ago when we initiated this project, which was that we not lose parking spots.
Obviously we've heard time and time again from our community the
importance of maintaining and expanding our existing parking in town. That
creates certain design challenges, and that creates tradeoffs in the design of
the different projects. I think most of the projects from most of the angles—
I walk around these streets especially Downtown a lot. The public won't
notice. It's either protected by other buildings or by foliage and other trees.
I think the benefits of local renewable solar, which obviously we've said time
and time again is a priority for this Council and this community, not to
mention the shade that exists when it's hot out like today or the protection
from other weather elements like hopefully rain, if we get that back, adds
additional value to the area of our parking garages that we have always had
the most difficulty filling up. We've all said and heard time and time again
how the top floors of our parking garages are consistently empty. I know
that's improved a little bit as we've instituted other parking programs. Still
clearly that's the last place that people want to go park. I think adding solar
to those areas will both make it more desirable parking, get closer to that
three megawatts of local-generated solar that we want. This is something
that the Council—I don't know if it was unanimous or near unanimous, but
we approved this project as a Council and community project that we value.

                                                                        Page 55 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
