                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid:        We are being very aggressive in our base
assumptions.

Ms. Gitelman: I think it's really because of the character of our community
versus a more traditional suburban development pattern. There may be
areas of Palo Alto where five percent would be aggressive, and that's what
we would assume. For areas like Downtown, we think we can do much
better.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about—East Meadow's listed as an
arterial. Was that a change?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't think so. I'm afraid that I'll have to consult. I don't
know whether any of you know offhand.

Ms. Costello: I don't think it's a change. We'll double check it, but I don't
think so.

Ms. Gitelman: We don't think it's a change. We'll double check.

Ms. Costello:   No, I don't think we changed any of the classifications of
streets.

Council Member DuBois: It just doesn't seem like it's the same class as
Oregon, Charleston, El Camino, our other arterials. If you could look at that,
I think East Meadow is more of a local collector street. One other quick
question. This is Program 1.2.2 on Page 27. Under the TDM, the very last
bullet point is talking about having organizations trade trips between
developments. I just wondered where that came from and what's the
thinking behind that. It seems like it could be abused.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the idea was something like the Stanford Research
Park. If we had a project in the Research Park which couldn't reduce all its
own trips, but it could participate in a Research Park-wide program like the
one Stanford has set up, and reduce trips in another part of the Park or
through that collaboration, I think that's what this is talking about. We
talked about a similar opportunity in other areas of the City. If you couldn't
reduce—you could do some reduction for your trips from your project, but
you wouldn't reduce all the trips, you could basically help fund the TMA or
alternative transportation system to offset.


                                                                        Page 96 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
