                         TRANSCRIPT
the background checking, fingerprinting. We were required to attend the
City's ethics training program and cyber security course. Ken Dueker has
trained us in crisis and disaster preparation. Sergeant Benitez has given us
all training in the use of AED, which we presently have at Palo Alto Animal
Services. We are trained to be stewards of the public trust. An outside
provider does not have such accountability and should not handle the
sensitive information of the residents of Palo Alto, Los Altos and Los Altos
Hills. We, Animal Services employees, are accountable for rabies records
and dog license renewals and applications of the three cities. Maintaining
accurate records, we protect people and their dogs from rabies, and it is the
law. Rabies is spread by the bite of an infected animal. If an unvaccinated
pet is bit by a rabid wild animal, the pet can bring rabies into the home. I
know for a fact that 10 days ago a live bat was brought in and was picked up
about a block away from this spot, City Hall. A bat, which did test positive
for rabies. If you don't believe me, you can just ask the County Public
Health Department. Yes, Pets in Need is great at what they do, but they
have no experience doing what we do. If you're interested in best practices,
please maintain what is best for the residents we serve and preserve what
we employees were hired to do with accountability and with public safety ...

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Hwanbo: ... as a priority.

Mayor Burt: Bunny Bernstein to be followed by Ester Nigenda.

Bunny Bornstein: Good evening, everybody. Nice to see you all. Just to
correct, it's Bornstein, but that's okay. You didn't know. I'm just being
accurate. I'm here with the community group. You've heard from some of
the speakers. You see people standing with their banners and buttons.
We're really a combination of people who work for the City. I work for the
City; I work in the Library. I love and admire the new buildings that have
been renovated, but so does the public. We also have volunteers who work
at the shelter as well as other departments in the City. We have employees
who go through a thorough screening process. I think one of the things we
need to look at is that a shelter in most counties, states are usually
municipal city programs where there are regulations. There is training. As
people have said, background and fingerprints. I know Pets in Need is a
wonderful rescue place, but they're selective in who they take from shelters.
They take only small dogs and cats. If you look at the green packet that we
created for each of you—I hope you don't mind your picture is on it—we
have a fact sheet in there that goes into more detail. We also have some
statistics that go into more detail. The Palo Alto animal shelter is historic
just like the College Terrace Library where I work. It has been here for over

                                                                      Page 15 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
