                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I don't have my computer with me.                 I don't
remember all the uses that are allowed in RT-35.

Ms. Gitelman: We can look that up after we respond to your question about
educational uses. At a minimum, if we wanted to capture a range of
educational uses, we'd have to look at 18.104.030(23), business or trade
school, meaning a use except a college or university providing education or
training on business, commerce, language or similar activity, etc. Also,
there's a definition of colleges and universities. There's a daycare center
definition that includes facilities licensed by the State for non-medical,
daytime care included but not limited to nursery schools, preschools and
similar facilities. There may be one or two more definitions in here that we'd
have to capture and consider as part of the interim ordinance changes.

Mayor Burt: That's why you'll need to come back when we actually have the
Ordinance with ...

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: ... a more clear recommendation on how to capture the intent
of educational uses. That's not a complete answer to your question, but is
that good enough for now?

Council Member Kniss: It's a good direction.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman. I'm sorry.

Council Member Kniss: Are you adding your medical at this point?

Mayor Burt:     I'll go ahead and offer that as an amendment to the
amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: The maker of the Motion did not accept it. I will offer it as a
separate amendment to the amendment if I have a seconder.

Council Member Berman: I'll second it, but I have some questions.

AMENDMENT: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member Berman to
add to the Motion, “and allow education and medical office uses in the
interim ordinance.”

Mayor Burt: I've already spoken to it. Council Member Berman.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm going to withdraw my original Motion.
                                                                       Page 97 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
