                          TRANSCRIPT
trying to put the same amount of people in less space; that clearly wasn't
our intent. I think our intent was clear. I would ask Council to reaffirm the
decision we made back in August.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would just add that the goal was to have six
scenarios to span the range of activities, to have the consultant come in and
say, "Here are the consequences of these different ranges." It made sense
to have one scenario, Scenario 5, that has low square footage growth and
low job growth. The goal of it is to allow the consultant to say, "Does this
make any difference? Where does it have a difference? How do you
mitigate some of the issues we're looking at in this scenario?" Whether
you're in favor of the scenario or not, it makes sense to have the analysis
available when you come back in April to make choices of how to construct
the scenario you want.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Staff had a memo at places. I know Staff wanted to
address this issue. I thought I'd give Staff the opportunity before we all
comment and hopefully save a little bit of time.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. Through the Chair, I did want to just reiterate a
few things that were in the written response, that it seems some of you
didn't get before this evening, and also draw to your attention the Motion
from August where we received the Council's very prescriptive, very specific
direction with regard to the scenarios. It identified a request by the Council
that we reduce the square footage in Scenarios 5 and 6 from 2.7 to 2.4
million. It did not identify a desire to reduce the employment projected.
Although, those numbers were provided to the Council in the tables that are
referenced in this Motion. We took the Council at its word, and we have
been proceeding in this direction. I'm not saying you couldn't change your
direction, but it would be a change. I also wanted to emphasize that the
purpose of these EIR scenarios is to analyze the potential outcome of
planning decisions. It's not to lock us into any policy decision or any specific
direction in our Comp Plan. It's merely to set a bracket of what potential
outcomes might be in this process. One more thought. We went through
this very carefully in the written response to Council Member Schmid's
question. We believe that there is no incongruity between the 2.4 million
square feet and the number of employees that are projected under these
two scenarios. Yes, if you calculate it out using the 250 square feet per
employee that we all know is a little questionable for some of our land uses,
if you use that, the numbers don't quite jive. The reason for that is we know
from experience—I know this from the fifth floor of this building, where
we've increased our Staff by maybe 10 percent on that floor in the last three

                                                                       Page 108 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
