                         TRANSCRIPT
2.   Second Quarter Review of Council Priorities for 2016 and Discussion
     and Potential Direction to Staff on the 2016 Staff Work Plan, Including
     Process Recommendations to Prioritize Work and Achieve Results.

3.   Council Member Discussion on Future Issues and Concerns With a
     Special Focus on the Second Half of 2016, With Potential Direction to
     Staff.

Mayor Burt: We're now going to move on to the balance of our Agenda. We
have three items, but Items Number 2 and 3 actually interplay with each
other a great deal. Two is focused on reviewing the existing Council
Priorities in the context of the work plan that we have from Staff. This work
plan, just to clarify, is only the work plan elements that relate to the four
Council Priorities of infrastructure, Built Environment, Healthy Community
and the Comprehensive Plan. Item 3 is about any future issues and
concerns that we'd want to have a special focus on in 2016. It seems like it
would be not too productive to go through and prioritize the work plan and
then go on to Item 3 and throw out the work plan. I'd suggest that we
merge Items 2 and 3 for discussion purposes. If everybody's okay with that,
shall we proceed? Mr. Keene, did you want to kick things off?

James Keene, City Manager:         Sure.   Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council
Members. We're still finding our way, I think, on these Committee of the
Whole meetings. Our sense on the Staff was that it's partly to get out of the
Council Chambers, have the Council be able to sit around and take up some
maybe cross-cutting issues at times. We had a Study Session on sea level
rise that we could have had during a Council meeting. This portion of it
happens to be focused on the work plan. It's a follow-up to the Council
Retreat, that you have at the start of each year and where you set your
Priorities. I think some of the Council Members noticed that some members
of our public might have misinterpreted the purpose for this meeting in sort
of sending emails to the Council about what your Priorities should be.
You've already established the four Priorities for this year. This is really
focusing on how we get the work done that you most want to see
accomplished in 2016. We look at this from the Staff point of view, being a
conversation at times, I think, between the Council. We have for the most
part most of the Directors from the Executive Leadership Team are here to
be able to speak in more depth to some of the Council projects that we
have. If you get at some point, Mr. Mayor, where we don't feel that's as
necessary, I certainly would let folks be dismissed, who aren't essential to
being here. I did want to make sure we had everybody available here to
ensure that you had the most fruitful conversation you possibly could have.
A couple of things. We sent the Council—on Friday, I think, the Clerk's
Office got out to you a copy of the Council work plan as it was generally
                                                                      Page 28 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
