                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I will have to look that up and get back to you. Your
question is how do these numbers of total vehicle trips relate to what's in
the book?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah. In the book you've got statistics for drive-
alone vehicles and vehicle trips and so forth. They don't match these
numbers. I think there is probably more in here than there are in the
(inaudible) where do I find these numbers. If you could find those, that'd be
great because they're a lot different. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to clarify that part of what we're being
asked is whether we want to test scenarios that are outside the bounds that
are found in this book.

Ms. Gitelman: Right.

Council Member DuBois: If we suggest a policy that lowers the impact, is
that considered outside the bounds? Would it require a new EIR if it's better
and not worse?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure I understand your question.

Council Member DuBois: If we suggest a policy that maybe had slower job
growth, does that have a negative environmental impact that would require
a new EIR versus something that required more use of a resource?

Ms. Gitelman: I think any change for better or for worse that constitutes a
new kind of package of things, a new scenario, we would want to analyze
and disclose to the public what the changes were, whether there were
benefits or impacts.

Council Member DuBois: Whether it's better or worse, if we go outside the
bounds of the book, we're look at a new analysis.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we would want to analyze that package of things, yes.

Council Member DuBois: There was a lot of benefit, I guess, assigned to
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) adoption. It looked like a fairly
fixed assumption of success per part of this City. One of the things we could
consider tonight may be testing what happens if TDM doesn't work quite so
well. Assuming we got 40 percent reduction in Downtown, what happens if
we don't see that?


                                                                       Page 24 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
