                          TRANSCRIPT
you have that discrepancy of 10-20 percent growth in new people and new
jobs, but a two percent growth in expected water use. In this last year, we
had the lowest level of per capita use, gallons per day, that we've had in the
last 50 years. Does this mean that we want to decrease by 20 percent the
use of water per capita in our community? Maybe, but let's have that as one
of the impacts of your rapid growth scenarios.

Mayor Burt: Are we wrapping up here?

Council Member Schmid: Yes. I just want to say that a key issue here is
rates of growth. A goal of the scenarios in the CEQA definition is to have a
high and a low. We certainly should include a low or at least talk about the
impacts that we are creating without mitigations.

Mayor Burt: Calling on a colleague. I just want to respond to one concern
by Council Member Schmid that I keep hearing as a refrain by different
members of the community, and that's concern on water. Water is certainly
a very important issue for us going forward, but data that we have shows
that we have reduced our water use by approximately 40 percent over the
last 20 years with a 10 percent increase in population growth.

Council Member Schmid: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I reference the trend line, because it is a trend line. That is an
indication of the future. That's why it's there, and that's why that data is
valuable.

Council Member Schmid: Remember also the trend line of nonresidential
growth over the last 30 years has been one-half of what each of these
scenarios have. That might be connected.

Mayor Burt: We have had significant residential growth and commercial
growth in that period of time and huge reduction in water. Anything other
than that is a misrepresentation of the facts.

Council Member Schmid: I think one of the CEQA goals is not to compare
with the past but to talk about the future. We have cut back, and we want
to cut back some more.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, you just got done citing a whole
bunch of past patterns projecting toward the future over the last half hour. I
think you want to cherry-pick it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. A couple of comments about some of
these specifics. First, I actually want to address a couple of high level issues

                                                                            Page 85 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
