                         TRANSCRIPT
VTA's website, vta.org/nextnetwork. Just a reminder and appropriate for
tonight's Council meeting. This Thursday, May 12th is the 22nd annual Bay
Area Bike to Work Day, and the City of Palo Alto of will be participating
again. We hope to see many of you out there riding your bike to work and
school. We've been part of this green commute program for 17 years and
are hosting four volunteer stations at the locations we have been staffing for
years, at key commute locations including the Alma Bike Bridge on the north
end of town, the Wilkie Way Bike Bridge on the south end of town,
Downtown on Bryant Street right outside of here at City Hall, and at the
busiest station California Avenue near the Caltrain station. The California
Avenue (Cal. Avenue) is a busy spot, but volunteers are needed at all
stations. To help, email jeffery.heckathorn@cityofpaloalto.org. Folks who
have never made the trek along with the Mayor and Council Members and
myself, for example, can stop at the Bike to Work energizer stations, get a
snack and coffee, pick up a canvas bag, and get details on biking to work.
The 94th annual May Fete Children's Parade was held last Saturday. It was
a big success with this theme this year of Happy Healthy Habits. There were
62 parade entries from local schools, clubs and organizations, and
participants were encouraged to express what they do to keep happy and
healthy. The students of Escondido Elementary School and the Green Team
volunteers created an award winning bicycle-powered float using
unrecyclable food packaging from school lunches to display the impact of
how much landfill material is used. Although rain was forecast for the entire
day, not a single drop could have kept the kids from participating on that
fun-filled day. I have—thank you, Roger—some slides to show related to our
Public Art program, in case you've been Downtown this week. Our Public Art
program in cooperation with Public Works and the Downtown Business and
Professional Improvement Association installed five creative seating
elements along University Avenue last week. The sleek and colorful benches
by Walnut Creek artist Colin Selig were created from upcycled propane
tanks. The pieces will be on loan to the City for one year, and members of
the public are encouraged to let the Public Art program know what they
think of the pilot project and if they would like to see more functional,
creative artworks in Palo Alto. There will be a brief celebration with the
artist hosted by the KEEN Garage, that's the shoe store, May 26th at 5:00.
Lastly, I don't know if I've got a slide from the Children's Theatre 2015-2016
Main Stage season comes to a close with James and the Giant Peach,
running for 11 performances May 12th through 22nd, featuring 26 local
youth cast members. The final production of the 2015-16 Playhouse series
in which high school teens perform fairy tales for young audiences on the
Magic Castle stage ends with its final production of the year. We will have
reached more than 4,700 audience members over the nine productions. The
Teen Arts Council's final open mike night will be Friday, May 27th, at 7:30
P.M. at the Palo Alto Children's Theatre. That's all I have to report.
                                                                        Page 5 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
