                           TRANSCRIPT
time period shown here, 1990 to about 2014. We've also seen an increase
in employed residents commensurate with that housing increase. On the
bottom of this chart, you're seeing Santa Clara County. On the top of the
chart, you're seeing the nine-county Bay Area region. In both cases, it's an
upward trend. Looking at the City now, you see also an upward trend on
housing, but we're kind of flat when it comes to employed residents. This
reflects, I think, changing demographics among other things. There might
be something in the data here, but we're seeing smaller household sizes,
aging population. Even though we've added some dwelling units in this time
period, we think that we're pretty flat in terms of the number of employed
residents. If we look at the regional context on the jobs side and the ratio of
jobs to employed residents, again Santa Clara County is along the bottom
here, and the nine Bay Area counties, the total Bay region, is on the top.
What you're seeing there is a good correlation between jobs and employed
residents. In the county, it's pretty much a 1:1 ratio over time that hasn't
changed a lot. In the Bay Area, the same thing. There's a little variation,
but there's really not a lot of change in that ratio. In the City, it's quite a bit
different. We see that there's a widening gap in this period that we're
looking at between jobs and employed residents; getting to the present day
when we have about a 3:1 ratio in 2014. The next slide is going to show
that ratio both in the City and in the Bay Area and the County. The two lines
at the bottom are the County of Santa Clara and the Bay Area as a whole.
You see it's about a 1:1 ratio. There is the City at the top of the chart at the
3:1 ratio between jobs and employed residents. Here's my cartoon of where
we are today. We have about 31,000 employed residents and about 95,000
jobs or a ratio of about 3:1 or 3.06. If we do nothing, in the year 2030
which is the horizon year of the Draft EIR, this is what we project will
happen. This is under Scenario One which we're calling "business as usual."
Under that scenario where we don't change anything in the Plan, we don't
change anything in zoning, our projection is that the ratio will continue to
get worse, that we'll get to a 3.2 ratio under that Scenario One. It's
important to note one thing about this. The box on the left there that's
showing employed residents, this projection of employed residents is based
on our own Palo Alto-developed projection of new housing over this period.
We use a lower projection of housing than Association of Bay Area
Governments (ABAG) uses for the City.            As a result, the number of
employed residents we're projecting in 2030 is lower. That contributes to
this high ratio. If we had just used ABAG projections, it wouldn't look quite
so bad. There's one more slide here that looks at us in the context of the
rest of the region. Again, you'll see our ratio is 3:1 and growing. The
County as a whole and the Bay Area is staying around one. Let's talk about
the future and the Comprehensive Plan Update. All of us recognized—we
talked about this back in April of last year—that updating the Comprehensive
Plan, this is really one of the reasons that we're doing this, why it's a Council
                                                                            Page 11 of 88
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/22/16
