                          TRANSCRIPT
Joseph Duran: Hello. My name is Joseph Duran. I'm a facilities technician
with the City. I've been here for about five years. I wanted to take a little
time here to thank you, guys, for approving the contract. I was part of the
negotiation team. I believe this to be a fair contract, and I really appreciate
you guys approving that for us. That's something that I wanted to make
sure you guys knew. Some of us feel that it is a pretty good contract. I was
given an opportunity to become vice chair of our chapter. During my time
as vice chair, I've learned that not only am I steward for my members, but
I'm a steward for the City. I feel, as a steward, I want to help preserve
what I think is unique about Palo Alto. Some of what I believe is unique
about Palo Alto is that all of our services here are in-house. We keep
everything in-house, from our utilities, arts and theatre to our animals.
Everything here is done, and the employees here do an exceptional job of
this. Palo Alto has been committed to these services and giving the best of
these services to the community. City employees have been dedicated to
providing these exceptional services to the residents and guests of Palo Alto.
I believe the employees are genuinely concerned about the well-being of our
City. I hope that the City sees this, and the Council sees that we definitely
have some shining paws throughout the City. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

2.    Approval of Action Minutes for the August 22, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Approval of Minutes. We have Minutes from
the meeting of August 22, 2016. Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member Berman: So moved.

Mayor Burt: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
approve the Action Minutes for the August 22, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Berman, second by myself. Please
vote. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to the Consent Calendar, one item. Do
we have a Motion to approve?

                                                                       Page 34 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
