                         TRANSCRIPT
the fifth scenario should also incorporate the recommendations of the S/CAP.
The S/CAP goals and principles will significantly reduce greenhouse gases
and other environmental impacts. Analysis of the goals and policies to meet
the 80/30 goal is most desirable at this time. Please adopt for study a fifth
scenario which includes an increase in housing units far greater than 20
percent. Thank you. Sincerely, Ellen Forbes, President. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Diane Morin, to be followed by Mary Jane
Marcus. Welcome.

Diane Morin:     Dear Mayor Burt, thank you for pronouncing my name
correctly. Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Members, my name is Diane
Morin, and I'm speaking on behalf of the Palo Alto Forward steering
committee. However, I was also, you'll recall, a Commissioner on the
Human Relations Commission at one point. I think that's relevant. In case I
wasn't motivated enough, tonight I spoke to an employee of Palo Alto who
told me she's been sleeping in her car now for months because she can't
afford to pay the rent. I'm here to ask you that as you review tonight's fifth
scenario, we encourage you to go big on housing, to explore a scenario that
doubles the amount of housing and that in Scenario 4 and also specifically
looking at net zero housing and zero impact housing. At this point, Scenario
5 is the last chance to review environmental and fiscal impacts of adding a
lot of housing . Without studying a greater housing number, we won't know
what the impacts are. We hope you continue your support for housing as
you did during the November 2nd land use discussion, supporting housing
for diverse family sizes, ages, ability levels and income levels. This brings
me to what City Manager Keene was speaking about before, Vice Mayor
Greg Scharff was talking about in terms of actually expanding the vision of
what you're looking at, so that we can have some choices as Palo Altans.
Over the past six months, you've heard from many members of the public
about the housing crisis. Retirees have come to share their challenge of
staying in this community. Public employees have highlighted their inability
to live in the community. Public employees. The disabled adults and their
families have shared their struggle to find affordable options. Young families
and longtime Palo Altans have highlighted their struggles to stay. As you
review tonight's fifth scenario, again we encourage you to be big on housing.
Many members of the public have also stayed tonight to show support. I
invite them all to stand now. For those who could not stay or come, we're
going to leave you this gift. That's letters and a petition. The petition from
the voices and letters from 125 Palo Altans who support the exploration of
go big on housing in our Comp Plan.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.


                                                                       Page 72 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
