                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I would second that or Cory can, if you want.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to authorize the City Manager or his designee to sign a letter
commenting on the City of East Palo Alto’s General Plan Update and DEIR,
including the following changes: modify the letter to focus more on
evaluation of impacts and alternatives including those related to the Newell
Bridge; and avoid specific advocacy on amount of housing development and
instead focus on impacts.

Mayor Burt: I jumped in to try and save your Motion. If you want to
instead see if you want to have a second, I'll put mine aside for the moment.
If not, I'll offer mine as an alternative.

Council Member Wolbach: Was there a second for mine?

Mayor Burt: I don't see one.

MOTION FAILED DUE TO LACK OF SECOND

Council Member Wolbach: I guess we'll work on the substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt: I've got this Motion as ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second the Motion.

Mayor Burt: That's seconded by the Vice Mayor.       I don't think I need to
speak further to it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is what we were talking about, at least what
I was talking about. I hope Staff gets that. Let's take the advocacy out of
the letter. Modify the letter to focus more on evaluation of impacts,
alternatives including related to the Newell Bridge, avoid specific advocacy.
I would also like to see—I just want to make sure that's included in your
motion—that they also do look at the impacts on traffic and stuff of having
housing in those locations, about whether or not that would maybe reduce
traffic.

Mayor Burt: We can say "impacts pro and con."

Vice Mayor Scharff: Impacts pro and con, I think that's the right way to put
it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of the
Motion, “pro and con.”
                                                                           Page 97 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
