                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thanks for the comments and the responses. You
guys have asked a lot of my questions. I think when we approved the
National Association of City Transportation Officials (NACTO) guidelines, we
said at that time or the Staff Report said that we'd consider it in the Palo
Alto context. Appreciate your comments that it was kind of the 5,000-foot
level, and now we've been kind of applying it to what we see and what we
hear. It's a good process. In terms of this kind of context for signage, have
we applied like a different pattern near schools in particular?

Mr. Mello: A lot of the elements that you see near the schools are actually
pulled from the work that was done by the Safe Routes team along with the
Walk and Roll maps. They were actually infrastructure maps that were done
for all of the walking routes to each school. There were signing and striping
improvements recommended for all of those walking and biking routes. A
lot of the infrastructure recommendations around the schools were pulled
directly from those Safe Routes maps.

Council Member DuBois: I think that makes total sense. You might have a
very quiet street with fewer markings. You get closer to a school, and there
may be more markings, and then it might fade back down as you get away.

Mr. Mello: Yeah. In California, the crosswalks are yellow within a certain
radius of a school. You'll see that in the concept plans; some of the
crosswalks are yellow, while ones outside of schools areas are white.

Council Member DuBois: Let's talk a little bit about parking impacts. How
was context considered there? If you're looking at Downtown where maybe
it's office parking versus a local street.

Mr. Louch: We'll talk about this more in a minute. We did do a parking
study for each of the corridors, that looked at observations at different times
of day and different days of the week. For each corridor that we looked at,
as Josh said, the one thing that we tried to do was consider daylighting. At
every intersection where especially if you're putting in roundabouts or you're
trying to create other safer pedestrian crossings, kind of moving the parking
back away from the corners of the intersection. There are a few other
places where parking was removed really to accommodate the additional
street trees and landscaping. That's primarily where parking is removed as
a part of this. There are a couple of other specific examples that I'll get into
in a minute. That's basically what we did.

Council Member DuBois: Did you apply different approaches based on the
context of its kind of Downtown urban setting versus suburban or
residential? Or was it really just based on the occupancy?

                                                                         Page 26 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
