  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

allowed, but it has to come before us and say is this a right location, are we
doing the right things?

And we want basically now to move more of our new housing toward our
downtown areas, somewhat along El Camino, but principally in California
Avenue and Downtown as the new sites to be smaller units because the
demand for our housing is from young professionals and elderly. And they
don’t need the big units.      And interestingly even when we have our
Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) allocation for housing units
they count one 6,000 sf home the same as a 500 sf apartment. So we’ll
meet those housing allocations, but we’ll actually be doing it and addressing
who needs the housing the most and it’s also at locations where we’re
downtown walkable services and adjacent to transit. So out of that we’ll
have different challenges and these will be the discussions that we’re going
to be having as a Council in coming months.

But one of the biggest things is how well do we have more housing and not a
bunch more car trips? And for a long while urban planners have said well,
down near transit and down near walkable services people drive a lot less.
And there are different studies that show that and that actually the
walkability is more important than the transit use. Although today we’re
seeing that our downtown workers are using alternative transportation at
almost 50 percent. That’s really surprising. That doesn’t make up for places
where we have packed in office workers, but the percentage that are using
other means is really growing.

And I don’t know about you, but when we talk to friends who have kids in
their twenties it’s shocking to hear that not only do many of these kids not
have cars, they’re in their twenties and they never bothered to have a
driver’s license because they don’t intend to drive. And it’s like well wait a
minute, where’s your Camaro? You know, what was a rite of passage when
we were young. But they don’t care about it. It’s a value structure. They
kind of look down on owning cars to a great degree these days, but that
doesn’t mean when they’re in their forties and fifties they’re going to have
identical lifestyles to what they have today, but we are in the midst for a
real significant shift in our transportation modes and patterns and
technologies that is shocking. I’ll just say a year ago I didn’t believe a lot of
this was going to be happening to the degree it appears that it may and
we’re going to have some real interesting developments in that, but part of
it is some things I’ll show you in a minute. Part of it isn’t new things, it’s
things we already know how to do and we just have to work at executing it.

                                                                              Page 9 of 18
                                                                 State of the City Address
                                                                                   2/24/16
