                         TRANSCRIPT
because I thought it was pretty clear that what we were looking at was a
lesser jobs-creating scenario. For instance, if I would have said, "Replace in
Table 1, Column 2, 2.7 with 2.4 million," it would have seemed redundant to
say, "And reduce the correlating number of employees consistent with that
reduction in office square footage." The intention was for Scenario 5 to have
a lower jobs creation. I agree absolutely with the comments that Director
also made about it's not just new office but also existing office that has
increase in employee density beyond 4 per 1,000. I wish that to be
addressed, but that's not the place to address it. That was the reduced
employee scenario. It would be great to have brought forward some way to
address and the impacts addressed of having higher than 4 per 1,000 office
employee density, because we know it exists and we have known it exists.
That is not the place to do it. That was not the intention at all. I'll be
supporting the Motion. Just to be clear, the Motion reduced the jobs
forecast an amount corresponding to the reduction in office space square
footage. I just want to make sure that we're really clear that that means
reduce it to 4 per 1,000, and that's the reduction rate. We went through
this before.

Council Member DuBois: I wasn't sure how it was being calculated, so I
didn't want to specify that.

Ms. Gitelman: Can I just maybe ask a couple of clarifying questions? I
guess I'm a little confused. We're not talking about setting policy here.
We're just talking about coming up with a reasonable projection that we can
use for our analysis. It seemed to me from the Council's Motion that your
intention was that Scenario 5 and 6 would be similar in the square footages
that you wanted us to analyze and in the employment densities. Those were
both equal on the table that you saw when you adopted this Motion. Now, I
think I hear the Council potentially going in a different direction where you
want the difference between five and six not just to be housing numbers.
You want them to vary in terms of employment as well. That is quite a bit
different in terms of the intention of the scenario that you're asking us to
analyze. Again, my colleagues have been hard at work doing this analysis
since the end of August. We're talking about potentially having to circle
back and make revisions. Happy to do that, but I would think you would
want us to come back with something on budget and time involved before
making that decision this evening.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to support the Motion. First of all, what
I’m hearing is it's unlikely we could do it within the existing budget. The
Motion says attempt to accommodate that work, so I understand that. It's
unlikely to be accommodated in the budget. In the scheme of things, what
I'm hearing from Staff is that it would delay things, it would make them redo
                                                                      Page 110 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
