                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I'm talking about the screening that was shown in
the presentation, that I saw once before how the project won't be visible
because it's going to be screened by trees and vegetation. I want to know
on a long-term basis that that screening is going to be preserved or, if
there's a deteriorating effect over time, it's going to be replenished.

Ms. Palter: I think that will be part of the ASA considerations, when they
see the proposed landscape plan and take into account what's around it as
well. That's part of what will happen during the summer.

Council Member Holman: I understand that's the case. I'm just saying is
there any information that you can be forthcoming with about it now.

Ms. Palter: I don't know of any plans that would remove that. Stanford
does, as you mentioned, take very good care of all of its vegetation. There
isn't any plans to remove that screening.

Council Member Holman: I wouldn't imagine that it would be removed. I'm
talking about maintaining and replacing because trees to die over time.
Things happen; we have drought conditions that might return. I'm not
hearing much assurance here.

Ms. Palter:   I mean, I will add that the—we have an entire grounds
department that does go out and monitor all the trees, see the ones that are
stressed, and have a proactive approach to maintaining the vegetation and
canopy in our campus.

Council Member Holman: Another question is most of what was identified as
to noise in the environmental analysis had to do with construction noise,
especially around demolition. We have a situation in Palo Alto, as I think a
lot of places do, that noise-producing equipment—although, Heating,
Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC) equipment has gotten much
quieter—is being placed on rooftops, so the ambient noise gets higher. Do
you have any notion—it is a fine-grained question—of where the HVAC
equipment is going to be? Is it going to be at ground level and enclosed?
What are you going to do to attenuate the ongoing noise impacts?

Ms. Palter: Again, that's something that would be addressed during the
design. We don't have any information on that today.

Council Member Holman: Note that it is a concern, if you would please.

Ms. Palter: Sure.



                                                                     Page 10 of 114
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/21/16
