                          TRANSCRIPT
we're crowd sourcing and how that ends up being reflected in the work
product. What they have is an initial presentation here. It didn't get copied
in color, so it's hard to see. If you look to the slides towards the end, all the
slides show different issues that were raised in the public comments, and
then how they were dealt with by the CAC and in the final work product. If
you look at the slide towards the end on Packet Page 478, you'll see the
genesis of the PowerPoint slide that I showed this evening, that little picture.
They're comparing these concepts, special needs to senior citizens, private
transit opportunities, public transit opportunities, and how each of those
topics were raised in the crowd-sourced input, like what percentage of the
input was in each category and then how the CAC's input varied from that
and then what the final work product. I don't think it's a final analysis. I
think this is something that we're working. We thought it was interesting
enough to show you that this is a collaboration that we're continuing as we
try and generate more and more input through the Digital Commenter and
other means.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. My next question is, I guess, directed at the City
Attorney.    It's the flip side of Council Member Wolbach's question on
motorcycle lane splitting. Do we have jurisdiction to regulate motorcycle
lane splitting on City streets or is that superseded by the State law? If you
know.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I'm scratching my head because we looked at
this maybe a year ago. I'm going to have to go back and check again. I'm
skeptical that that's a matter for local regulation, but we'll do some research
and get back to you.

Mayor Burt: One of the questions at a higher level is I see in the various
programs to fulfill, I guess, really Policy T1.2 some pretty modest initiatives
on addressing first and last mile. I want to know what level of discussion
there has been within the CAC on a much fuller embracing of solutions to
that challenge. I'll add a second half to this question. The City is moving
aggressively in smart mobility initiatives.             Between those and
transformations that we appear to be on the cusp of in transportation, I'm
really questioning whether what we're writing is coming across more as a
20th century Transportation Element. We've had in our past Comp Plan
different antiquated components to it. We say we don't sell fax paper
anymore or whatever it might be that is outdated. When I read these, I
have the question of whether we're really thinking hard about writing a plan
that is trying to figure out how it can be written in a way that will anticipate
at some high level the transformations that are happening while
acknowledging that they're not all visible or clear to us at this point in time.
How much discussion has been going on around both the breadth of first and
                                                                         Page 98 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
