                          TRANSCRIPT
Council has done a good job over the last couple of years of beginning to
implement changes that address our community's concern about office
development. I won't go through the litany of things that we've done to
begin addressing that and will continue to codify those changes in our new
Comprehensive Plan. At least the changes that have worked. I clearly think
we've got a lot of work to do on housing. I've heard tonight some folks
worry that some of these changes might not necessarily lead to housing
costing as much as it does in other parts of the Bay Area or other parts of
the state. That shouldn't be our goal. I've been saying this for four years.
I've been saying this since I ran for City Council.             We've lost our
socioeconomic diversity in this town. The little that remains is people that
were lucky enough to buy their homes a long, long, long, long, long time
ago and people who live in affordable housing. We've also lost the ability to
develop affordable housing in our town. We heard that when Palo Alto
Housing had their Study Session with us a couple of weeks ago. I was just
looking up some of the proposals that Palo Alto Housing has in Mountain
View and in Sunnyvale and that other affordable housing developers are
proposing in Mountain View. One of them was 57 feet, so there's seven feet
difference for affordable housing that's going towards those in our
community who we want to try to keep in Palo Alto or invite to Palo Alto,
whether it's adults with disabilities or whether it's homeless veterans or
whether it's frankly people who work in our service sector and don’t make
nearly enough to be able to afford anywhere near here. They are 57 feet, so
that extra seven feet meant an extra floor of housing. I couldn't decipher
exactly how many units that was, but that matters. That really matters. To
hold fast to this idea of a 50-foot height limit when what you're sacrificing
could be significant housing for those most vulnerable in our communities,
that we say all the time that we want to help, but then we don't enact the
policies that actually lead to the additional housing that helps them. We
start sounding disingenuous. Clearly the status quo doesn't work; it hasn't
worked. I've been on Council for four years; I haven't approved one—I did.
I approved one affordable housing complex that ended up getting
overturned. There haven't even been any other proposals to develop
affordable housing in Palo Alto. Council Member Wolbach's right. We need
housing of all kinds. We need less of the penthouse, $32,000 a month
housing. I don't want to see that again. We need more housing not only for
what actually qualifies as affordable but also housing for teachers and nurses
that don't qualify for affordable housing but need housing that is more
affordable. We can't keep on talking about how we support this but not
actually implement policies in our plans that will incentivize the creation of
it. When the cost of land, like we talk about a lot, is so high, it means that if
we actually want more affordable units, we need to provide zoning that
allows for more units. That's how it will get more affordable. The next
Council's going to be dealing with actually making the decisions on a lot of
                                                                        Page 103 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
