                          TRANSCRIPT
come up with some suggestions of our own for you to consider. My
understanding is that you will not have an opportunity to speak about this
until February, thereabouts. We'll work with Staff as well to see if there are
other suggestions that could be adopted and modify the schedule as we go
forward. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Norman Beamer.

Norman Beamer: I wanted to mention some ideas that I had that indirectly
relates to a later Agenda item but not directly, and so I think it's appropriate
to talk about it now. I understand there is a situation where a number of
people are conflicted out of the later Agenda item that is considering the
parking, the RPP program. It seems to me that the Council should take a
step backwards, revisit the general ordinance that was passed back in
December of 2014, I believe, which was a Citywide ordinance and thus the
entire Council was able to discuss it and deliberate on it and vote on it
without a conflict arising. Go back to that ordinance and change it so that—
make findings that recognize the entire City is either presently or soon will
be in a situation where nonresident parking can be a problem basically
anywhere in the City or at least in a wide variety of neighborhoods in the
City whether it be from Downtown or California Avenue or El Camino or
Stanford Research Park or neighboring towns from East Palo Alto or Menlo
Park. Nonresident influx of parking, recognize that's a problem and allow
any block in the City to, through a simple petition process, opt into a College
Terrace type of resident-only parking permit program. The entire Council
could do that, and then they would be done with it, and it would just be a
petition process on a block-by-block basis. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Christian Pease, and Mr. Pease
will be speaking on behalf of more than five additional cardholders. You're
welcome to take up to ten minutes.

Christian Pease speaking for numerous members of the public: Thank you.
I hope not to take ten minutes. My name is Christian Pease. I live on Park
Boulevard in Evergreen Park which, as you know, is a small neighborhood.
It's only three by five blocks; it dates to the days of Mayfield. We're here
tonight because we have a growing commuter parking problem. We've
come to submit a proposal for your consideration and for the record. We're
asking you tonight to designate by resolution Evergreen Park as an eligibility
area for annexation into the existing and contiguous January 2010 College
Park Residential Parking Permit Program or RPP. Evergreen Park was
originally intended to be part of this RPP. The Stanford University general
use permit of December 12, 2002 substantiates this. Our proposal also
includes a completed parked car count and a petition in support of it signed

                                                                         Page 22 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
