                         TRANSCRIPT
people. We probably have 15-20 people in the whole organization who can
be involved in some way on these. That's the counterbalance too. I'm not
saying that to preclude it; I'm just saying that will have to be part of the
conversation if we want to go forward on this in some way with some new
alternatives or something. We may have to look at the impact on other
things we do.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One other comment. I guess what I was hearing
Council Member DuBois suggest was some sort of a short-term moratorium
on two-story houses. I don't know if I heard you correctly on that. That's
sort of what I heard.

Council Member DuBois: While we're figuring this out.

Vice Mayor Scharff: While we're figuring it out. What I heard Staff say is we
probably have 90 days anyway before we really would have a two-story
home issue before us, if ever. I'm not sure that the current way we've
agendized this allows us to put in a moratorium either. I don't think it does.
It seems to me that the appropriate thing to do would be to refer this out,
have Staff come back in an iterative way, at which point different options
would be on the table, and then we'd probably have another meeting after
that as well to refine that. I don't see us being able to do that tonight
frankly. It seems more like an up or down vote tonight or to defer it and do
nothing.

Ms. Silver: One step that you could consider is it is agendized for a
permanent single story overlay district. If you wanted to do something less
than that, you could shrink the neighborhood; you could shrink the duration.
You could do a short-term single story overlay as it is currently agendized.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess what you're saying is we could—I don't want to
be nasty about it. It sounds like—shrinking the neighborhood seems to
subvert the process. I'm not interested in shoehorning this in. I'm not
interested in saying we can skirt the rules and get right up to the line of
what's appropriate.     It doesn't seem to me that there's an imminent
emergency ordinance that's needed. It seems to me that the appropriate
thing where there's so much neighborhood interest is to play it really clean.
That, to me, seems that you agendize it so everyone can come and discuss
it if you're going to put in a short-term ordinance that says for the next 6
months there will be no single family overlays or anything like that. It
doesn't really seem appropriate to me to be trying to figure out a way to get
this done around the law that exists for transparency and openness frankly.
I probably wouldn't be supportive of that. Anyway, I'll hear what my
colleagues have to say.

                                                                       Page 61 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
