                           TRANSCRIPT
certainly not going to make the trips go away. Page Mill Road/El Camino
Real is a really big problem, congested intersection. The trips that make it
there are not really going to make a noticeable effect on what's already a
very bad situation. I think it's the amenities and the adjustment of transit
service to serve new demand that we see.

Mayor Burt: I appreciate that the onsite amenities of this little village that's
going to be created there reduces the trips, but I'm actually thinking about
in addition to whatever reduction you have are there any intentions on
figuring out where those trips are going and whether they can be served
more effectively by a modification to the Marguerite destinations.

Ms. Palter: I think I may let Brian step up again and talk a little bit more
about how they monitor what the needs are for Marguerite and how they can
make adjustments hopefully as efficiently as possible.

Mayor Burt: Thanks.

Mr. Shaw: That's a great question. We need to find out the behavior of
these folks that'll be moving into these new units to really figure out how to
fine tune Marguerite. As we stated, we plan to do a transit hub at this
facility. It'll be the first of its kind on campus, where it's a dedicated location
for Marguerites to function, where folks can interface with multiple routes as
well as access the Zipcars I mentioned earlier, perhaps also get access to
bike facilities that we'll be putting in. That'll help us figure out perhaps
where else we need to be moving Marguerite service. They'll be able to use
the Marguerite that's going to be brought to the site to get to the Palo Alto
Transit Center, Downtown Palo Alto, perhaps also make connections to the
San Antonio Shopping Center. Those are areas we already serve with
Marguerite. The question is are we providing enough service to meet the
needs of the folks living in these new units. Those are the types of data sets
we're going to be running right now as we're working on that to develop the
transit center to function at a high level for the people that'll be living on
that location. That's part of our planning work; we haven't done all the
math yet. Those are things we're definitely keeping in mind and considering
as we plan this project.

Mayor Burt: One mode that we heard a week ago on the Stanford Research
Park Transportation Management Analysis (TMA) is looking at that kind of
mid-distance where electric bikes may serve beyond what people would
typically use their pedal power and something less than—replacing what
they otherwise might go by car. Is there any plan to begin to roll out shared
electric bike use?


                                                                           Page 17 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/21/16
