                          TRANSCRIPT
reduce traffic, reduce parking will be successful. We should provide a
system for reevaluating and reducing parking over time as we are successful
with those other efforts. We also talk in this Element about the use of VMT
and LOS. As you discussed earlier this evening, we're in an evolution in the
CEQA process. We've included policies in the draft Plan about using both of
those going forward as we evaluate traffic. Other themes. Prioritizing
pedestrian and bicycle safety, I don't think you'll find that to be new. That's
a carry forward, but there is also this idea of identifying transit-dependent
communities, people who may not have options other than transit. That's
discussed at some length in the policies. We're carrying forward many of
the policies and the focus on collaboration on regional solutions. As I
mentioned, this is still a draft. We recognize there's some opportunity for
condensing and editing what you have before you. The CAC also provided
some additional comments, which we've forwarded to you as one of the
attachments you received this evening. In taking their vote to forward this
draft to the Council, the committee really wanted you to know that it is a
draft. They understand that things are changing as we move forward. For
example, the VTA proposal to reduce bus service in our area they felt like
wasn't addressed fully. As the VTA moves forward with that, we should
circle back and make sure that's addressed in a significant way in the final
product.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. On this, can you explain the colors?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm getting to it.

Mayor Burt: Sorry.

Ms. Gitelman: The other thing that I wanted to mention is one of the gaps
in the document—it's just a placeholder right now—is the list of physical
improvements that will be undertaken during the life of the Plan. It's not
going to be a surprise to any of you; ultimately we'll fill that in with the
grade separations that you know we're working on, any of the County
expressway projects that the Council ultimately wishes to support and
include on that list, including intersection improvements along Page Mill
Road, and any other Capital Improvement Program (CIP) projects. That'll be
coming as part of the next draft.           One other interesting note is the
attachment we provided with a summary of the analysis that our
collaborators at Stanford have done. They're really developing and testing
this idea of tracking crowd-sourced comments through a complex planning
process like this. This graphic is a first take at some of their analysis, trying
to show all of the comments that we sourced through the Digital Commenter
and the public comments coming into the process, how the CAC massaged
those comments, and then how the final product stacks up. What you're

                                                                         Page 90 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
