                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Just in terms of our objectives this evenings, we want to
review the overall Ordinance with you. It was adopted in May of 2015 and
extended one month later. You really have to look at the original Ordinance
and the extension together to get the full scope of the program. Those were
provided in your Staff Report. The Ordinance expires April 30, 2017, so
that's our deadline for developing and adopting any permanent restrictions.
This evening in addition to reviewing the Ordinance, we wanted to consider
this request that's specific to 100 Addison. It's a request for a waiver using
the provisions of the Ordinance. It was originally on your Consent Calendar
and pulled for discussion by the Council and scheduled for this evening. In
addition, there are three other properties discussed in the Staff Report. In
each of these three cases, we don't have a fully fleshed out request for
waiver with supporting documentation, but each one has raised different
questions about the applicability of the Ordinance and how they should be
treated under the Ordinance. We wanted to discuss kind of that issue of
interpreting the current Interim Ordinance with the Council. Finally, as the
Mayor mentioned we wanted to receive direction and have some discussion
with you about the prioritization of permanent retail protections. As I
mentioned, the whole purpose of an Interim Ordinance is to give the City
time to develop those permanent restrictions. Just in general, the ordinance
prohibits the conversion of ground-floor retail and what we defined in the
Ordinance as retail-like uses from converting to other uses. Where that
Ordinance was "permitted or operating on March 2nd, 2015," that's the
operable date at which these controls or these restrictions start to apply. It
specifically applies under the ordinance to legal and nonconforming uses,
which is an unusual provision that creates some complexities. It also applies
in some instances to basements that are being used as retail or retail
support functions. Again, that's an unusual provision that brings with it
some complexities; although, that's not really the subject of any of the
specific interpretations that we're bringing to you this evening for your
conversation. This is the list of retail and retail-like uses from the ordinance.
This was discussed at length when the interim Ordinance was adopted. The
Ordinance contained a minor edit to the definition of retail service, and then
it identifies by section of the Code all of these other uses as being protected.
Essentially, if you have one of these uses on the ground floor of a building in
Palo Alto that was permitted or operating as of that March 2nd date, it
cannot convert to a use that's not on this list under the terms of the
ordinance. If you had a retail use, it could convert to eating and drinking
and, likewise, other uses could convert to other uses on this list. It just
can't convert to office, for example. That was really the motivation of the
ordinance, to prevent conversions to office and non-retail-like uses. Since
adoption, the Ordinance has effectively prevented the conversion of ground-
floor retail space to office space. Obviously, we don't know how many
spaces would have converted in this time if the Ordinance hadn't been in
                                                                         Page 43 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
