                          TRANSCRIPT
cut of information and refer it to the committee with the input that we've
heard tonight on looking at other revenue streams and a couple of other
permutations as well as advice that we get from our pollster and to have
more clear questions on the relationship between this and a VTA tax. I
would say there was a question that Council Member Kniss said. The
business community is going to want to know how they would benefit. Vice
Mayor Scharff and I met with the Stanford TMA maybe close to months ago.
They made it clear at the time that traffic congestion was the biggest threat
to them. We're hearing it more and more from the business community as
well as the resident community. I think there's a strong argument that
solving this problem is very much in their interest. It's really one of the
reasons why I'm much more inclined to look at a dedicated purpose, even if
it is a general tax. Not to mention that that's an area that these kinds of
dollars could actually have a real impact on. One other thing that might not
poll well. We didn't poll kind of the environmental question of reducing our
automobile trips. You got to hear about our 80/30 goal, and transportation
is 60 percent of our remaining greenhouse gases. It's air pollution. It's a lot
of safety issues. I wasn't assuming that would necessarily resonate, but
maybe I'm wrong. That would be another single question at least to throw
in there. Let's put the question before us. Not whether we want to go
ahead and put something on the ballot, but whether we want to refer this to
the committee a second cut of polling.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, could I just add some logistical clarifications here.
At least our recommendation was two components of the next steps. One
would be to do some outreach in the community over the next month, with
the business community and potentially other stakeholders, that would help
also inform what some of the messages are that maybe resonate or don't
resonate. Then, incorporate that feedback into—for the subcommittee and
ultimately the Council to benefit from that feedback and to have that also
help inform the next round of polling. We've got consultant tasks that we
would have to do. It wouldn't be until early June at the earliest before you
would be actually talking about designing the poll.

Mayor Burt: I would think that both that outreach and the polling would be
of value even if we elect to not put it on this fall's ballot. If it's a year from
now and we find out that either—did we get the answer on the parcel tax?

Mr. Keene: Yes, it's two-thirds.

Mayor Burt: It's two-thirds. Whether we go for a special tax, or two years
from now we go for a general tax, we'll have a foundation that we can start
that process a year ahead of time. If we don't elect to go forward now, I
think there'd be value. If we saw that we've really got something that is

                                                                         Page 129 of 135
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/2/16
