                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: We're looking at the issue. Just give us a few minutes.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Go ahead.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney. We did receive a letter from Shute Mihaly over the weekend,
and they raised two legal issues. The first issue related to the word
adjacency under the Vehicle Code.           The Vehicle Code establishes two
different processes for giving nonresident permits. The first process is under
22507A, and it authorizes the City to issue permits to both residents and
merchants adjacent to the streets. The question that was raised is what
does adjacent mean under this particular statute. There was a case that did
take a look at that issue. In that case, the court said, "We're not going to
take a real literal definition of adjacent because under this particular parking
scheme, the traditional definition of adjacent doesn't work. Instead we're
going to take a common sense definition and approach to adjacent." In that
case, they determined that adjacent meant a permit that would allow people
to park anywhere within the district as distinguished from giving a permit to
say College Terrace and College Terrace then could park within the
Downtown Parking District since that would be two different districts.

Council Member DuBois:      Is there any implication how large a district can
be?

Ms. Silver: Yes. Of course, that's an issue. That case still with Hermosa
Beach, I'd have to take a look at exactly how large the district was, but my
sense is that the district in that case was as large as our district or perhaps
larger.

Council Member DuBois: I wouldn't expect it to be long and narrow though;
it'd be the distance to the beach.

Ms. Silver: Right, right. With respect to the other section in the Vehicle
Code that authorizes the granting of permits is for—the term used in the
Vehicle Code is "other designated groups." Under that definition, the Council
can issue, specify a particular group, say businesses or employees of
businesses within the district, but you need to make special findings in order
to issue permits to designated groups. The findings that need to be made
under the Vehicle Code are that the distribution of those permits will not
adversely affect parking conditions for residents and merchants in the area.
We have addressed that finding in the resolution issuing the employee
permits by establishing a cap of 2,000. It's Staff's judgment that this
permitting mechanism by establishing a cap, it actually betters the situation
                                                                        Page 103 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
