                          TRANSCRIPT
path and one of the most dangerous intersections until this RPP went into
effect. We often would see bikers nearly getting hit, cars getting hit because
the density was so thick in parked cars all day long that you couldn't see
who was coming on Bryant Street. It's much better now. I think without
the draw-down it will be again. Zone Eight has a larger area than the other
zones. I don't think it will be equally distributed permit-wise, so we will once
again become the parking lot for the nonresidential parkers. If we could
look at resizing and maybe making equal zones, I think that would be very
beneficial, especially being on the bike route like we are. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.         Next speaker is Mary Dimit, to be
followed by Pria [phonetic].

Mary Dimit: Could someone bring up the zone map please? Thank you. My
name is Mary Dimit. I'm president of a condo association at University and
Guinda which is in Zone 10. I've lived there for 30 years. In fact, I moved
to work at the City building here to manage the energy services office. I did
walk to work from Zone 10. I had three points. The first one is that when I
read the revised Resolution, I did not see anything in Section 5C, the
language that followed the Council's directive to keep employee parking out
of Zones 9 and 10. I did not see that no daily permits will be made available
for Zones 9 and 10, and as the number of nonresident permits reduced each
year that the reductions would occur in those zones first. Second, currently
there are 1,500 employee permits that have been issued. Starting with
2,000 allowed, and then reducing them, which is an increase of 30 percent,
over 30 percent, and decreasing them by 200, at least 200, a year should be
doable for now. That links into the request that Council evaluate the impact
of this program both on employees and on residents before December. I
think that's too long to wait, and then have periodic evaluations that can
watch that issue of the 2,000 reduction. The third point is previously I've
spoken in favor of this Program and how it applies to the entire district.
Today, I'm speaking more of how it applies to Zone 10 and 9 in the outlying
areas. As the previous speaker mentioned, there are streets within each of
the zones that will be affected more than others. Those are the ones closest
to the edge of the zone toward Downtown. If you look at the map, the
western side of Zone 10 is much closer to Downtown than some of the zones
further south. In addition, a lot of the growth in office buildings are on that
side. I can't give you a personal (inaudible), but our street of 30 will have
55 cars that are going to be eligible to park because we're the street closest.
Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Pria, to be followed by
Barbara Gross. Pria? Barbara Gross to be followed by Judy Kleinberg.


                                                                          Page 26 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
