                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Kniss, second by Council Member
Wolbach. Please vote. That passes on a 7-0 vote with Council Members
Holman and Berman absent. We will now go into Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Holman absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:06 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:05 P.M.

Mayor Burt: The City Council is returning from a Closed Session item, and
we have no reportable actions.

Special Orders of the Day

2.   Presentation of the Winners in the Emergency Services/FEMA Art
     Poster Contest.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Special Order of the Day. It's presentation
of the winners in the Emergency Services/FEMA Art Poster contest. It's part
of America's Preparathon. The City of Palo Alto Office of Emergency Services
will be announcing the winners of the Emergency Preparedness Poster Art
contest held March and April of this year, which was open from grades first
through eighth grade. The contest was organized by Divakar Saini, the
FEMA Youth Council Member, with support from Annette Glanckopf, team
leader of the Emergency Service volunteers, and Ken Dueker, our City's
Director of Emergency Services. The effort also received support from the
Palo Alto Art Center, the Palo Alto Fire Department and the Federal
Emergency Management Agency, FEMA.              The contest was part of the
America's Preparathon initiative, which is a national grassroots campaign for
action to increase community preparedness and resilience. The theme of the
contest was Emergency Preparedness. The purpose was to raise awareness
among the youth of Palo Alto to take proactive roles in disaster
preparedness. Divakar Saini said, "We live in an earthquake prone area,
and we might be due for a big one. By taking four simple steps, we can
mitigate the effects of such disasters. These include building an emergency
kit, making an emergency family plan, be informed, and getting involved in
local emergency preparedness activities. Getting this simple message to the
youth across our region is my main goal."            There was enthusiastic
participation in the contest, and the Office of Emergency Services received a
number of creative, colorful posters that raised awareness toward the four
basic steps of emergency preparation. If people haven't seen them, we
                                                                       Page 2 of 110
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/23/16
