                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: My thought is this. I think we have to put the golf
course back. We sort of broke it. You walk into the store and you break it,
it's yours. We bought it, unless we're going to abandon the golf course,
which would be a huge decision to do. I think what I'm really saying is that
if we think the bids are high because we have the wrong people bidding,
that's one thing. If we think that over the passage of time the costs have
just increased, we now need to find the money and put it aside to do the golf
course. I think it only gets worse if we let it sit there. I think we need to
make that a priority to fund the golf course and get this fixed. When you
say we're close to getting the permits, that makes me think within 6
months. That's what that means; maybe I'm misunderstanding.

Mr. Sartor:    I'm thinking more like 1-2 months.           Another piece of
information. We are negotiating with the low-bidding contractor right now.
When we bring the contract to you for award, we will also be bringing
forward a deductive change order along with that to reduce the bid amount.
That doesn't bring it back to the original estimate, but it gets us closer to a
funding strategy that we're working closely with Lalo and Community
Services on. We anticipate bringing that package forward to you, I believe,
right before break, June 20th. We'll have that before you at that Council
meeting.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's really (inaudible) my question. Do I need to put
it in the parking lot? I want to see it green. I think it has to be green.

Mr. Keene: You're going to get it on the 20th.

Mr. Sartor: It's coming forward on the 20th.       The only reason we put it
yellow were some of those things that were ...

Mayor Burt: Got held up. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just under the golf course, Number 73. This says
delay due to funding capital fund budget constraints and Staff workloads
with Post Office prioritization. Did we make the Post Office our priority?

Mayor Burt: That's Ventura, not the golf course.

Council Member Kniss: I'm sorry. No, I said just under the golf course. I
brought up the golf course before. I'm trying to see did we say we can't do
Ventura as long as we do the Post Office.

Mr. Sartor: What we're saying is that the Ventura project is still moving
forward. It's yellow; it's not red. It's just not ...


                                                                        Page 55 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
