                         TRANSCRIPT
we have on any others. That being said, if we don't have a good means for
following up, it'll again in many ways be for naught. My suggestion for having
quarterly Retreats wasn't so much to say it was a [video malfunction] sounds
like we've got to do that. If you would indulge me, I would just throw out a
couple of questions that struck me as we were talking about possible changes
that we could make. I do it more illustrative of the fact we could identify ten
other things, but the question still will be can we implement these. We do need
to have a process to be able to discuss it. This idea of if we started meetings
earlier, would we end meetings earlier? I think we could all sort of go not sure
about that. I mean, just given our past practice. If we answer questions in
advance, does it actually speed up the meeting itself? Don't have the data to
show that. I mean, the truth is if you had a hard and fast two or three to pull
something off Consent, the process right now could let nine individual Council
Members ask a lot of questions. We'd spend a lot of time on it that you
wouldn't if you had to just pull it off. If a Staff Report is shorter, will the
meeting be shorter? I don't think there's necessarily any guarantee. I could
certainly agree we could make Staff Reports shorter, but I would just tell you
as the Staff we wouldn't necessarily say that saved 20 minutes on the meeting
if we cut it down by 20 minutes. I just say that in a sense that there aren't
these other boundaries that are able to be imposed to manage the other
aspects. I don't mean it critically, but what I do mean is until we get to that
point, I think it is going to be hard to manage some of our issues. I think we
have to have some way where there is some opportunity, at least in the nearer
term, to work with a subset of the Council, even the Mayor and Vice Mayor, to
at least try to put a little more meat on the bones about how we might next
follow up with some of these things, knowing that any—if it was the Mayor and
Vice Mayor, just as discussion. That's as much to just be getting a sounding
board from some Council Members. We wouldn't take any action; we never can
unless we bring a whole item back to the Council for some discussion.

Mayor Burt: Some of what is the established role is on Agenda setting. That's
not outside of established roles. I wouldn't want to go beyond what is that
Charter authority without Council consent.

Mr. Keene: I do think it is relevant as to how we start to structure how it is to
get the work done is really within the realm of the Agenda process. In this
case, it wouldn't be just—we wouldn't be following the direction of the Mayor
and Vice Mayor, but we would be having some discussion to be able to bring
back to the Council for direction. The last thing I just would say is that the
truth is—I put it in the report we wrote—even though we have all those items
up there, we're not going to get them done this year. We never get them done
any year. What we are trying to do is get more disciplined about how we make
decisions about what we're going to do and not do and that we make that
explicit more with the Council. Right now, to be honest, I am or Molly in the
                                                                         Page 75 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
