                          TRANSCRIPT
Control (IPPC)—I would talk to Steve and say, "How are we going to solve
this? This is daunting." Steve would say, "You're right. We may not get it
below 4 1/2 degrees or we may not keep below that, but we have to try.
Everything we do will make a difference." Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Doria Summa to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus.
Welcome.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor, City Council, Staff. I want to thank
everybody for this presentation, especially Mr. Friend and his team. Though
it's not yet specific, this plan, I look forward to the process where more
specificity comes out in terms of programs and plans. The goals presented
here are all positive. In general, it's a very fine document. I do appreciate
the enormous amount of work that went into collating all of this. I look
forward to seeing the document that Council Member Filseth spoke about,
just to kind of get my head around how you actually approach this. I do
have a concern—I should mention I'm a member on the CAC, but of course
not representing them. I do have a little bit of concern that some of you
other speakers have mentioned about the timeline of the S/CAP and the
Comp. Plan process. The CAC hasn't had a chance to date to really work
with the S/CAP team. I think it's essential that the two documents work
together and not be at odds with another. I am concerned about the
concept of zero impact growth. All growth has an impact; you simply can't
escape it. I think true sustainability will be one that finds a balance within
sustainability goals and growth. In 2030, I hope we exceed our goals today,
but I don't want to see a Palo Alto that will have reduced its ability to
provide habitat for our native flora and fauna and backyard habitat that's so
important, and our urban forest I would roll into that. I don't want to see a
reduction of views of the hills and the skies. I want this to continue to be a
healthy, great place to educate and raise future generations of Palo Altans.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by our final
speaker, Rita Vrhel.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening, Mayor Burt, City Council. My name is
Shani Kleinhaus. I'm the environmental advocate for Santa Clara Valley
Audubon Society and speak on their behalf. I'm also a resident and a
member of the CAC, but don't speak for the CAC. The S/CAP is an excellent
document. It's very impressive. In the time I have to speak, I cannot
possibly describe the many well-deserved praises that it deserves. I am
glad there is a consideration of nature and species other than the human
species in the sustainability discussion. The S/CAP proposes to provide a
healthy, resilient environment where all species can thrive and enjoy life, but

                                                                         Page 41 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
