                          TRANSCRIPT
10.   Approval for the Consolidation of the Unscheduled Vacancy on the
      Planning and Transportation Commission With the Fall 2016 Board and
      Commission Recruitment.

Mayor Burt: Motion to approve by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Kniss. Please vote on the board. That passes 8-0 with Council
Member Filseth absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Filseth absent

Action Items

11.   Resolution 9691 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Adopting a Net Energy Metering Successor Rate E-EEC-1 (Export
      Electricity Compensation); Establishing the Net Energy Metering
      Transition Policy; and Amending Rule and Regulation 2 (Definitions
      and Abbreviations) and 29 (Net Energy Metering and Interconnection)
      (Continued From June 27, 2016).”

Mayor Burt:     We will now move on to Item Number 11, which is a
recommendation from the City Council Finance Committee that the Council
adopt a Resolution adopting a Net Energy Metering successor rate, EE-EEC-
1, which is Export Electricity Compensation, which establishes the net
metering transition policy and amends the rule and regulation of two
different ones, the definitions and abbreviations, and Section 29, the Net
Energy Metering Interconnection. This was continued to us from June 27th
of this year. Welcome, Mr. Shikada and colleagues.

Ed Shikada, Interim Utilities Director/Assistant City Manager: Thank you,
Mr. Mayor and members of the Council. Ed Shikada wearing my hat as
Interim Utilities Director. This evening, we've got a presentation which,
perhaps in reference to the City Manager's earlier comment, is in typical Palo
Alto rigorous style. I'm not sure it's too mellow, but it is nonetheless
rigorous. We would like to spend a few minutes walking through the
particulars of this Net Energy Metering issue as it is a fairly complex
technical one and also obviously drawing quite a bit of attention from solar
industry advocates. The Council may have noticed that you received quite a
few emails this afternoon with the title "Protect Rooftop Solar in Roseville."
If nothing else and a little bit tongue in cheek, the emails you received do
reflect some industry concern about how cities are dealing with the Net
Energy Metering regulations and moving into successor programs as the
regulations are moving into a new phase. I would say that as Staff has met
with industry reps, we recognize the concern that they have about Palo
Alto's trendsetting ability. I would, as we get into the particulars, use it as
an opportunity to push the perspective that, rather than being concerned
                                                                       Page 13 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
