                          TRANSCRIPT
yellow zone, is a residential neighborhood. I think one of the problems is
that we tend to think all neighborhoods are not equal. Every neighborhood
has its own wonderful characteristics, qualities and so forth. I know when
we first lived here, different parts of the community—I hate to even mention
this to Professorville. That was not considered an area everyone wanted to
live in. It was frankly in the '70s full of communes. Hard to believe now,
but it actually was. It has changed dramatically. By way of saying
residential areas change dramatically through the years, and ours have.
Hillary, to make this into a question, a residential community in our fair City
is simply one that is not in a commercial district. Am I correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member Kniss: I don't know how much more simply to put it than
that.    We keep hearing that commercial should not impede on
neighborhoods. Our commercial space Downtown is just this very small
number of blocks. We all anticipate that this small number of blocks will
provide us our coffee when we go Downtown or bagels or whatever else it
may be. Hopefully we can walk there pretty easily, to one of our commercial
neighborhoods, whether it's Midtown, California (Cal.) Avenue or whatever.
I want to ask about the TMA, because many times it's come up today.
Where are we—it's not part of our Resolution, but it's part of our solution.
Where are we with the TMA as we speak? Is it part of our solution?

Ms. Sullivan: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. We definitely believe it's
part of our solution. We're going to bring you a full update on the TMA on
March 14th. I will say that TMA has been incorporated as a third-party
nonprofit, and we'll be presenting its plan for you.

Council Member Kniss: I know that the Research Park is really going full
speed ahead on it. They also have a lot of motivation to do that at the same
time. Looking again at something—how much time have I got left?

Council Member Schmid: One minute.

Council Member Kniss: One minute, fast. Looking at the number of parking
spots that are actually available, looking at this from a variety of different
angles, one of the answers I see from—I think it's from you, Hillary—says
that actually a 200 permit reduction would really be about 3.8 percent of the
total available employee permits. Am I correct? I think I'm reading your
answer.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, I think that's correct.


                                                                         Page 43 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
