                         TRANSCRIPT
in Southgate. Three things that I'm curious if it's possible to do either in
addition to, separately from, maybe in advance of, kind of regardless of RPP
in Southgate. One, is there any way to enforce something like—I'll see this
at private properties where it'll say no parking for X. If you park here and
go to the business next door, we're going to tow our car. Is it possible to
have a "no Paly parking" sign set up? I'm absolutely serious. Is it possible
to do something like that? Is it possible to enforce it? Again, I've seen the
private property examples, and I'm wondering if it's possible to do that for
public use.

Ms. Atkinson: In terms of restriction by user group, that would be fairly
difficult. That would require technology to determine whose car belongs to
who. What we have seen and what is actually in place, I believe, near Gunn
High School is a time restriction, no parking between 10:00 A.M. to 11:00
A.M., for example. That can be enforced, but we have—I think a user group
restriction would be considerably more difficult.

Council Member Wolbach: Secondly, is it possible to add—because one of
the concerns is people blocking driveways and also parking dangerously at
corners. Is it possible to just add more red pain at the corners of driveways
and the corners of intersections to prevent unsafe and blocking parking
behaviors?

Ms. Atkinson: That is something that we can consider doing.

Council Member Wolbach: Also where the streets are too narrow to have a
car parked on both sides and have an emergency vehicle pass in the middle,
it seems to me that you'd want to stop people parking on one side or the
other regardless of who's doing the parking. We'd want our emergency
vehicles to pass through. Is that something that we could also direct Staff
tonight to do? To explore eliminating parking on one side of the street or
the other where the street is dangerously narrow.

Mr. Mello: As currently configured, the majority of the streets in Southgate
will allow an emergency vehicle to pass when both sides are parked up. Two
vehicles cannot pass each other without pulling over in the parking lane to
yield. We did proactively install some red curbing at Castilleja on Manzanita
about a month and a half ago. We saw it as good opportunity. There were
a couple of homes that were under construction, so we went in and cleared
and little bit of yielding area there. We do think there's an opportunity to
create additional yielding areas both for our emergency vehicles and
passenger vehicles. I think that in itself would also take a little bit of a
stakeholder process with the community, because certain property owners
would lose parking in front of their property.

                                                                      Page 76 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
