                          TRANSCRIPT
before you tonight is our State-mandated Building Codes. Every three
years, if you remember, it seems like a blink of the eye I was here three
years ago doing this exact same thing. The Building Codes is a compilation
of many different sections of Title 24. As many cities do, we make local
amendments to those Codes to reflect the character and the different
nuances of the City of Palo Alto that we've carried on from year to year as
well as learning from different construction, other mishaps that other cities
have had and absorbing them into the local amendments. What you have is
just about a year's worth of work on our end to compile notes and learnings
from various sections of the Code and disciplines and consolidating them into
one Staff Report that's before you to go over all the local amendments.
What I've compiled today is a very quick overview. I'm leaning heavily on
the fact that all the materials are in the Staff Report. What I have asked my
Staff to do is compile a list of the most pertinent sections of the Code that
we think might be of interest. We will go over them briefly. If you have any
questions, we have slides that are embedded in this longer Power Point
presentation, which we're prepared to get into if need be. The PowerPoint is
generally an overview of the sections that we feel are of the most interest.
If I may introduce my Staff that's here to support the various sections of the
Code. To my right is George Hoyt, our Chief Building Official. In the crowd
behind me is Evon Ballash, our Assistant Chief Building Official. Melanie
Jacobson, our Green Building Coordinator Contractor. James Hendrickson
was supposed to be here today, but he had a family emergency. In his
place, Geo Blackshire and Karl Schneider are here to discuss the Fire Code.
With that, if I may start again. The recommended Motion is here before
you. I believe the City Attorney would recommend that you only read the
first two lines. I don't ask that you read the entire dissertation. If you're
looking for a dissertation, I've got a great one for you. With that, the local
Code and local amendments is a State-mandated requirement every 3 years.
The 2016 California Building Standards Code is before you with the local
amendments. We're required by State law to adopt it within 180 days from
July 1st. At best, we're hoping to adopt the Codes at their bare basic, but
we would really hope that you would adopt them with the local amendments.
With that, I'm going to pass the mike onto Evon Ballash, our Assistant Chief
Building Official, to discuss the first section of which we have four to discuss.
We'll be very brief and ready to answer questions. With that, Ms. Ballash.

Evon Ballash, Assistant Chief Building Official: Thank you, Peter. Good
evening, Council Members. I'm here tonight to give you a brief highlight of
some of the important changes to the California Building Code. The first two
items that are on the list address the Berkeley balcony collapse. What we
recommend is providing ventilation underneath the exterior balconies to
allow moisture to escape to prevent dry rot damage of the framing
members. Also, we are requesting to require access panels to allow for
                                                                         Page 38 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
