                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. Let me make sure I understand. I thought the
suggestion that we analyze grade separating all of the crossings and
somehow including closing Churchill in one of the scenarios is a great
suggestion. I didn't quite understand your first question. Are you asking
whether we're analyzing the impacts of an elevated track going over the
roadway?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I hadn't gotten that far. What I was really saying is I'm
not sure there is a difference in the EIR whether or not we do the trench.
There might be because it's probably different construction than if we just
grade separate Arastradero and Meadow as opposed to putting it in a trench.
This says put them in a trench, which is my preferred alternative. It may
not be possible, and there may be things that happen, at which point we'd
want to maybe do the grade separations. I think that's where we'd be
heading. The question is should we look at both of those scenarios or does
the trench really cover the fact if we have to grade separate there and we
can't do the trench, would it be the same impacts or would we have different
impacts and, therefore, we have a problem. I assume in Scenarios 1 and 2
we do no grade separation. That's what it looks like. In 3, 4, 5 and 6, we
do what's said here. What I'm saying is there are variations in this that we
may need to look at.

Ms. Gitelman: I think it's a good point. It would be good to clarify in 5 and
6 which of these infrastructure solutions you'd like to include. Although
we're doing a very programmatic, high-level analysis, there would be
impacts associated with an alternative to the trench at Charleston and
Meadow that we have not analyzed. We have not analyzed the aesthetic
impacts or the property taking or even acknowledged in any way that would
be required for another approach to Charleston and Meadow.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we need to analyze that in this? I'm not necessarily
pushing for us to do it. There are some impacts that we're obviously
seeking, because we're putting this in the EIR. Think about the different
permutations. The question is, is that something we should be analyzing for
this purpose as opposed to other purposes. I don't have the expertise to
know the answer to that question. I specifically thought about Churchill as
one where we may very well close it or choose not to close it and just do a
bike underpass. If we close it, that changes traffic flow in a big way.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that would be an excellent iteration to include one of
the two new scenarios, this idea of closing Churchill. In terms of whether we
have to analyze many different ways to grade separate, obviously the grade
separations themselves will require project-specific analysis. We're going to
have to d an environmental document on whatever our preferred method of

                                                                       Page 44 of 92
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/29/16
