                         TRANSCRIPT
their participation in Palo Alto Green. Congratulations. Thank you all, and
congratulations to everyone. Please keep up the good work.

Study Session

3.   Open Data Presentation.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is our Open Data System Study Session, to be
led by Mr. Reichental. Welcome.

Jonathan Reichental, Chief Information Officer:           Now for something
completely different. Good evening, Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff and
Council Members. I'm Jonathan Reichental, your Chief Information Officer.
Tonight I want to talk to you about two technology (tech.) topics that impact
our community in a very positive way. I want to talk about open data, what
that is, and talk about some of the City applications (apps.). That's my goal
tonight. My presentation's only about 20 minutes or less, and then I'd love
to get your comments and feedback.            I just want to also thank my
Information Technology (IT) managers tonight who have shown up in force
over there. If you'd just show us where you are. It's very nice to see them
this evening. Thanks for coming. What I wanted to do was start with a
picture of Boston in January 2010. In January 2010, it snowed an awful lot
in Boston. It was called snowmageddon because of that. One of the things
that happens during snow is there are more fires than usual. Intuitively,
people are making fires in their homes, and they set their houses on fire.
When the fire services come, they want to be able to find the fire hydrants
as quickly as possible. Unfortunately, when there's a lot of snow, it's very
difficult to find the fire hydrants because they're covered in snow. The fire
service knows approximately where they are, and they go and dig around
the fire hydrants and they finally get them. When your house is on fire, time
is of the essence. The question is how do you solve a problem like that? A
software engineer, no less, decided to travel up to Boston in the summer of
2010 with a completely different idea about how you might make it easier
for fire service personnel to find fire hydrants during the snow. The idea he
came up with was to make the fire hydrant adoptable. You would use an
app. to adopt your fire hydrant in your community. During the year, you
would make sure it was maintained. When it snowed, you would dig around
it; thus, when there was a fire, it would be available. The question is did it
work. It was amazing success. The following year there was a lot of snow
again, and people who adopted the fire hydrants dug around them, and it
was more available for the fire service. The question is what does that really
illustrate? A couple of things. It says, first of all, that we have different
ways to solve civic problems today. It also says that we can use technology
in completely new ways. It means we can use apps. that run on tablets and

                                                                        Page 4 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
