                          TRANSCRIPT
week after week after week. I just admire you enormously. My only
comment about this is however much you would like to charge the
businesses, and however likely or unlikely it is that the employees would
actually use bus passes, I believe you will get much higher approval rating if
you, in addition to collecting the money, hand out the employers' bus passes
for these employees for whom you are charging the money. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Let's go back and look at consideration of next
steps.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One option is that we could refer this back to the
committee and develop a set of parameters for next questions, if we think
we are interested in continuing to explore this possibility for this November.
The other option would be to defer it. Based upon the responses we've seen
here, it probably means defer it for two years but not with certainty. It's
interesting. When Dave explained that all of the subsequent questions were
in the context of voters already anticipating voting on a VTA sales tax, that
does suggest a possibility that we'd get a little bit of an uptick if we want on
a ballot where the VTA wasn't there. One of the things that I would want to
have, if we did a second round, would be clarity of would we in any way
diminish the VTA tax support. It's the flip side of kind of how this was
sequenced. I think that's critical. The VTA tax as it is anticipated to be
structured, has very important, valuable benefits for Palo Alto. We want to
make sure that we support it well. It was nice to see that 74 percent of our
voters said they would support that. If Carl can get that from everybody
else, he's in good shape. Let's go ahead and have discussions about next
steps. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you, and thank you for a quick turnaround. I
just really appreciate it. I have real concerns, I think, with moving forward
on this in 2018.

Male: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: 2016 I meant. I guess it's that general unease that
when we did the TOT tax, we knew exactly what our infrastructure plan was.
I could tell the voters exactly what we needed the money for. We had a list
of projects. I knew exactly what we wanted to use it for. Here I feel we're
doing two things. We don't have time to do the proper outreach before we
put it on a ballot. I don't think we could do that. I think there will be a
general sense that we didn't do the proper outreach. Even when you do do
the proper outreach, people complain you didn't do the proper outreach.
This time I think it may be true. I have that concern that we won't be able
to articulate clearly what we need to use the money for. It polled really

                                                                        Page 121 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
