                         TRANSCRIPT
updating our nexus studies. It also called for considering an impact fee on
rental housing and to apply the inclusionary requirements for three or more
units. The City entered into a contract with Strategic Economics and
Vernacza Wolfe Associates, piggybacking on a countywide collaboration and
San Mateo County. Final drafts of two studies, one for commercial and one
for residential, were completed in November of 2015. After the studies were
completed, there were multiple hearings that were held both at Finance
Committee and the Planning and Transportation Commission. The primary
objectives of this project. The first is to consolidate the commercial and
residential fee programs into a single, uniform ordinance codified in a new
chapter, 16.65, by repealing Municipal Code Sections 16.47 for
nonresidential projects and 18.14 for residential projects. Also to give the
City the ability to charge an impact fee for rental housing. As I mentioned
before, because of the Palmer decision the City has been unable to charge
an impact fee for rental housing since 2009. Another objective is to give
developers the opportunity to build affordable units rather than pay a fee.
On the commercial side, to differentiate the fee structure so different uses
would have different fees. Finally to simplify the in-lieu fee for residential
development. The goal is to apply a fee per square foot instead of the
current method, which is to apply it to—which is seven and a half percent of
the sales price for each unit. I'll give you a very quick overview of the
methodology. As Hillary mentioned, we do have our consultant here. She
can give you some more information if you have questions on the
methodology. For the commercial nexus study, the first step was to develop
prototypes. There were prototypes developed, one for hotel and one for
office, medical and R&D.       A third prototype was considered for retail
restaurant and personal services. Given that this product type has rarely
been constructed in the City in recent years, it was decided not to study that
prototype. Another step in the methodology was to determine employee
density, also to look at the number of new worker households created and
worker household incomes. The study also looked at the affordability gap
between the cost of purchase housing and the cost to build. The study came
up with a maximum justified fee calculation as well as a maximum feasible
fee analysis and finally came up with a recommended fee. Similarly for the
residential study, the study developed prototypes for four different housing
types: single-family detached, single-family attached, condos and rental
housing.     It also determined the household income of residents and
disposable income, the number of new worker households created and the
worker household incomes and also looked at the affordability gap and then
came up with a maximum justified fee calculation, a maximum feasible fee
analysis and recommended fees. As previously mentioned, the Finance
Committee did hold two hearings on this Item, back in February and also in
June of this year. This slide demonstrates the specific Finance Committee
recommendations that were made.          The first recommendation was to
                                                                        Page 36 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
