                          TRANSCRIPT
benefits of the new green building standards and the delta down from old
buildings that are very poor with greenhouse gases versus a new building
that's much more efficient.

Mayor Burt:     I have a few questions.         First, when we look at our
jobs/housing ratio which is a big deal throughout this document, I see from
Slide Number 6 that we're referencing the source as the longitudinal
employment household dynamics/US Census.               I asked our economic
development manager today what data we've received from our Business
Registry. He said that we have so far about a 93 percent response rate and
higher rate yet from larger businesses. The smaller ones have been the
slowest to respond. I think he said a little over 80,000 jobs which is, I think,
the first time that we've had an actual census within our City. Have we
correlated our Business Registry data and integrated it in this document?

Ms. Gitelman: Good question. I had a conversation with Mr. Fehrenbach
today on this issue. I think it's actually a really interesting question. We're
relying on census data, which is not always that intuitive and easy to get,
because jobs are a hard data set to find and to use. The Business Registry
asked a question of businesses about the maximum number of people onsite
at any one time. The way the question was phrased for our businesses;
they were asking if you have a business, what's the maximum number of
people you're going to have there at any one time. That's a little different
than how many employees do you have. I think the questions are different
between the census and the Business Registry. We could, of course, change
that, but there is a difference there. There's another difference in that there
are some exemptions that apply to the Business Registry; the home-based
businesses. I forget what all the other exemptions are. There's going to be
some variation in that data. More than that, we didn't go into a more
detailed analysis. We understanding there are differences, and there are
some reasons for those differences.

Mayor Burt: I'll wait until comments on that. On Slide Number 18, we have
a set of possible policies to slow job growth. There's none there that
address a topic that has been raised by the Council numerous times over the
last years, but we haven't given any policy direction on it in part because
we've been waiting for guidance from the City Attorney's Office on what is
permissible in terms of being able to restrict jobs within existing buildings.
This is all about new structures. Can the City Attorney give us any guidance
on what levers are possible to turn in that regard? If so chose.

Ms. Silver: Sure. I will take a stab at it. As a threshold matter, it's of
course much easier to regulate new development.       There are lots of
mechanisms for regulating new development. This Council has already put

                                                                          Page 28 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
