                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It seemed to be reasonable suggestions just to
streamline and contract between departments. I thought the comparison
with Beverly Hills was interesting, I think, particularly around exception
processes, conditional use permits, variances. Beverly Hills was four to five
times our proposed rates. I understood they included some enforcement
and other things in those rates. I'd like to suggest to my Colleagues that
that's not a bad model to follow. I think what we're trying to do is have
people follow the standard routes as much as possible. Exceptions are
costly, and we're trying to recognize how costly they are. Not really a
question, but a comment.

Ms. Gitelman: Truthfully, we did some soul searching about whether we
could charge out the cost of running our Code enforcement program and
consulted with the City Attorney's Office. Our conclusion was that it was a
safer course of action to do what we do, which is basically consider most of
that a General Fund-supported activity. The Beverly Hills attorney made a
different decision.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I think particularly around exceptions,
we've had complaints about PC zone enforcement. You maybe don't put
enforcement into everything but just major exceptions areas. The other
thing I'd like my Colleagues to consider is the daycare center use permit.
It's still being subsidized, but it's going up quite a bit. I think we're not
going to have too many daycares, so I would actually consider subsidizing it
further.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Sorry, I didn't have all of these indexed.

Mr. Lait: Packet Page 101.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.       The very top of 101.   It's currently
$186; it would go to $992.

Mayor Burt: Can Staff explain a little more on what that covers and when
that's applied?

Ms. Gitelman: It's a use permit for a daycare facility. Most use permits are
handled as is shown down below, in those two rows a little farther down. In
the past—I don't know the history on this—the City elected to charge
something less for a use permit when it was for the establishment of a
daycare facility. It's always been handled as a separate fee.



                                                                       Page 25 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
