                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: The SSOs that I've been involved in processing have generally
followed streets or, in the case of the boundary to the left, a creek channel.
We have had—I'm thinking the Los Arboles did remove two homes on the
edge that were on a different street, that seemed outliers and were not
Eichler one-story homes. They were a different character, and they were
outliers on the street. There is precedent to remove some homes.

Council Member Filseth: My reaction was the same as, I think, the Vice
Mayor's on this. We slice a little bit off here, and we slice a little bit off
there. I'm sort of uncomfortable redesigning the whole thing from the dais.
With that, I have a couple of comments earlier which is on the process.
We're all throwing darts at the process, which very clearly isn't perfect. Yet,
the process is the process until we have a new process. It is what it is. If
we don't make decisions because we think we might change the process in
the future, then we'll never get anything done. I think we ought to make a
decision on this. As far as the back and forth between 62 percent and 58
percent, I think that just shows that this is borderline. If it were 80 percent
in favor or 30 percent in favor, this wouldn't be happening. I think what this
shows is just borderline. At that point, you have to pick a date. It is what it
is. I have a tough time supporting—I understand what the proponents want
to do, and I appreciate what they've gone through to do it. It's very hard
for me to support when 43 percent of the neighborhood tonight doesn't want
to do it. Again, it just shows that it's borderline. I understand the tendency
to say why don't we defer it and get some more information and stuff like
that. I think we've been doing a bunch of that in the last few months here
on Council. I think we ought to make a decision. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm in favor of SSOs. I was recused from one
recently because I was a resident of a neighborhood. Myself, my family, we
were in favor of it. It didn't succeed, didn't move forward. We were okay
with that, because we realized we didn't have the whole neighborhood on
the same side. We had a preference as a family, and we didn't get what our
preference was. We accepted that. I've always said I'm in favor of SSOs if
the neighborhood has overwhelming support. Maybe consensus is the right
word. It doesn't have to be unanimous. Kind of picking up on what Council
Member Filseth was just saying, this is borderline. I respectfully do want to
offer an important correction about something that was said by Council
Member Schmid. I just want to make sure we're very clear. Even in a
neighborhood with a CC&R 60 percent or in a neighborhood without a CC&R
70 percent, those thresholds are to get a hearing. Those are not thresholds
to get an SSO. That allows you to move the forward process, to have this
hearing, to have this discussion. At which point, I think it's incumbent upon
                                                                        Page 68 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
