                         TRANSCRIPT
Correct? That covers it? Tree trimming, it'd be interesting to see where
others are. I didn't have a problem with the 10-year. The one I'd like to
know a little more about is the Downtown parking wayfinding. I know that
this is a constant discussion about whether or not it will be taken from the
parking fund. That was a big discussion I imagine.

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible) discussion.

Council Member Kniss: Looking at these, the one that I'm the most
concerned with is the one on Page 9 or Packet Page 131, which is the
$500,000 that—Hillary, you said, if Karen's correct, you're going to kind of
split it up three ways. That's going to work?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's not what they're saying.

Council Member Kniss: Pardon?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's not what they say (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: I wrote down evenly split.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what Karen said, but that's not (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: In that case then, what is the answer?

Mr. Keene: I'm sorry. You were looking at the City Attorney, I thought.
She's looking over the shoulder. Let's see who's out there.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director:                No, I'm
over here.

Council Member Kniss: I thought there was nodding when Karen mentioned
that.

Mr. Keene: I think the Vice Mayor is correct. This was the suggestion of
Council Member Holman. I think actually the way this started out was a
request for a full-time position. Really? There was never an idea ...

Council Member Holman: It was $200,000 in funding. I didn't determine or
recommend whether it was an FTE or a contingency funding.

Mr. Keene: I'm sorry. I did get the impression when we—whether it was
FTE, there was this idea of having somebody on the Staff or access to the
Staff who would be an architect or an urban designer. You could pretty
much assume that that's in the couple hundred thousand dollar range, your
point of $200,000. The other components, I don't think we really settled on.
                                                                             Page 35 of 100
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
