                          TRANSCRIPT
point that out and make the necessary correction. With that, I will turn it
over to Joanna.

Joanna Jansen, PlaceWorks: Thank you, Hillary. I want to just briefly
explain a little bit about what an EIR is and what we've analyzed in this EIR
that's before you tonight mostly for the benefit of any members of the public
or the community who haven't had the opportunity to spend a lot of time
with the document yet. I know that you're all very familiar with CEQA and
the CEQA process, but I want to make sure that everybody here is sharing
the same context. An EIR is required by the California Environmental
Quality Act. We often call it CEQA. It looks at projects or policy documents
to help inform the public discussion and decision-making around those
projects and policy documents. This EIR for the Comp Plan, because it does
look at a policy rather than a specific project, is what we call a program-level
EIR, which means it's at a little bit more of a 50,000-foot level in terms of
the level of detail that it offers. The EIR is not a policy document, and it
doesn't set City policy; although, this EIR does propose mitigation measures
that could be incorporated into the Comp Plan as policies. Really, the EIR's
primary purpose is to disclose impacts and identify mitigation measures to
avoid those potential impacts. In addition to the mitigation measures in the
EIR, the policies and the programs in the Comp Plan itself can help to avoid
or mitigate impacts. You'll notice throughout the analysis that we refer in
many places to the policies and programs in the Comp Plan and their
potential to help avoid or mitigate environmental impacts.            Those are
important components of the Comp Plan to keep in mind. Another point I
want to make sure is clear is that the EIR evaluates the changes that the
proposed Comp Plan would result in from existing physical conditions. CEQA
requires us to look at existing conditions on the ground, so this is not an
analysis or a comparison of the changes between what would happen under
the proposed Comp Plan versus what would happen under the existing Comp
Plan. That's easy to get mixed, and it's an important question to ask
ourselves, but it's not the specific question that the EIR is trying to answer.
Another question that the EIR doesn't really address is fiscal impacts. The
EIR is really focused on the physical environment. Because it doesn't
address fiscal impacts, the City has commissioned a separate Fiscal Study
which EPS has completed. Ben is here tonight to answer any questions that
you may have on that. What are the physical environmental topics that the
EIR looks at? They're up on the screen. There's about 17 different topics.
Each one of these has a specific set of what are called thresholds or
standards of significance that the statute and that the City have asked us to
look at. In Palo Alto, you have your own individual set of thresholds of
significance, a set of questions about each one of these topics, asking how
or under what conditions the project, in this case the Comp Plan, might
create an impact. That sets out the framework of the EIR and gives us our
                                                                            Page 54 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
