                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Twenty-nine. Are the fees that are in the County
Ordinance, which I don't think we saw much of before—this Ordinance looks
pretty new. Are those cost neutral fees?

Ms. Cox: Yes, all the fees are based on cost recovery of the administration
and enforcement of the Tobacco Retail Program.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have just a handful of questions. This may
sound odd coming from somebody who is so supportive of Healthy Cities. I
just wonder if we're maybe going down a path of unintended consequences.
What makes me wonder that is you just said that the fees are cost recovery.
When I was reading through the brief Staff Report, it says that there's
permitting of retailers, collect permit application, annual permit fees,
currently $340 and $425 respectively. Does that mean in the first year
you're paying an application fee of $340 and a permitting fee of $425, so the
first year you're paying $765?

Ms. Cox:     I'll want to double check that with Environmental Health
Department. It's been a number of years since we set this up originally. I
just want to make sure—I believe what we did originally was charge that
application fee to set up the system, get the businesses into the
administrative system. I don't recall if they then had to also pay the annual
fee at that same time or if that came a year following, the renewal fee. I
would want to clarify that with our Environmental Health. I do believe that
that would be the case.

Council Member Holman: We didn't have the Minutes from Policy and
Services. Was there outreach to these 29 retailers?

Mr. Bobel: We did not do outreach to them, no.

Council Member Holman: I think that's a big missing piece here, it seems
like. What would be the difference between … let me ask two questions.
The State has already put in place the law that raises the age from 18 to 21.
How does the City regulate that or do we get complaints?

Mr. Bobel: That's a very new piece of legislation.

Council Member Holman: Let's just go back to 18, because the 21 is new.
Let's just go back to 18. Were there complaints of violations?


                                                                       Page 52 of 81
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 12/5/16
