                         TRANSCRIPT
specifically—I'm not a lawyer. I'm speaking like Donald Trump here. They
speak specifically to the State minimum wage.        We're not proposing
something below the State minimum wage. That's my time. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Michael Ekwall to be followed by Russ Cohen.

Michael Ekwall: Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I think I'm
probably actually going to go off piece here and leave my prepared remarks
aside. I've already heard several different issues that I don't believe are
factually correct. First of all, the gentlemen from the Peace and Justice
Association seems to be quite upset that the City met with us. However, we
reached out to both Peace and Justice, organized labor groups, and they
refused to engage us in this discussion, which for us is a very difficult
challenge. My thought is we're all trying to support the same people. These
are our lowest wage earners that are actually kind of missing the boat
because of this policy. Three quick things. First of all, tip pooling is not
regulated by the State of California.        It's regulated by the Federal
government. That decision was just upheld in the Ninth Circuit Court just a
few months ago. We have no ability to do tip sharing with our kitchen
employees, back-of-house staff. Second thing, as Peter brought up, is Labor
Code 351 is a State Labor Code. It doesn't apply to—we don't believe it
applies to ordinances in City level. Council Member Schmid brings up a
great point. Why are certain groups allowed to have exemptions and create
these total compensation models, yet businesses that aren't organized under
certain unions are not allowed to do the same. It's kind of a contradictory
and I'd say hypocritical way of looking at it. It's not fair. We're asking for
your help because, as Peter said, none of us are opposed to raising the
minimum wage for our back-of-house staff to $15. As a matter of fact, most
of our people already make over and above that. What happens here is
when the minimum wage goes up, it goes to our tipped employees. It just
keeps on going in there and taking the money away from the non-tipped
employees. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker, Russ Cohen, to be followed by
Jon Kiya.

Russ Cohen:      Russ Cohen, Executive Director of Palo Alto Downtown
Business and Professional Association. The Council needs to make an
informed decision here. As you have heard and as you will probably hear
some more tonight, accelerating the pace of the minimum wage is a
complex operation. Whereas, the people that you want to help may not
actually be helped by this action. I suggest that the Berkeley and San Jose
studies may not align with the findings of a Palo Alto-only study or even, as


                                                                       Page 76 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
