                          TRANSCRIPT
Drew Fisher: Hello, thank you. I am a resident not of the Faircourt 3 or 4
tracts but of the nearby housing on Arbutus Avenue. I just wanted to
express my gentle opposition to the SSO proposal. I live in a two-story
house. I live with a community of other young tech professionals. We've
been in this house for almost 6 years. I appreciate that the neighborhood
has two-story houses and that we are able to have this community, able to
live in this wonderful town. I don't have any particular sway over what is
being proposed; I just wanted to express my support as a concerned citizen.
This is the first City Council meeting that I've been to as well. Just wanted
to state my feelings. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Richard Willits.

Richard Wllits: Good evening, Councilors. I want to remind you that the
general nature of the SSO is to bring enforcement of a single-story
restriction which already exists in the CC&Rs to the City Planning
Department, where it can be done in a much more efficacious fashion than if
it is left to the neighborhood to enforce. One point that may have been
missed in the previous discussion about that is that there is an architectural
control commission that is mandated in the CC&Rs. It only takes 50 percent
for this neighborhood, if they lose this SSO fight, in order to invoke that and
then bring the fight into the neighborhood. That to me doesn't seem like a
good way of doing land planning. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 9:04 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council for a discussion and
Motions. Who would like to go first? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       One of the options Staff recommended was
possibly a deferral. I wondered if you could explain the thinking behind that.

Ms. French: As mentioned, we are working towards getting a consultant to
prepare Eichler guidelines. To the extent that the Council was interested in
letting that play out, that would be potentially a year-long process. There's
risk to that, but that would be one reason you might defer action.

Council Member DuBois: We would just postpone this to some future date.
I guess at that time we would probably need to resurvey, if it's two years
after they started.

Ms. French: It's a legislative process. There's not a Permit Streamline Act
in operation here for this application.



                                                                        Page 58 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
