                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm just not sure at this point in time whether our approval
tonight would be permitting this to get in under the gun.

AMENDMENT 2: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council Member XX to
add to the Motion, “add the requirement that this development be subject to
whatever new dewatering requirements the Council adopts before the next
dewatering season.”

Council Member DuBois:         Would you change this to say whatever
requirements are in effect before the next dewatering season?

Mayor Burt: Mm hmm.

Council Member DuBois: Maybe that would clarify.

Mayor Burt: That's fine. Does the maker and seconder accept it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me look at Tom's. I think I'm fine with Tom's
language on that. I haven't heard yet from the City Attorney. Are we fine
with the language in the bold, because you were going to take a look and
see if that's the language you wanted with Pat's concept or whether or not
you wanted different language.

Ms. Stump: I think that works under the current policy. I think Public
Works would, where three were going simultaneously under the same
construction.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      Pat, I'm fine with that.       (inaudible) whatever
requirements are in effect for the next one. I'm fine with that too.

Council Member DuBois: Actually, I want to thank you.         This was my
biggest concern. I think this helps quite a bit.

AMENDMENT 2 RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “add the requirement that this development be subject to whatever
dewatering requirements are in effect before the next dewatering season.”
(New Part C)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I like where this Motion is heading.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.



                                                                       Page 37 of 56
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                               Transcript: 11/14/16
