                          TRANSCRIPT
can get an electric bike for about $1,500. A scooter is less than 1,000. We
actually factored in the fact that we're wimps here in California; we don't like
to bike on rainy days. We said if you took the bike on sunny days, and we
granted you every heavy shopping day and every rainy day that we've had
in the last year, you'd take Uber, 40 days of Uber. You still come out at
about half the cost of owning a car. Owning a car is about $7,000 per year.
This solution is about $3,000 per year and, of course, you wind up getting
health benefits. A lot people talk about last-mile problems. I'm going to
talk about those now, because that's really what hits you in the intermediate
range. I need to go further than I can walk or bike, and suddenly I'm reliant
on the car if I have no other option. First is—this is not my analysis but
Spur has written a whole report on this for the Bay Area. We created this
last-mile problem through 40 years of zoning of moving jobs near the bay
and most residential areas near the train tracks, near the old downtown
areas.    This is something we created, something we can also change
obviously not over night, but over a longer period. In particular I want to
highlight the fact that it doesn't have to be this way. Other regions have
made other choices. Most of our industrial commercial uses now are no
longer the 1950s style of toxic semiconductor materials manufacturing.
We're talking about people sitting at computers at work, just like they sit in
front of computers at home now. There's an opportunity not for every kind
of use obviously, but for many to blend and interface those more and blend
the boundaries between a residential area and an office park and then a true
industrial area. You don't want to put industrial right next to residential, but
there's a lot of interface potential here. Also, from a longer-term point of
view, as our tech companies grow, we don't want to force them to leave our
cities because that's what generates the car trips. Here's a land use choice.
This is what I meant when I mentioned earlier when I said we're playing a
game of mutually assured destruction. Each town wants to draw the Google,
the Facebook, the Intuit but doesn't want them in their downtown, wants to
push them out. Then people live in the various towns, and they start
commuting by car. The reason is very simple. This is data that shows what
is consumer choice like depending on whether your work or your home is
near transit options. It won't surprise you that if neither your home nor
your workplace is close to transit—half a mile here is the threshold used in
this research—very few people actually take transit because most people
aren't willing to walk more than half a mile. On the other hand, if both your
home and your workplace is near transit, you get the kind of pattern that we
see in downtown New York where almost everybody takes transit. We have
that here in San Francisco in the downtown areas. You get 45 percent
transit mode share. Fascinating, though, is the middle range. If you have a
choice between placing your work near transit or your home near transit, it's
actually the work that matters more. That's counterintuitive. We've been
mostly placing our homes near transit, not our work near transit. If you
                                                                         Page 22 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
