                         TRANSCRIPT
of associated marketing and coordination. That schedule laid out a 19-
month process from starting in August 2014 to actually incorporate the TMA
and move forward. Early in the process the first step—I think there was a
significant amount of time spent on this—was to do some background
research and look at other communities that have successfully created
TMAs. Contra Costa Centre as well as Emeryville are pretty good examples
of highly functioning TMAs. The steering committee looked quite closely at
those two programs. We also conducted a baseline data collection effort
where we surveyed all the Downtown employees to determine where they
were coming from, were there differences in different types of employees,
and how they commuted to work and how did Downtown Palo Alto compare
to the greater region and the county. Here you can see the results of that
survey. We just heard from Stanford Research Park. The current Single
Occupancy Vehicle (SOV) trip rates for the Research Park are 70-80 percent.
San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties are somewhere around 75 percent.
Downtown actually has a fairly low SOV trip rate when compared to other
areas within the Bay. We're somewhere around where Google is, and
Google has some pretty significant trip reduction efforts underway. We're
starting from a fairly good place. Surprisingly, where our employees come
from looks a little bit different from the Research Park.          We have a
significantly larger proportion of folks who actually live in Palo Alto. That's
22 percent. Here you can see we have about 22 percent of Downtown
employees who actually live within the City of Palo Alto. Our East Bay
proportion is only 7 percent. I believe the Research Park was somewhere
around 20 percent. A large majority of the employees Downtown actually
come from the Peninsula and the South Bay which presents a great
opportunity because those are areas served by Caltrain generally. Full-time
workers Downtown, 53 percent drive alone. Part-time workers actually drive
at a higher rate. I think you can infer from that that they may work more
irregular schedules, and you may not be able to depend on transit as much
as a full-time worker. They may also not receive some of the benefits as far
as transit passes and other benefits that are available to full-time
employees. Office workers in the tech sector are much less likely to drive
than retail workers and restaurant workers.           Again, that may have
something to do with the irregular schedules and the different shifts that
those folks tend to work. An example of some hands-on help. A lot of these
businesses Downtown don't really have effective marketing to their
employees. One of the main goals of the TMA is to help promote some of
these trip reduction strategies, transit pass availability.         The larger
employers generally have the staff and the resources to handle that. One
example is the Epiphany Hotel.          After the TMA met with the hotel
employees, 20 of them signed up for the Go Pass and 17 got personalized
trip planning. It really just took someone to reach out to them and explain
the different options that were available. High level conclusions from our
                                                                         Page 33 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
