                          TRANSCRIPT
this alternative case. You'll see deficits through 2021, a nominal surplus in
2022, and then surpluses in the out years. I'll turn it over to Lalo.

Mr. Perez: On this slide, it reflects the Three Scenarios, the base Scenario
and the Two Scenarios that were asked to present. As you can see, it
illustrates the challenges we'll face ahead in the nearer term. It's difficult to
predict when a recession could start. We see one about every eight to ten
years. It's somewhere in this Forecast that we will see one. In concluding
comments here, I think it's obvious that we need to have some fiscal
discipline and planning. It is definitely a challenging time because there's
also a lot of needs that we have, that we have not addressed in this
forecast. One of the things that we have heard loud and clear as a direction
from you as a Council is to focus on infrastructure. This plan continues to
focus on that. Obviously we don't know the cost updates to some of these
projects. We've been mentioning that to you, so that's a concern. The goal
for us would be to be able to maintain the existing services that are being
provided while exploring alternative service delivery methods. We have
shown over the last few years that we can do that on selective type of
services with little to no impact or at times improvements in services. As I
mentioned, the '17 Budget is being formulated as we speak. We're going to
present that to you on April 25th, the delivery of the document. That's our
goal. That's where we're going to present to you the City Manager's
Proposed Budget which will have recommendations to address some of the
needs that have surfaced since the last budget. Other closing comments is
that over the years, we've experienced structural deficits of various
magnitudes, but we've always been able to address them as an organization.
For example, in the period between Fiscal Year '10 and '12, we had a $20.5
million deficit of which 14.3 million in cuts were structural reductions that we
recommended to you and the Council accepted. The rest were in one-time
items. We've demonstrated as an organization, with Council leadership, that
we can adjust when our budget gaps are in the negative. We recognize that
we have the critical infrastructure needs, as I mentioned. The unfunded
liabilities of our employees for pension and retired medical, we need to put a
plan in Motion, and we're studying that discussion at the Finance Committee
level. We continue that tomorrow. Mr. Bartel will be there; unfortunately,
he could not be here tonight. He will be here tomorrow. As I mentioned,
the additional services. We will work on recommendations that will address
the deficits as we come up. We'll have a plan for '17. We expect to bring
you a balanced proposal. With that, I open it up to your questions.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.       Colleagues, the reprot also reflected the
alternative Scenarios that the Finance Committee requested. We don't have
any speaker cards from members of the public. It doesn't look like we're

                                                                         Page 84 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
