                          TRANSCRIPT
estimate of how a Palo Alto-based campaign might impact levels of support
for the countywide measure as well. The methodology of the survey is
identical to that of the first survey that we conducted.           We did 400
interviews with likely voters in Palo Alto who are considered likely to vote in
November based on their past voting behavior, on both landlines and cell
phones. We opened the poll with one sort of opening question just to get
the pulse of the community, that we didn't ask in the prior survey, which
was a standard right direction/wrong track question. You'll see that the
numbers show a relatively happy electorate here in Palo Alto. It certainly
was reflected in some of the questions in the prior polling as well. More than
three in five local voters believe that the City is headed in the right
direction; only about one in four say that it's on the wrong track. With that
preamble, we went directly to an exploration of the potential ballot measure
concepts. As before, we started by giving people a little bit of language
about the VTA measure. We'll get into that a little bit later. Because that
measure is a County measure and would appear first on the ballot, we
wanted to make sure that all voters who were responding to a Palo Alto-
specific measure were doing so with an awareness of the VTA measure's
scope. Here's the language we then presented for a Palo Alto-specific
measure. We described some of the key transportation purposes to which
the money might be put, noted that it would be a $50-$100 per employee
business tax with exemptions for businesses with up to 10 employees,
generating up to $5 million annually. Working with your City Attorney, we
designed the language to meet the legal standards for a general tax. As
you'll see, the results were quite positive. Sixty-five percent indicated they
would vote yes; 28 percent indicated that they would vote no. This level of
support is roughly the same as we saw for some of the more conceptual
testing we did in the initial poll. It is short of the two-thirds supermajority
that will be required for approval of a specific tax, but well in excess of the
simple majority that would be required for approval of a general tax. We
then gave people a follow-up question which provided a little bit more detail
about how such a measure could potentially be structured. In particular, the
way that the funding mechanism might be designed, noting that businesses
with more than 50 employees would pay $100 per employee and those that
had between 11 and 50 employees would pay $50 a piece. That essentially
led the support that we saw based on the first ballot question to hold stable.
We had 67 percent telling us they would vote yes, 29 percent telling us that
they would vote no. As we shifted to talk a little bit more about the ways
that money could be used, we offered voters one fundamental choice and
asked them which they would prefer: to focus on funding alternatives
designed to reduce the number of cars on the street or to focus on
improving traffic flow by expanding road and parking structures in the City
to accommodate more cars. There was no clear majority preference in this
question; although, a sizable plurality, 48 percent, indicated that they
                                                                         Page 46 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
