                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I will give you a specific example. It's on Page 5 of 6 at
7.3.1. It said things like historic accessory buildings such as garages and
carriage houses are important components of early properties and should be
preserved whenever possible. It's fairly strong, "whenever possible." That
provides for the case when it's not possible or when there is some reason
why it would not be possible. When I look at this, it ends with "should be
preserved." It takes out the "whenever possible." That strikes me as much
more prescriptive and to do away with the case of when you have an issue
of it not being possible. I wanted Staff's view of that. It seems to me that
you took input from two Council Members and made this far more
prescriptive.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Let's turn it into a question.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's my question.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask it at a broader level. I think this is important. We
got extensive changes at our places. Staff said that they had input from
Council Members Holman and DuBois. Did Staff take their recommendations
as guidance or in some other vein, as more direction?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that clarifying question, Mayor Burt. I think
our intention here was to clarify and make sure that the Guidelines were
communicating what we intended them to communicate. We can respond to
each individual one, and we can even walk through this chart if the Council's
interested in assessing whether we've gone too far in one direction or the
other. Our intention was to clarify and make sure that they expressed the
intent of the authors.

Mayor Burt: As I was trying to screen through these, I saw quite a few that
were valuable clarifications and then a few that it was less clear to me
whether, one, wanting to make sure Staff's and the consultant's
recommendations were aligned with what we're seeing here. The example
of Vice Mayor Scharff and this particular one is one that--why don't you go
ahead and provide your feedback on how it fits within the overall policy
intention.

Mr. Weintraub: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Regarding 7.3.1 and that particular
phrase that you mentioned, "whenever possible," those exact types of
phrases were pinpointed and pointed out to us as being potentially too
flexible. In other words, we have a sentence that's saying one thing, but
then the last two words sort of reverse or provide an out. That was the
critique that we received from the two Council Members who we looked to
                                                                       Page 60 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
