                         TRANSCRIPT
could just tell you that we are looking forward to trying to help and work
with the City of Palo Alto in a partnership, and we feel that not only do we
have the experience to do it from the standpoint of building a shelter, taking
care of animals, seeing that they get adopted, but also the financial
wherewithal to hang in there and do the job. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Cash.

Mr. Alaee: That concludes the Staff's presentation.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can now go to the Council for any technical
questions before hearing from members of the public. Does anyone have
any questions they wish to ask? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: We didn't get any of the operational or the budget
and the proposal. I guess it wasn't included in the packet. What would the
relationship be between the Redwood City facility of Pets in Need and the
Palo Alto facility and how would those be operated financially?

Mr. Alaee: They would be operated as two separate facilities and two
separate operations.

Council Member DuBois:       Separate financial controls and budgets and
fundraising?

Mr. Shikada: To my knowledge—Cash and Al perhaps can weigh in—it's
essentially a fee for service model. The proposal did not require the
establishment of a separate organizational structure. Given that, we would
expect Pets in Need would operate this as a second facility.

Council Member DuBois: Do you care to respond for Pets in Need? If you
could maybe explain how you see running the two facilities.

Mr. Mollica: We see, as was indicated, two separate facilities but operating
under the same structure that we currently operate Pets in Need.
Essentially Pets in Need Redwood City, Pets in Need Palo Alto. The same
systems, protocols, procedures that we have, ranging from intake of animals
all the way to how we do our marketing, would be done essentially the
same.

Council Member DuBois: If there was a fundraising effort for a new building,
as an example, would people be able to donate money for the Palo Alto
facility?

Mr. Mollica: Yes. The donations would come in, and they would be
earmarked for a Palo Alto facility as a designated gift.
                                                                       Page 40 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
