                          TRANSCRIPT
think you've seen—I sent you a picture of what my street looks like. It's
fully parked up Monday through Friday. As for Phase 2, again it's a trial
period. Thank you, Council Member Kniss. You highlighted that at the
December meeting. This is a transitory program. In fact at our RPP
stakeholder meeting, Staff mentioned a Phrase 3. You know what? There is
no more stakeholder meetings even though there's going to be Phrase 3.
We went through nine months, and any of you that have studied meeting
psychology, you go through a storming, you go through a norming and a
transforming period. We stormed for nine months. Realistically, if you're
going to have feedback from the citizens in quarterly meetings, it's going to
be a goat rodeo. Part of the thing is that you need to understand the issues
that we learned in the stakeholder meeting. I think it's a big mistake, and I
agree with Mr. Cintz that to eliminate the stakeholder group is a real
mistake. Also I'd like to clarify in our stakeholder meeting, it was the
majority feeling of those attendees that we wanted differential pricing. Less
expensive permits on the outer portions and more expensive on the inside.
I correct Staff for making that comment as a Phase 2.1. That was what we
recommended, and I'm sorry to see we don't see that now. I think that's a
mistake. Also, the hang tag permit for nonresidents, and it's transferrable,
those that are purchased by employees, I think that's a potential for gaming
the system, and I think that ought to be looked at too. Again, the
stakeholder meeting group has been one of the best things you've had;
don't let it go. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.        Ted Baer to be followed by Neilson
Buchanan.

Ted Baer: Thank you. Forty-three and a half years we've lived at 851
Lytton. Our neighborhood went overnight—with the RPP Program we went
from a neighborhood to a parking lot. It's been difficult for us as citizens of
Palo Alto. It's also difficult for those employees. The folks that are parking
in front of our house are walking a good ways every day, sometimes in the
rain, to get to work.        These people are not the presidents and vice
presidents where they work. My point here, and I will leave the podium, is
we need a new parking structure built Downtown that will be good for
everybody in Palo Alto and everybody who visits Palo Alto and everyone who
works in Palo Alto. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Neilson Buchanan to be followed by
Barbara Shurfro.

Neilson Buchanan: There is no way to contrast this in three minutes or even
ten minutes. I didn't have the heart to ask five neighbors to come to this
meeting. Here's my recommendation. I think you ought to declare Defcon

                                                                        Page 92 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
