                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I want to defer to the Chair of the meeting.

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to hear from Mr. Beamer. If what we're
discussing here, if you think it would be amenable to the Crescent Park
neighborhood. Our goal is to provide relief for the neighborhood from
parking intrusion. We're trying to do it in a responsible way that's fair to the
whole area around Downtown including Downtown North, University South,
Professorville and Crescent Park.

Mr. Beamer: You definitely should give the blue area as well as further out
areas which—once the blue areas opt in, then the people who don't want to
pay permits will park further out. Let's leave that aside for the moment.
You definitely want to give the blue area—protect the blue areas from
unlimited nonresident parking which is the way it is now. In other words, all
the people who didn't want to buy permits are moving into the blue areas.
My pitch is to permanently make that resident only. I detect some people—
I'm not sure how many people agree with that. At the very least, you
should give them some protection. In other words, they should either be in
the current permit regime or a College Park. I prefer the College Park. I
think a lot of other Crescent Park people do to. At the very least, you've got
to have the Downtown RPP there. Now, how many nonresidents you
designate there, I hope you minimize it.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you. I'd also point out that this is still
considered—this is still a pilot program. I want to make sure I've got all of
my colleagues on board with the message here. We are still talking about a
pilot program. Even in this Phase 2, this is still something that we could
change later. If we try this in this regime, expanding it onto those yellow
streets with the option for all those other streets to opt in as well ...

Council Member Schmid: I think we have reached the time when we should
make a decision. It seems to me there are two choices here, to go with the
proposal on the table which is to come back within four, five weeks with an
update on three specific items and decisions for the Council to make or
whether just to continue where we are and come back and start again.

Council Member Gitelman: I think in either case, we're going to try and find
a date for a Special Meeting within a couple of weeks.

Council Member Schmid: So there's no difference in the timing.




                                                                        Page 120 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
