                         TRANSCRIPT
there, between your willingness to have additional Marguerite service there
and looking at how many would shift from University Avenue to Cal. Ave.,
and then what potential Go Pass expansion you would do if there was
greater service. When do you think that you will be able to come back with
your results of your survey and what might be your quantitative goals, which
I'm guessing may be a baseline goal and a stretch goal? What do you think
is the timeframe in which we might be able to hear that?

Ms. Jarvis: I guess I would be comfortable saying end of summer. We want
to be able to focus on a lot of the programs that we're launching starting this
spring, have the survey, evaluate those programs and modify them, and
then be able to come back with good data for you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Are you looking at the different patterns from the
lower Research Park and opportunities in the lower Research Park versus the
upper and proximity to both Caltrain and otherwise?

Ms. Jarvis: Yes. Because the Research Park is so large, there's a different
transit ecosystem down on El Camino Real than there is up on Deer Creek
Road certainly, different types of employers and employees. That's all part
of the challenge but also opportunity for each of those companies.

Mayor Burt: As you see success over time and if we see that our historic
parking ratios become obsolete and you have a lot of surplus parking, that
would be a great thing to achieve. I can certainly see where if it was
established that there was surplus parking, the City might be open to how
we can convert those spaces to recreational spaces for employees and things
like that. That may be a ways off, but hopefully not so far off. Finally, it
was touched upon the issue of contract service employees. Certainly your
clients are most of all motivated to provide more convenient transportation
for their high-value tech worker employees. That's kind of self-evident. Our
trips in our City are the same whether they are a tech worker or a low-wage,
contract, service employee. We have an interest that is equal in both. I'd
like to, when you come back, hear more about your programs for those
service employees that are probably—I'd really like to see a heat map on
them because, I think, this is really the direct employees. Is that right? The
tech workers.

Ms. Jarvis: Correct.

Mayor Burt: What we've seen in the past and Stanford's seen at the hospital
and on campus is we have high concentrations in East Palo Alto and east
Menlo Park and Redwood City and Mountain View. How are we going to be
able to have programs that address them?         As you mentioned, our
Downtown TMA has seen that that is our highest drive-alone base. At a
                                                                         Page 31 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
