                         TRANSCRIPT
carbon-free electricity. It also has an impact on available water. In June of
2016, we have to approve, Council has to approve our Urban Water
Management Plan. Why isn't S/CAP helping us deal with that issue when we
have to vote on our Urban Water Management Plan? In June of 2018, we're
going to have to deal with San Francisco under our interim water supply
limitation. What is San Francisco going to say to us? Are we ready? Is
S/CAP going to help us deal with that fundamental issue of our future?
That's why I would encourage S/CAP to tie into our Comp. Plan and deal
with these critical issues of land use and water supply, two things that we
have control over and will have a major impact on our future and our
reaching our goals that we all agree are strategically important.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. Let me go back to the issues of the
goals and framework for a second. I think you sort of said this is central,
and I agree. In terms of the S/CAP draft as a framework, a platform to
move forward, I think the big thing that this document gets absolutely right
is to try to break down the problem in a systematic and quantitative way,
identify where savings can be achieved and design programs to go after
those, and try to congeal all that into specifics with specific, quantitative,
data-driven, predictable outcomes. If that's what we mean by framework,
then I think this fits the bill and we should adopt it. Also within this plan,
within this draft, there are a lot of programs. I think some of these ideas
make a lot of sense and could go to the level of definition tomorrow. For
example, I don't think anything stops us from designing a program right now
to incentivize people to swap out their gas water heater with an electric one,
for example. There's some other places that need more work. It's not clear
to me how all the numbers add up. Maybe the geek worksheet solves that
problem. Some of the reduction here relies on some assumptions that let
me use the word speculative on. I think Greg mentioned one. There's one
policy that says if we grow our population twice as fast as Association of Bay
Area Government (ABAG) says we have to, we're actually going to reduce
emissions. I think that one sort of needs to get fleshed out a little more, at
least for some of us. The other thing is, I think also Greg pointed it out,
there's some major policy implications buried in here. For example, it
stipulates Comp. Plan Scenario Four. If we accept this document as a
framework, are we implicitly accepting Scenario Four? I hope not. We
shouldn't put the City in a position where somebody comes back and says,
"You have to do double ABAG growth because the S/CAP says so." As long
as that stuff is not part of the framework, then I think this makes a lot of
sense as a framework. Let me talk about the goal for a second. Full
disclosure, I've been a manager for a long, long time. I'm sure it puts
blinders on my thinking, so don't throw too many tomatoes here. The 80/30
                                                                        Page 48 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
