                          TRANSCRIPT
have that situation tonight, but just to share that with you, if you would.
Debbie Mytels.

Debbie Mytels: Thank you. I'm a Palo Alto resident, 2824 Louis Road. I'm
speaking tonight with two hats on, one on behalf of Peninsula Interfaith
Climate Action (PICA) and the other on behalf of Acterra. PICA, as you may
know, is Peninsula Interfaith Climate Action. We came to you as a group of
about a dozen local faith-based congregations working together in a variety
of ways to protect our planet, to ask you last year if you would support a
resolution to divest CalPERS assets from fossil fuel industry, and you did.
We really appreciate that groundbreaking effort that Palo Alto did. As Pope
Francis so clearly stated last fall, climate change really is a moral issue.
How we treat our Earth and all its inhabitants, both human and otherwise, is
really a profoundly spiritual question. Climate change relates to those kind
of eternal issues such as what is our long-term connection to our children,
our grandchildren, all of our progeny. It relates to issues of social justice,
such as how we respond to those who have fewer resources both within our
own communities, and our country and around the world. What's going to
happen to all those people in mega cities along coastlines when sea level
rises? These are very profoundly important questions. Those of us in
affluent and educated communities like Palo Alto really do have a moral
responsibility to lead the way, to show what can be done and that we can
protect the ability of other species and other people to survive on a habitable
planet. On behalf of the faith communities, we actually appreciate and
support the 80 percent by '30 goal and support the goals and are ready and
prepared to educate our congregations as we move forward. Acterra too is
interested in working on behalf of S/CAP. One of the issues that we have
found is that a lot of people have been concerned about the requirement or
the suggestion that we do fuel switching, moving from the use of natural gas
to electricity. We've put together a program coming up next Wednesday to
begin this community education effort. In collaboration with Menlo Spark,
we're doing a program next Wednesday evening which will feature two
residents who have changed to heat pump technology for heating their
water and space, and also we'll have an energy engineer and a contractor to
answer people's questions. I'll give a copy of the flyer to the City Clerk.
Hopefully she can distribute it to the Council. We have other flyers available
for people in the audience on the back table. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bruce Hodge, to be followed
by Catherine Martineau. Welcome.

Bruce Hodge: Good evening. Bruce Hodge from Carbon Free Palo Alto. Our
collective actions in the next 10 years are absolutely key and will dictate the
future of our climate and the levels of our oceans over the next 10,000 years
                                                                         Page 35 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
