                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: It's acceptable.

Council Member Holman: It's okay.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add at the end of the Motion, “return to Council
within 1 year of reaching the cap from the expiring NEM program with a
report describing other NEM programs in California with a comparison to the
Palo Alto program including the effectiveness of our program in spurring
local residential solar options.”

Mayor Burt: I have spoken enough to that. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. I think that's a good addition. One of
the things that we talked about the other day on a different issue was the
responsibility the City has of not locking ourselves into a lawsuit. Our City
Attorney's Office, who I have 100 percent faith in, has clearly stated to
Council and to the public that Prop 26 applies to our NEM successor rate. I
know that CALSEIA and the industry have a different opinion. I would
encourage the CALSEIA rep to go back to your attorneys to let them know
they need to do a better job of explaining why they think Prop 26 doesn't
apply. Without getting into too much detail, the recent effort didn't achieve
their objectives. Whether it's a better understanding of municipally owned
utilities and how Prop 26 applies. We can't pass policy that would likely
open ourselves up to a lawsuit. We shouldn't pass policy that would likely
open ourselves up to a lawsuit and kind of be the guinea pig. If other
communities want to do that, if other municipalities want to do that, that's
great. We can find out about it in a year. We have a responsibility not to do
that. One thing I did want to suggest—since I see that some colleagues on
my left have already indicated their vote, I'm going to offer an amendment
since I know they're going to vote in support of it. Offering an amendment
to change the way that we currently calculate the NEM cap to something
that I talked about earlier, the customer class no-coincident peak demands,
and using that as the equation, which would increase the cap, I think,
maybe half a megawatt and extend this current program a little bit longer.
I'll offer that up as an amendment. What this would essentially do is
increase the cap from 9 1/2 megawatts to maybe 10 megawatts or
something like that and allow more customers, more residents to take
advantage of the current NEM program before we switch to the successor
program that isn't quite as advantageous for customers. The amendment
would be that Palo Alto change the method for determining the NEM cap to
the five percent of the sum of the customer class non-coincident peak
demands.


                                                                      Page 39 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
