                         TRANSCRIPT
us at that time to go back out with a Request for Proposals for a new design
that would bring the cost of the bridge down and have still some of the
amenities from the bridge that was in the design competition. With that, I'll
turn the presentation over to Brad Eggleston, our Assistant Public Works
Director. Before I do that, I'd like to mention two things. One, in the
audience with us tonight is John Igoe from Google and also Roy Schnabel
from Biggs and Cardosa, the principle designer. Thank you. Brad.

Brad Eggleston, Public Works Assistant Director: Good evening, Mayor Burt
and Council. We'll try to move quickly through this presentation given the
hour. Here's an overview of the topics we'll cover. Our recommendation
this evening is approving the design contract with Biggs Cardosa. We'll talk
a little more about what we mean by Phase 1 services. The amount of the
current recommended contract is $1.47 million. Mike just went over a little
bit of the background. On this slide we have your direction to us from
December of last year when we last met to talk about this. I wanted to
provide quickly, though, just a little more context to remind you that we
went into the design competition with a project total budget of $10 million.
We asked for designs that would meet an $8 million construction budget.
When we worked with Moffatt and Nichol, once we started negotiating, they
ended up giving us a roughly $12 1/2 million construction cost, which
equated to a total project cost of about $17 million. We didn't get into a lot
of detail about this before, but what was even more concerning to us about
that was that we talked to a couple of different bridge contractors. One of
which told us they thought it could easily be double that amount in the end.
Just a little more context about why we're here where we are. The
background there. You'll see that the Request for Proposal, and notice the
amount of $13 million. You probably recall that at the last meeting you did
increase the project budget to $13 million. We've also been working with
Google and looking to see other opportunities. On to our Request for
Proposals. We put that out kind of immediately following the meeting in
December. We received three proposals. We reviewed those, interviewed
all three firms. In the end, we selected Biggs Cardosa Associates. They
have a lot of experience with projects like this around the Bay Area and
other locations. Very important to us, they were very strong in terms of
their experience with the Caltrans process, having staff onboard that actually
have personal relationships with Caltrans staff that we need to work with.
That was very important to us. Here is an instance where we're changing
the order of our slides. This is a draft rendering of what the proposed
baseline bridge could look like. We got this from Biggs Cardosa. It's an
outgrowth of our discussions from their proposal and negotiating the
contract. This is a prefabricated steel bolstering-type truss that would clear
a span over Highway 101. It can be set in place using a crane on footings
that have been constructed; that makes it relatively quick to construct. One
                                                                       Page 84 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
