                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Wolbach to adopt a Resolution affirming Palo Alto’s commitment to a
diverse, supportive, inclusive and protective community including the
addition to Section 1, Paragraph Four, “living, working, and visiting” after
“privileges of everyone.”

Council Member Holman: Also would suggest one amendment to it, just a
little one that, I think, is an important one, that Bob Wenzlau had
recommended to us. In the fourth paragraph on the second page, it says
"the City of Palo Alto recognizes, values and will proactively work to ensure
the rights and privileges of everyone." This is the change: "living, working
and visiting Palo Alto." It's to add those words. Will the seconder, whoever
it was, accept that?

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure that it's necessary, but I'll accept it.

Council Member Holman: It's clarification.

Council Member Wolbach: It doesn't hurt.

Council Member Holman: It strengthens it. Thank you. That's all I have to
say.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine with me.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Let's actually just check this. It would be "living
and working in or visiting."

Mayor Burt: We'll get it. Do you want to …

Council Member Wolbach: Speaking to the resolution, first let me say thank
you to everybody who stayed late and came to speak in support of the
resolution. Thank you also to Mayor Burt and also Council Members Holman
and Kniss who helped push this forward, who helped draft it, offering
amendments. I don't know how much more I can say beyond what's been
said by members of the public. I do want to address a couple of things that
were raised though. First on some of the specific suggestions that were
offered. I also agree that and my hope is that this resolution will be a first
step and not a final step in reinforcing and taking further action over the
course of the next month and the next year and following years to continue
Palo Alto's long tradition of being an inclusive community. That's why this
resolution says that we are reaffirming. Palo Alto has had these values for a
                                                                       Page 103 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
