                         TRANSCRIPT
process. In the storm water case, there's first a notification, then the
potential for a protest hearing if greater than 50 percent of the people
respond and request—essentially propose to deny the amount. The protest
hearing itself would be October 24th. The second step is the ballot step
unless we are cut off at the protest hearing step, which is unlikely. It's
unlikely that we're going to get a majority of folks protesting this. We'd
have a ballot, which we'd mail on January 11th. That's the proposal. The
ballots would be due back on February 28th. Then, we'd bring back to you
the results of that election to be certified on March 20th, and the new fee
would become effective on June 1st, '17, as I said before. Those were all of
our slides. I did want to recognize the guy that put this all together, Joe.
This happened a bit faster and Joe, I'm sure, was still upstairs. These things
happen ...

Joe Teresi, Public Works Senior Engineer: (inaudible) early.

Mr. Bobel: I also wanted to recognize Hal Mickelson, who has been a two-
time member now of our storm committee. We've renamed it. The
Committee recommendation was not to call it a storm drain fee, which
implies some kind of drain on all of our resources, I guess, but rather a
storm water management fee to reflect the fact that this is really a resource.
It's not something we should just be thinking of how to get rid of, but how
do we use this as a resource. The Committee really focused on that. Many
thanks to Hal. David is also with us. David, thanks to you. We really
appreciate your—he was one of the new youngsters on the Committee,
David, this year. Thank you so much. I think those are our only two
Committee members. Just to remind you, Claire Elliott was our Vice Chair.
She presented the green infrastructure part last time. She's very excited
about that, like all the Committee members. Peter Drekmeier is our Chair.
Neither one of them could make it tonight.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Phil. We'll now have questions from Council
Members. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I was fortunate to attend a portion of the first
meeting. In addition to it being an enthusiastic group, I was impressed by
how many were there.

Mayor Burt:    I'm sorry. Are you talking about the Committee that
recommended this as opposed to a campaign committee which is not what
this is about?

Council Member Kniss: Let me withdraw those comments. Yes, I was.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman.
                                                                        Page 14 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
