                          TRANSCRIPT
get of detached single-family homes. I don't think we have that much land
where you can get those. Anyway.

Ms. Gitelman: On the condos, off the top of my head I don't have a good
example. We do have the calculations for the prototypes. It's in Attachment
H and provided again in your At-Places Packet. It shows in the last column,
for the condominium prototype that was used in the study, what we would—
the current inclusionary requirement of 15 percent, the cost to the developer
if our current in-lieu fees were paid. For that prototype, it was a total of
$3.6 million. The cost to the developer if the units were provided onsite in
foregone revenues got to $4.7 million. I should have done this as per unit.
The current in-lieu fees per unit, about $104,000 foregone revenues about …

Vice Mayor Scharff: Wait. What I’m trying to do is get an apples to apples.
If you're saying $50 a square foot, $104,000, is that 50 bucks roughly?

Ms. Gitelman: If you charge $50 a foot, it would be about the same, about
$105,000.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's about the same on the prototype unit?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We don't think we're drastically raising these fees?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's sort of where I wanted to get. I guess I could go
either way on that. Now, I'm going to make a plug on the hotel thing.
Going from $20 to $30, what concerns me is the $30 is the maximum
feasible on hotels. That means that we could be discouraging some hotels.
That's what that tells me. I look at all the other cities, and they have really
low hotel fees. Obviously, other cities are also concerned that they would
discourage hotels. I'm saying that the value of the hotels are outweighed to
the City by any small amount of money you may raise on going from $20 to
$30. In fact, I don't know what the effect of this would be on hotels. If it
even discourages one hotel that makes $2-$4 million a year in Transient
Occupancy Tax (TOT) for the City, on an annual basis that would be a really
bad fiscal decision for the City. I think we should stay at the hotel of $20.37
that we currently have. I'd say the value of the hotels is probably more than
the value of an individual retail or a restaurant, etc., in the City. We should
prioritize not damaging the ability to get hotels in the City, especially where
our budgets are and the fact that we use a lot of that TOT to fund our
infrastructure plan and we're having cost overruns all the time in terms of

                                                                         Page 70 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
