                         TRANSCRIPT
costs. That's always a challenging context. I'd put it more accurately, and
what we've captured here is all readily quantifiable. What we can ultimately
quantify as we dig deeper, we find some other things that there may be
ability to quantify. One, for instance—this goes kind of two steps removed.
Solar on rooftops reduces for buildings that have air conditioning—this would
be more on the commercial side than on the residential—they help keep the
buildings cooler. We subsidize energy efficiency programs. I'm sorry? We
don't in any way subsidize our local energy efficiency?

Ms. Ratchye: All of our efficiency programs are cost-effective. It's cheaper
for us to do efficiency than not. There is no explicit subsidy on pretty much,
I think, any of our efficiency programs.

Mayor Burt: When you say they're cheaper, we have a cash outlay. You're
saying that we have cost avoidance as a result of that?

Ms. Ratchye: Yep.

Mayor Burt: Is that cost avoidance the same as what's captured here?

Ms. Ratchye: Right. We calculate the avoided cost for efficiency based on
the shape of the saved energy. The avoided cost for this program is based
on the shape of the generated energy. There's more value in solar.

Mayor Burt: They're captured in both programs. I'll just say that there is a
value that we don't quantify in that solar on rooftops that to some degree
helps us achieve our energy efficiency goals even if that economic cost
savings is already captured here. This is an area that I recognize is even
harder to quantify, the present and more importantly future value of local
generation toward resiliency. We have two levels. One is if I put in a
storage system at my home, then I have my own independent resiliency. A
tougher question is whether the community benefits from that. There are
probably some ways that they actually do in the event of an outage.
Whether we in the future will have a broader local generation and a micro-
grid system in that this is creating the building blocks for that. The more
local generation we have, the more of a foundation we have for a potential
future micro-grid that provides some resiliency. We're seeing Long Island
has gone in this direction, and other places. Those are a couple of areas
that, I think, we have less tangible benefits, but they're ones that are out
there. I just had one clarifying question. Mr. Shikada, you mentioned our
comparative rates versus PG&E. I've been using recently a 30 or 35 percent
lower—I think you said 30-50. Is that based on different tiers? Actually
there are tiers where we are not 30 percent cheaper than PG&E; we're
actually 50 percent cheaper?

                                                                       Page 27 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
