                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Abendschein: I think it was heard but maybe not extensively discussed,
and then the proposal was adopted. That was my understanding.

Council Member DuBois: Do you guys have an opinion?

Mr. Abendschein: I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: Do you have an opinion about the idea?

Mr. Abendschein:   I'd have to spend some more time looking at it.             I'm
sorry.

Mr. Shikada: If I could add. From a Staff perspective, the issue is one of
administrative complexity. Part of the path going forward would be to look
at how difficult it would be to implement something like that over the course
of time based upon the kinds of applications we would anticipate. Certainly
if the Council were to want to proceed with the recommendation or some
variation on the theme, it would give us the basis for which to do that
additional analysis.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Sorry, Ed, I actually just missed your last answer.
I was going to ask similar questions that Council Member DuBois asked. It
sounds like Staff hasn't had a chance to analyze the proposal we got for
expanding existing systems and grandfathering them in. Were you saying
that there would be a possibility of doing that and possibly updating the
successor plan once you've done that analysis?

Mr. Shikada: In terms of the grandfathering policy, I think we have talked
some about whether—again as an example, if the Council were to direct us
to proceed with the successor program as described, then we'd use that as
the base to do the additional analysis of the transition and how we could
maximize the ability to provide some flexibility under the transition policy.
It would take additional analysis.

Council Member Berman: Would you guys be looking at both the, I guess,
the equation that was proposed by the residents of our community and also
the idea of it applying to expansions of up to 25 percent, not just expansions
of up to 10 percent, which is what's in the current proposal? Apparently 10
percent is quite small and not likely to actually be useful to residents. At
least that was the assertion that was made. I guess I'll ask you guys what
your thought was on that.



                                                                       Page 22 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
