                          TRANSCRIPT
the evolution of the elements after they leave their desk. We recognize that
they really have an interest in evaluating again the programs that have been
recommended for inclusion here. I think all of us recognize that we've been
very ambitious in terms of lots and lots of programs. There's an opportunity
to prioritize and streamline that down when we look at the document as a
whole. We're looking forward to doing that with the CAC towards the end of
their process. We have included a schedule in your packet, which we're
prepared to speak to if you have questions about next steps and the
process. That's where we are. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I don't have any speaker cards. I don't know if
members of the CAC—maybe got one or two—or the public wanted to speak.
Adina Levin, welcome.

Adina Levin: Good evening, Council Members. I may still be here because I
was too tired to go home. Forgive my lack of coherence. I wanted to make
a couple of comments on some of the progress that the CAC has made. One
of the good things in the draft Transportation Element is thoughtful and
helpful policies about the relationship between parking and sustainability
goals and quality of life goals. The policies that seek to reduce parking over
time as better transportation options are provided and shown to be effective
and to prioritize paid parking as a mechanism to reduce car usage and traffic
and improve convenience are really welcome. There's strong evidence that
providing too much parking and too deeply subsidized parking increases
driving and traffic. We urge you to continue to go in these directions. On
the subject of metrics, to achieve the sustainability goals it will be helpful
and important to use the vehicle miles traveled in addition to the level of
service. Level of service is good at telling you where there's a problem, but
unless a place is willing to continue to widen the roads and look like Santa
Clara in order to get the cars through, LOS doesn't tell you how to fix things.
Vehicle miles traveled can give you some clues as to how you can get more
people out of cars and solve the problem by use more space efficient modes.
One more thought about a metric, which is new. I would love to follow up
with Staff on a new method being used to measure the effectiveness of a
safe bicycle network. It's being used by Stanford and Facebook and Google
as a regional plan that they're working on. I would love to follow up with
Staff about whether it's possible to adapt this thing. It's starting to be used
practically. I can talk about that more at a later date after talking to Staff.
Lastly, Dumbarton is mentioned only in terms of the bus service, which is
reasonable because when this started the project seemed dead, the rail
project. There's a study going on that could conceivably bring back more
robust transit on the Dumbarton Corridor. The next public meetings of that
are going to be in September and this fall. If that looks like that is actually
making progress, that might be a good thing to include and support if it is
                                                                         Page 83 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
