                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 12 PASSED:                   6-1 Schmid no,
Holman, Wolbach not participating

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Schmid, you can speak to your no vote on
Number 12.

Council Member Schmid: I just felt that we had an audit of parking funds,
and the Parking Assessment District came up a number of times as a player
in that. Yet, there was no look at that as a part of the parking fund, and I
thought it should have been covered.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Action Items

13.   Local Funding Strategies for Transportation Demand Management and
      Other Transportation Programs.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to Item Number 13, which is a Staff
recommendation that the City Council discuss potential alternative funding
strategies for Transportation Demand Management and other local
transportation programs and refer the matter to the Policy and Services
Committee or an ad hoc committee for discussion and development of a
recommended approach.       I should note that if we are interested in
accelerating this and doing it to an ad hoc committee, that's a committee
that the Mayor would appoint.       Mr. City Manager, did you have any
comments?

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I think just a very
short Staff Report. I think the report itself is pretty straightforward and
clear. We placed this on the agenda in anticipation if there were, following
the Study Session, the need for some discussions about how to move
forward. I would just put my own commentary after hearing the Study
Session discussions that it's very clear that we have ambitions for a
successful TMA and other TDM-related measures that we would want to
pursue as part of enabling effectiveness of a TMA. Two, time is important to
the City in being able to move forward. Three, we're clearly in very much a
startup mode with not a really good, strong funding stream. The discussion
about how to look at funding what it is we want to do strikes me as being
extremely timely, even after the Study Session we just had. There are a lot
of gaps that clearly came up about what it is we want to achieve and how we
can achieve it, that needs some discussion on what would happen on the
funding side of that challenge. That's it.


                                                                      Page 74 of 99
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/14/16
