                         TRANSCRIPT
the second bullet, is 35 percent design review in the Fall of 2017. The third
bullet says in the winter of 2017, which precedes the Fall by nine months.

Mr. Eggleston: That's just kind of a confusing use. Not the best use of the
seasons.

Mayor Burt: I'd agree. What's unconfusing this?

Mr. Eggleston: That needs to refer to winter that begins on December 21st,
2017. Probably inartfully described there.

Mayor Burt: I'd change that. I get it. Under Phase 2, it says the OBAG
funding access becomes available in October 2018. I was going to be asking
whether—the approval would occur before then. Is that correct?

Mr. Eggleston: We're expecting the approval to occur sometime in the next
several months.

Mayor Burt: Approval submittal of early next year, but the access is later.
You said you think that the California Environmental Quality Act
(CEQA)/National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) is what will be the driver
on being able to spend those dollars?

Mr. Eggleston: That's right. It's getting through the CEQA process, NEPA
and then getting the final Caltrans approval.

Mayor Burt: Is it NEPA because this is a U.S. highway? Is that what makes
it NEPA?

Mr. Eggleston: It's because of the Federal funding that is part of this OBAG
funding.

Mr. Schnabel:    If you get Federal funding, you have to get Federal
environmental clearance.

Mayor Burt: Amongst the amenities, I was really focusing just on the lower
cost ones. I was surprised that the—we had a combination of enhanced
railings and fence mesh adding $1/2 million. When I was looking at those,
that was kind of a head-scratcher at least on the mesh. What are the
advantages to some of those alternatives? I'm looking at Page 19. Trying
to understand what drives $1/2 million cost increase from those differences
in mesh. I'm seeing it's railings as well.

Mr. Schnabel: That's basically this enhanced railing up here on the screen,
Section 11. You go from a standard chain link railing to a different kind,
welded-wire mesh or cable railing type.         Because of the specialty
                                                                       Page 64 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
