                          TRANSCRIPT
a more summary piece, which is a framework document, these decision
criteria, the guiding principles." Again, get the Council on board and familiar
with that and understanding that these implementation plans, that Gil is
talking about, need to come back separately, and they need to have a
shorter timeframe, horizon. That was this idea of having a 2020 target.
That would really say how much investment in Electric Vehicle (EV) vehicles,
for example, under electrification or mobility would we really be looking at,
what do we think that would cost and what that would take. The Council
would be in a better position to really say go ahead and do those detailed
actions steps. Knowing that we would report to you each year, at least, on
our progress on that and certainly by the time we got to 2020 we could
really take a look again and say how far have we made it, is 80 by '30 a goal
that's really within our reach or is it further out. It's really too much for
anybody to fully commit to. That's why we've separated it into these two
things. I won't say we glossed over it, but the decision criteria that Gil
mentioned—I apologize. We don't have slide numbers on your slides. It's
the first one after the S/CAP success factors. Maybe you can put it up? I
would just call this out as an important qualifier for the Council, because
we're saying to the Council, "Adopt this framework. The framework will
include these decision criteria, these seven or eight guiding principles, and
these design guidelines." I've identified the high-level strategies with the
targets attached to them, but it doesn't say at all really how we're going to
get there in detail. That will be the follow-up plans that we will come back in
2017 and start working with the Council. There is a clear acknowledgement
that the Plan envisions the Council will consider, when saying go, no go, go
at this speed, go more slowly, our greenhouse gas impact, quality of life
impact, the mitigation costs, the return on investment, the ecosystem
health, resilience, the impact on future generations.          There may be
ultimately specific criteria the Council wants to add to that. I see these as
protections and buffers that can allow the Council, I think, to move ahead at
the framework right now, knowing that you're going to subsequently look at
the specific implementation measures, and you'll have the ability to be able
to accept, modify or decline to support for this next 3, 4-year period through
2020 those directives, which would ultimately be back to the Staff based on
these criteria. I think that gives the Council enough flexibility to know this
isn't just going to be a carbon reduction goal; that's going to be a factor.
There are other things that you can bring into it. I'll be available here with
Gil also to respond to more detailed questions. I did want to add those
components.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. That was very helpful. I think what you just described
helps the Council feel comfortable that what we're focusing on tonight is that
next layer, not the actual programs and plans, but how future decisions
would get made and the guiding principles that we would use as well as
                                                                       Page 22 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
