                          TRANSCRIPT
City Staff is moving forward with some experiments on two spot safety pilot
projects starting April and May. In each case, alternatives will be developed
in consultation with stakeholder groups. Mailers will be distributed to the
abutting properties, and signs will be installed to seek public input during the
trial. The first project involves the installation of a temporary traffic circle
with signage and striping at the intersection of Coleridge Avenue and
Cowper Street near Walter Hays Elementary. This pilot will be installed
before April 10th, when Walter Hays Elementary returns from spring break,
and remain in place for 3 months at which point a permanent traffic circle
may be installed as part of a planned Public Works projects and informed by
the results of the pilot. If the public is not supportive of the traffic circle,
we'll look at other alternatives as a follow-up. This project was developed as
the result of a series of requests submitted through Palo Alto 311 and
concerns voiced directly to City Staff by PTAs. The second pilot project will
be located at the intersection of Embarcadero Road and High Street along
the route to Palo Alto High School. There are several alternatives under
consideration for this intersection with the primary goals being to reduce the
speeds of motor vehicles using the westbound ramp to Alma Street, increase
the number of vehicles yielding at the existing crosswalks across the ramp,
and better facilitate bicycle and pedestrian traffic to and from Palo Alto High
School. This trial will begin in May after a preferred alternative is identified
and refined through consultation with our transportation stakeholder groups,
and the same public engagement strategy will be used for all pilot projects.
I would encourage the Council or any interested members of the public to
feel free to direct questions directly to Josh Mello, the City's Chief
Transportation Official.     Moving on.      The Palo Alto Human Relations
Commission invites the Council and the community to a community-wide
forum to raise awareness on the issues of implicit bias and to promote
diversity and inclusion. The event is titled "Being Different Together –
Experiencing Palo Alto, Perception and Reality," will be held on Wednesday,
March 30th from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. at the Mitchell Park Community Center.
Through storytelling, listening and dialog, participants will be able to
examine our own implicit biases, encourage understanding and move the
conversation forward towards building a stronger, more compassionate and
inclusive community.       The keynote speaker will be Dr. Joseph Brown,
Associate Director of Diversity and First Gen Office at Stanford University.
We will be having—thanking in advance Council Members Berman and
Wolbach for being able to be available for making some opening and closing
remarks at the event. Thank you. The City Clerk wanted me to again put
out a reminder that the City is looking for citizens who want to make a
difference in our community by serving on the Utility Advisory Commission.
The City is seeking applicants for the Utilities Advisory Commission, three
terms or positions.       The deadline to submit an application for this
Commission has been extended to March 23rd, which is this Wednesday, at
                                                                         Page 29 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
