                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: Similarly to the Context Based Design Criteria. The issue with
the SOFA is it's not in the Zoning Code; it's its own animal. We could add
the phrase "or coordinated area plans" to the first finding. That would
capture SOFA and other ...

Mayor Burt: "And future coordinated area plans."

Ms. French: Yes, yes.

Council Member Holman: I'd agree with that, yes.

Mayor Burt:   The seconder?  We'll add to that first finding after the
parentheses "[comma] coordinated area plans and any relevant design
guides."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Subsection 1, “coordinated
area plans” after “as applicable.”

Mayor Burt: A couple of comments, and then I want to return to one more
aspect of this. Mr. Lew's comments were pretty interesting that in his
opinion it's difficult to get a no vote from the ARB solely based on
compatibility criteria. Yet, we have compatibility criteria currently. That
begs the discussion that Council Member Holman was asking earlier. I will
say that I think we have seen over the last year the ARB moving in a
direction that is, I would say, more assertive toward applications and toward
insistence on meeting the criteria better. As the City Attorney stated, now
the Staff Reports are stating the findings and how a project is meeting the
findings. The statement by Mr. Lew gave me pause as to—for one thing, it
made me more supportive toward strengthening the findings and making
them more clear and more concrete. I basically have a question of if we
have this requirement in the preamble that removes the ambiguity on
whether it is cherry-picking findings or all of them must be met, that seems
to help. Do we need anything else to make it clear to the ARB that if they
can't make an applicable finding, they are not allowed to approve a project?
That's really what the ordinance says, and I don't think that's their
understanding. From everything I have heard, they believe that the findings
are guidelines for their discretionary approval of a project as a whole and in
its entirety and not a set of findings that each must be met.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Mayor. I'd like to explore that further with the
Architectural Review Board. I would say that if that were true about the
Architectural Review Board's perspective on the ARB findings, it is not the
true perspective of the Director, who is the one who is actually approving
the projects. From a Staff perspective, we look at this as every applicable
                                                                        Page 33 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
