  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

and warmer place for our community and that was one of our recent
investments.

We also just for example completed two things at the El Camino Park and
that is an emergency underground reservoir and a beautiful new park on top
of it. So this has just been the last few months it got complete and if
anybody, maybe most of us haven’t been there yet to really take it in. It’s a
beautiful renovation of a park.

But aside from kind of the glamorous and beautiful new buildings we have
more basic infrastructure. So over the last five years we’ve done a real
transformation in our investment. We had had what was a community that
many in the world thought was the center of technology and innovation and
streets that sure didn’t live up to that reputation. So back in Fiscal Year (FY)
2011 starting in second half of 2010 we doubled our budget to street
repaving in the middle of The Great Recession. And we had made, been in
the process of beginning to make financial reforms and we just made a
commitment to do that. Three years later we added another 50 percent. So
we are repaving our streets at triple the rate we were in 2010. At that time
we were at approximately at they have a pavement index that’s accepted
throughout the whole region and state and we were around a 70 which
technically says it’s the good, but most of us wouldn’t have thought it was
good. And it was kind of these kinds of streets. We’re now this year, as of
last year we had tied the best in the country at I think a 79 and this year I
hear we’re going to be at a level of 82.

So this is Alma today. Here is one of our local streets today or 2011 and
here it is today. And this is going on all around us, but I do know that for
many of us we identify the street that still is in bad shape and that’s the one
we remember. And it took several years before people are starting to say I
see a pattern here. There’s still that bad street and I want that one fixed.
And we’re going to get to it by 2019 we will have hit our goal of 85 PCI
(Pavement Condition Index), which is six points ahead of any other City in
the County and frankly I think it’s the level of streets that we all are looking
for.

So that’s been a major investment as well, but we really have had a whole
other set of investments in infrastructure that have been lingering for us
that Councils have been struggling with for over a decade. As I mentioned
most of our buildings were built over 50 years ago. This one is over 60
years old, a Fire Station. Many of our modern trucks can’t fully fit into some
of our stations. They’re really inadequate, unsafe, they are not up to current
                                                                             Page 3 of 18
                                                                State of the City Address
                                                                                  2/24/16
