                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I understand that. My sense of it was this. The way
they're going to do the next RHNA cycle, I hear, could very well have a
strong impact on how well you achieved your last RHNA cycle. I thought we
should get some credit for some of these units. When they look at the next
RHNA cycle, we get credit for some of the housing that was done on
Stanford, because this was a large. It's really one group of housing. If
Stanford builds 2,000 units and we build a number, we should get credit for
some of that when people look at how much housing Palo Alto has built.
That's really my comment on this. I would like to see us get some of that
credit, because that will inform the next RHNA cycle.

Mr. Lait: I guess the short answer to that is we can include a comment to
the County stating our interest in having a conversation with the County and
with ABAG when we consider the next RHNA allocations. I don't know that
we'll get credit the way that you're thinking, a unit for unit credit. We've
already demonstrated that we can build the type and amount of housing that
we are required to do as part of RHNA. What we might do is what we've just
done, what we did in 2013, which is, "County, we'd like you to take a certain
amount of our units that have been allocated to us by the State." That's a
negotiation that we would have. We can reflect back on this conversation
about the units that were produced here as part of the project of the
County's review.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. They're going to look back and see what
you accomplished on your RHNA numbers, not just that you zoned for? That
may inform the next cycle.

Mr. Lait: They will look back and see what was accomplished as they do
with—I mean, that's one of the things that you report out on. If you fail to
achieve your numbers, it's ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: You'll get a larger allocation the next cycle. That's my
sense of what's going to happen.

Mr. Lait: Not for failing to meet your numbers. There may be other factors
that result in a larger number.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think they're talking about when they do the factors
next time, that's what they're going to do. You never know, but that's a big
discussion going on at ABAG at the moment.

James Keene, City Manager: Can I just add to this?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

                                                                      Page 40 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/21/16
