                          TRANSCRIPT
Council for a—two questions. Why "consider"? If we do consider as opposed
to act to implement it, what would the timeline be for it coming back?

Mr. Bobel: Thank you. Phil Bobel, Public Works. Actually, the word
"consider" in that slide was just an example. The one you're asking about is
Number 14.       What it actually says is the City should evaluate the
implementation of a user fee for the point source discharges. The action
item for us, if you direct so, would be to evaluate. There's a number of
aspects of that. The City Attorney can amplify on that. There's a number of
things that need to be evaluated. First of all, we have to come up with a fee
that's based on our costs. That's kind of a standard step. Then, we'd have
to evaluate whether Prop 218 applies. Even if it doesn't, we'd want the fee
to be related to our cost. There's work to be done either way. You might
recall that, as part of the groundwater action that the Council took earlier
this year, you directed us to come back in the fall with a series of measures
that we needed to evaluate. One of them was this fee. We're already slated
to come back to you in the fall on this issue of a fee. That would be the
timeframe we'd suggest here. Without putting too fine a point on it, it would
be this fall to come back with you with more information about the fee,
possibly telling you that we would need longer to fully evaluate it. Quite
possibly telling you that because it is a complex issue. There are several
possible bases for the fee. One is the fact that the storm drain is being
utilized. Another possible basis that was mentioned earlier is that the
groundwater is being used. That would be a different basis for the fee.
We'd have to look into that as well. I doubt if we could look into all the
aspects of that by the fall, so we'd probably be coming back to you with
more information and a description of what we'd have to do to have a full
evaluation of this fee should you further direct us to do that

Council Member Holman: Thank you for all those details. A follow-up to
that. I know this was—not the fee itself but perhaps the fee too went to
Policy and Services last year. There were a couple if not three conversations
about it there, also about impacts. Not financial necessarily in nature, but
also the impacts on neighboring properties, on trees, da, da, da, da. Are
you thinking of bringing that back in the fall as well in companion with the
possible fee structure?

Mr. Bobel: We're not necessarily thinking it would be at the exact same
time. The impact is a slightly different situation. Let me remind you that we
have moved forward in requiring the applicant to do a certain amount of
analysis for groundwater pumping.         As far as impacts on neighboring
property and neighboring trees, there's a requirement that on a pilot basis
we're imposing right now. There is an impact evaluation that's going on.
It's a pilot, and we've said that long term, if we're going to keep that, then it
                                                                          Page 20 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
