                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Let's just see if the Fire folks can talk. A lot of this is guided by
the need for the Fire Department to come out and do an inspection. Clearly
there is a threshold that you have to reach before that happens.

James Henrikson, Fire Marshall: Good evening. Vice Mayor Scharff, to
answer some of your questions.       The special events, there's a whole
Committee that—a special event comes into the Police Department. There
are members from Planning, Police, Fire, etc., that weigh in, in terms of how
big of an event this is. We're not talking about a backyard party, for
example. We're talking about when HP had the 20,000-square-foot tent that
cost …

Vice Mayor Scharff: How about Halloween?

Mr. Henrikson: Halloween where?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Halloween in Old Palo Alto, when we block off a little
part of Waverley and then Waverley Court and those streets. How about
that?

Mr.    Henrikson: The Committee gets together, and it's based on how large
the    tent is, whether it needs to have an engineer come out and make sure
it's   not going to blow over and kill people, which has happened in parts of
the    country. How many …

Vice Mayor Scharff: There was no tent on Halloween.

Mr. Henrikson: No tent. Is there going to be generators? Is there going to
be cooking booths? Is there going to be electrical cabling run? It's really on
a case-by-case. This is not meant to be prohibitive by any means. For
instance, the tent is for much larger structures that actually have to be
secured to the ground. It's to verify that they are structurally intact, and
they're not going to get picked up and injure people. Most of these fees are
only kicking in once the Committee comes back and says, "They're doing a
20,000-square-foot tent. They have four generators. They have 27 food
trucks. We need someone to go out and just make sure that they're lined
up so that we have means of egress." It's not for the small neighborhood
events.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why do we need a food truck fee? If I have one food
truck come to a neighborhood event, we now have a $180 fee for that?
That's the way I read this.

Mr. Henrikson: No, that's not the way. Again, it's based on the way that
the Committee builds it out.
                                                                          Page 87 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
