                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman:     Protecting and enhancing the urban forest as natural
infrastructure.

Council Member Holman: Are you good with that, Pat?

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Holman: I have a question on Table 3 on Page 287. The
second item down says mitigation and sustainability measures would be
adopted to minimize impacts on new market rate housing and new
nonresidential development by requiring mitigation monitoring and
enforcement. Isn't that just a standard CEQA requirement? I don't know
why that's called out.

Ms. Gitelman: This gets to one of the challenges or issues that the Council
identified early on in this process. The Draft EIR analyzed the impacts and
then provided mitigation but didn't show what the mitigation would
accomplish. It didn't have the mitigated results. By putting this here, we're
saying we're going to do that for these two scenarios.

Council Member Holman: For clarity, do we need to add language that says
to identify mitigation accomplishments? It just seems—I don't know.

Ms. Gitelman: We could have just not put that in the table. We could have
just said this time around we're going to show you the efficacy of the
measures that are identified to mitigate significant impacts.

Council Member Holman: That language is much better and clearer.

Mayor Burt: If we're going to capture that in the Motion, how would you
prefer we reference it?

Council Member Holman: That should cover all scenarios, of course.

Ms. Gitelman: That would be in the changes to Scenarios 5 and 6. Section 8
would be ensure that the analysis provides the impacts of the scenarios after
mitigation.

Council Member Holman: Shouldn't that be 1-6?

Mayor Burt: Would it apply to everything?

Ms. Gitelman: The way we do it for Scenarios 1-4 is we talk about where
the impacts have been reduced to less than significant, but we haven't been
able to eliminate all the significant, unavoidable impacts. I think the Council

                                                                         Page 75 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
