                         TRANSCRIPT
work with the Council and Staff to address the issues we discussed this
evening. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Our next speaker is Rene Wood, and our final
speaker Ruth Lowy.

Rene Wood: Good evening. I extend my congratulations to the new Mayor
and Vice Mayor also. My name is Rene Wood, and I'm from Sheffield,
Massachusetts. I'm hoping that you'll let me speak tonight. My background
is similar to many of yours in that I am a member or have been a member
of our town's Select Board and Planning Commission. I have followed
Savepaloaltosgroundwater.org's work and believe that their and your efforts
are cutting edge. I've been impressed with the rigor of their work, their
commitment to fact-based data from respected organizations and the
modest implementable nature of their requests to the Council. I'm also
impressed with the Council's openness to their work and your collaborative
approach. This discussion is not anti-basement. Rather, it is about smarter,
more thoughtful basement construction when dewatering is required,
construction which becomes mindful of its impact on groundwater resources.
Their requests are reasonable, measureable, data driven and can be
implemented prior to the issuance of dewatering permits in April. Just as
important, their requests provide a balance, one based on equity between
the owner building a basement requiring dewatering and neighboring
property owners. I have been a very frequent visitor to Palo Alto for 30
years and have watched this City grow, property become astronomically
valuable and services and lifestyle become second to none, in part because
of your focus on sustainability which Mayor Burt spoke of in his acceptance
remarks. Sustainability for water usage has included in the past, but it's not
been limited to, providing compensation to residents who switch to low
water landscaping, mandatory gray water systems and the rebates that are
currently in place that were mentioned earlier. It is only reasonable and
common sense to augment these actions with the dewatering policies
requested here tonight. I respectfully ask the Council to grant the requests
and thank you for receiving my comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speak is Ruth Lowy.

Ruth Lowy: Good evening. I'm Ruth Lowy. I wanted to thank Karen
Holman and Greg Schmid for their wonderful leadership this year and for
making, as many have said, a very thoughtful and collaborative year.
Congratulations to our new Mayor, Pat Burt, and to Vice Mayor Greg Scharff.
I hope that your leadership will continue this very wonderful year that we've
had. The quality of life is somewhat improving. We will hope that you can
continue on with that. I'd like to also follow up on the comment of the, I

                                                                        Page 22 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/4/16
