                          TRANSCRIPT
committees with members who can effectively address these four areas
along with other resident concerns. Thanks a lot.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you. I'll speak for Audubon first, and then I want to
say something as a resident. For Audubon, I thank you for paying attention
to our letter. I thank you for considering the lighting issues. The birds do
fly over the building, and they do fly at night. Migratory birds fly at night,
and that's when millions of birds fly over that area. That's for Audubon.
Thank you for actually requiring that they address the lighting and the glass
building issues. As a resident, I would very much like you to limit the height
to 35 feet in that area. That is the right thing to do. The hotel was an
exception. Now we have a car dealership. Aesthetically, I find it a little
offensive, and I'm also worried about what comes next. The next building
will be an all-glass building that will be 50 feet or more. There already may
be a building like that there. I think that when we're looking at 80 percent
reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, this doesn't seem to compatible with
that goal, especially with elevators taking cars up and down and all that It
doesn't seem to be a very sustainable type of building. I say that as a
resident. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jeff Levinsky to be followed by herb Borock.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Thank you
for giving attention to the letter that we sent in. I'm just going to try to use
the moments I have to clarify some issues that came up about that already.
On item Number 1, although it is correct that they're not using all of the
showroom exemption, the problem is that the areas that they're using the
showroom exemption for, many of them don't deserve it, don't allow for it.
We quote the law here, all other uses associated with the automobile
dealership including sales office and sales of related merchandise are not
eligible. The impact of that is if they're not eligible for the showroom
exemption, they then have to fit in the 0.4 FAR for the regular building itself,
and they don't. That building only has like 500 square feet left. If you take
our table of almost 4,000 square feet, and you move that over from the 0.2
FAR over to the 0.4 FAR part, it's over the FAR. Some of these areas are
almost amusing that they tried to pass them off as showroom here. The
boutique is explicitly—Mercedes-Benz sells things like dishes for your pet,
and they sell sippy cups. It's kind of amazing. That related merchandise is
explicitly by the Municipal Code not allowed for the showroom exemption. It
has to count in the regular 0.4 FAR, and that's what would put it over. You
can go through on—we listed them there explicitly. I think Mayor Burt has
already brought up the issue about the car storage should not be exempt

                                                                           Page 107 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
