                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Some comments on retail, and then I had some
more general comments for PCE. This is a good example of the challenge of
reprioritizing without subverting a vote that we took in Council. I'm not sure
how we handle this (inaudible) Cambridge Avenue, we voted on that. I
supported that vote, and I'm interested in continuing on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff:        I think you misunderstood.      We have retail
requirements on Cambridge.           I'm good with retail requirements on
Cambridge. That's what we voted to do. The question is should Staff now
go do a feasibility study of (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: I thought that ...

Mayor Burt: And in what priority.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    And in what priority.       Since we have the retail
ordinance in place, we have retail on Cambridge, should we now go study—
have someone tell us whether or not it's effective or not.

Council Member DuBois: Is that correct, Hillary?

Ms. Gitelman: The ordinance that we adopted for California Avenue does
address Cambridge. I think the follow-up item the Council wanted us to look
at was something about the depth or the size of retail on Cambridge.

Council Member DuBois: That was actually worse. If you want to drop it, I
guess we'll (inaudible). The other one is the—in other districts, the question
is if that's unstaffed and unfunded and the emergency ordinance expires,
can we just pass another one for the outside areas at that time. Again, this
feels like it's kind of the appropriate prioritization in general to me. More
broadly, you have several openings in your department. I think you have
some additional Staff. I think we're seeing a lot of impact here. Part of the
question is how quickly can you fill these positions. If you add a couple of
good people to your Staff, this picture may shift before the end of the year.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. Absolutely. I thought we made
that point in the housing memo. We're carrying two significant vacancies in
our long-range planning group, which constitutes 30 percent of the Staff
devoted to that function. If we can fill those two positions—we're actively
recruiting for them—we should be able to pick up some of these projects
that are now yellow. We can pick up the pace, and we can reassess the
feasibility of some of these other things.




                                                                       Page 65 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
