                          TRANSCRIPT
other offices for bonding and training. On parking, most of our groups have
one or two rental cars, so they park in our driveway or directly in front of
our house. Sometimes actually they have no cars at all and just rely on
Uber or walking. On noise, our groups really are not much different to our
noise. If anything, they're quieter than our kids. On unknown people, these
are cohesive groups traveling together, not a bunch of individuals living in—
obviously we screen them very carefully because they're living in our home.
We have probably the greatest interest in making sure that we know who
they are and that we check them out. We take about less than half of
anyone who even requests. Obviously finally, we're very respectful of our
neighbors. So far there haven't been any issues. On the concerns, if you
hear about this, the Lincoln house, it seems to me the issue is not Airbnb or
short-term rentals per se. It seems it's more about overcrowding and
parking. I don't think it's a short-term rental issue. The owner of this
Lincoln house has raised the minimum rental to 30 days, and that's actually
avoiding the 14 percent transient occupancy tax that the City would
otherwise collect. That doesn't seem to be solving the problems. I don't
think it's a total number of people issue either. I think it depends on the
size of the house. I think the issue is we've got four or five people staying in
each room of a three-bedroom house, and each having their own car. That
is (inaudible) of an issue. I don't think it's really an unknown people issue
either. Palo Alto's an international and a college town that is full of people
who have come here from somewhere else to live and work. In summary, if
I think there's going to be any regulation, as the Council looks at this, you
should focus on parking and overcrowding but not on short-term rentals or
large groups per se. Thank you. That's it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Azadeh. Welcome.

Azadeh: Good evening, Council Members. My name is Azadeh Malek, and I
live next door to Gordon Stewart, the owner of 1245 Lincoln Avenue. Up
until today, Gordon left all of us with the impression that he was going
forward with his plan of renting his three-bedroom house to 14 separate
individuals. Today for the first time, he has reached out to some members
of our community and expressed remorse. In fact, he's here today to speak.
None of this would have happened if we did not have a forum for the
community to voice their concern and was it not for the great community
that we have. It shows how strong we can all be if we have the backing of
one another. This is what neighborhoods and communities should all be
about. Having said that, the problem we have with greedy actors seeking to
take advantage of Airbnb is not over. We're facing predators looking for
single-family homeowners in our desirable neighborhoods and homeowners
who are willing to let them do so. As one (inaudible) said, "Our social fabric
is best preserved if we enforce our municipal codes that embody the
                                                                         Page 26 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
