                          TRANSCRIPT
there, and I'm still there. I'm a little bit emotionally compromised on this
issue, a little bit biased. I'm coming in support of my unionized office
workers who are at risk of losing their livelihoods on their five-figure
incomes, doing work that they love. They've been told they can relocate to
other jobs in the City, but I don't think that's the motivation for their
paychecks. If this is all about money, I think you're probably going to need
to vote the way you want to vote for Pets in Need. I want to remind you
that when I was this 15-year-old kid climbing the fence to get in there, the
site was state of the art. It was and is still operating under a no-kill policy,
the same of which has been illustrated to you by the Pets in Need
gentleman. The one big difference I remember from now to then is those
open fields that had burrowing owls and pheasants and killdeer flying around
them and was dedicated land for expansion of the shelter, and was created
into a parking lot for City vehicles behind us. In front of us, a site that
slated for a dog exercise area is being leased out to a private automobile
dealership. I'd just ask if you're going to take this further and get this
funding, however it comes, either by continuing to fund us—we're somewhat
of a cash cow, I understand. We're kind of, as I understand from the
manager's office, bleeding you white, something like we're Captain Ahab to
the budget's Moby Dick, continually harpooning you for funds. I hope we're
giving you something back in return of value. The department issues coins
to all of us. They're called (inaudible) coins. I've been flipping this as this
evening progresses. On the coin, it talks about accountability, team work
and integrity and community. The only thing I'd ask in all of this is when
you make your vote think about the history, think of what we've given you
over 122 years of service. Before you vote, where is the venerable spirit of
(inaudible) and where is the intrinsic value? Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Joseph Duran to be followed by Joanne Dixon.
Welcome.

Joseph Duran: Council, Mayor, long time no see. My name is Joe. It has
come to the attention of many Palo Alto City employees that the Animal
Services Division proposed transition is unwise and unlikely to be executed
in an effective manner. While honorable and well-intentioned, the proposal
from the local nonprofit Pets in Need falls short of the necessary operating
capacity currently in place at the animal shelter services. Pets in Need runs
a fine shelter, but they are not prepared to take over the Animal Services
shelter. Through the proposed transition, the City plans to budget for its
four Animal Control Officers while the remaining Animal Services employees
have been encouraged to look for employment elsewhere. I'll just leave that
right there. This proposal presents obvious execution issues, but the less
obvious effects pose an even greater issue. On the behalf of all employees

                                                                        Page 49 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
