                          TRANSCRIPT
living in Palo Alto. I think that's really useful data. I'd like to know the
current percentage of people who live in the units who work in Palo Alto. I
think that would be really interesting and useful data. I'd also like to get,
obviously without violating confidentially, broadly over a 2,000-unit portfolio
what services do these people provide in the community. Are these local
people working in the grocery stores or in retail? What are these people
doing in the community so we can tell other people in the community.
These are part of the people who are the fabric of our community, and we
need to make sure we house them. That's stuff that—actual data is very
helpful in the conversation about affordable housing and making it real for
people. People talked about people with special needs. Obviously I think
anyone who has a heart thinks that people with special needs should have
housing, if you're housing people like that, who have those disabilities.
Knowing that and being able to tell the community, yes, we are providing
housing for that. I think all of that, where we show we're doing good for the
community and how this works into the fabric of people's lives is very
helpful. I would make a plea for data. I also know that we didn't do 801
Alma as a PC. I know that we did that differently. I was curious how we did
that. I don't recall. You don't recall. It's a non-PC and it looks fairly dense.
Frankly, I don't like the architecture, but it's an interesting question since we
said a lot of the projects were done as PCs. I thought there was a bit of a
disconnect at least, so I would like to get the proper data on some of this. I
heard Candace say all her big projects were PCs. Her non-big projects
tended not to be, but that's only about 30 percent of the portfolio. I thought
basically you guys did almost all the projects in Palo Alto with the exception
of—obviously there's the BMR units in developer ones, and then there's the
Eden Housing one, 801 Alma. Maybe there are other ones; I'm sure there
are. What percentage have you guys done and that kind of stuff. I think all
of that data and how they were zoned would be helpful.                 Sort of a
recommendation about is it a PC process you're looking for, do you think
that works best or is it one of these overlays that people have talked about.
We obviously have an overlay, but is there a more efficient one that would
be tweaked in certain ways? I think recommendations and options and
choices about how we approach this and the pros and cons of each would be
really helpful. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Again, I wanted to weigh in, in support of the
Mayor's comments on the need for a scalable and standard process that
gives us good projects for this kind of thing. The Cal Park thing looks fairly
noncontroversial to me right now. The best thing that we could do sort of in
the immediate timeframe is to take action to kick off establishing, if this is a
priority, a scalable and standard process that gives us good projects, and
                                                                         Page 31 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
