                          TRANSCRIPT
the community—the extreme cases are helpful in thinking about it. Let's say
I chose 10,000 units. I would guess if we built 10,000 units, we would have
worse traffic. That's just my guess. Everyone in the community would say,
"Look at all this traffic. Look at all the terrible EIR ramifications of this. We
don't want to do this." My concern is if I go too big, doesn't that undermine
the whole idea of showing the community of a quality of life or not? We can
mix and match; how do you mix and match between numbers that aren't
tested exactly in the EIR?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. I'm not sure I'm exactly answering the question.
One of the things we want to do with the analysis of the fifth scenario is test
this idea of performance-based zoning and the mitigation measures that we
would apply. We would actually run a scary analysis of the impacts,
assuming no mitigation, and then we would apply all the mitigation and
performance-based practices and see if we couldn't drive the impacts down
to certainly less than significant but see what we would do to address the
impacts. We're going to try and test that idea and be able, I hope, in this
supplement to the Draft EIR to inform that discussion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you test it—that's the nub of my question—are
you going to test it if we say 5,300 units? If we give that to you as the
number, you try and drive it down using performance-based zoning on that
5,300 units, but does that mean, if you can't drive it down, the analysis will
come back and say, "It would be driven down to zero if we were at 4,875" or
something like that or is that information not going to be available?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm not sure that that's going to be—I'm not sure it's going to
come out exactly that way. I think what we're going to do is evaluate the
effectiveness of these measures that would be applied. The effectiveness
would be relatively the same whether it's a big number or a slightly smaller
number. Do you see what I mean?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me pick up where Greg just left off. I think what
I'm hearing clearly is none of this could happen with an enlarged number on
housing if we weren't willing to look at some zoning changes, particularly
from commercial to residential, perhaps a moderate change in height limit,
and especially some alternative forms of transportation. This is where our
TDMs and so forth would come into play. If there's some other way that
could happen, and then think about that for a minute. At the same time,
one of the issues that you have brought up tonight that actually hadn't hit
me in the same way is both Stanford Medical Center hasn't opened, nor has
                                                                         Page 65 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
