                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Under "C," implement an RPP in Evergreen Park
through a stakeholder process including determining how many permits to
be sold for retail and personal service workers. I think this is what Council
Member DuBois was trying to get at earlier. After the word "workers," "from
the adjacent California Avenue Commercial District" and "to be phased out
over time." That makes it consistent with the Downtown RPP.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll go with the adjacent California Avenue district.
Given that we're not putting any office workers in there at the moment and
given that it depends on how big a parking garage we build, in my mind, I'
fine with phasing it out. If we don't build an adequate parking garage, then
we may not be able to. At some point, we have to figure out where these
people actually go. I'm hoping that we build a big enough parking garage.
That's a question that Council's going to have to grapple with.

Council Member Holman: You'll accept "from the adjacent California Avenue
District"?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right.

Council Member Berman: Before I do, it looks like Staff's having some
concerns or issues. Is there anything ...

Mr. Keene: We were just talking that the sooner you guys get done with
this, the sooner we could get started on a program. I think there's a little
uncertainty about the ability to specify the retail and personal service
workers. We can live with this with the understanding if we dove deeper
into this, if we needed some adjustment to it, we'd have to come back to
you and let you know.

Council Member Holman: Understood.

Mr. Keene: We're going to be coming back to you anyway with the budget
approvals and all of that stuff. There will be opportunities to ...

Council Member Berman: Okay.

Council Member Holman: You're accepting that?

Council Member Berman:         If the previous part is what's giving Staff
heartburn, then I'll accept your ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: "The permits over time" needs to come out.

Council Member Holman: It stops after the word "District."

                                                                     Page 117 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
