  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

Council has asked the City Manager to come back and the Finance
Committee has already addressed this to begin the process of paying down
that liability. And the way that the numbers work we don’t have to pay it all
off right away. If we take a chunk each year it really reduces our long term
liability by a lot more than what we paid in a given year. So it has that
compounding effect of paying it down and so that’s one of the things that
the Council has already committed that we’re going to be addressing this
year and it’s really the primary long term the final element of a sustainable
Long Term Financial Plan for our City.

That doesn’t mean everything is going to be easy going forward. we already
have our employees who are existing in a housing market that is going up
tremendously and all employees in this area were back in a period where
employees for public sector had taken cuts for a number of years and we’re
now having to adjust that and we’re having problems retaining employees
even as good of a City as this is to work in. So we have costs that are going
up there and we’re going to have challenges on our budgets going forward
and that doesn’t even count if, not if, when we have our next recession. So
even though we’ve addressed these all of these structural elements of our
budget doesn’t mean it’s a cakewalk. We have to stay on top of this, we will
probably have times in the future where we’ll be tightening our belts again,
but as of right now we are in the strongest shape we have been in a long
while on our City’s finances. We have to keep working at it to retain that,
but we do have headwinds.

As much as we’ve done a lot of good things we have as I think everybody
here knows challenges today and challenges in the future. So I’ve spent a
few minutes to talk about some things we’ve accomplished recently. I’m
going to talk about the things that we’ve been addressing and will be
addressing over the last year and the next year or two. Many of these
things the Council last year really began to take on a whole series of
problems that had existed many of them as a result of this real rapid rate of
growth that we’ve had in recent years and the negative sides to that growth.

So first is the need to protect our local retail and last year the Council took
several measures to expand retail territories, to add for additional
protections for existing retail, excuse me, and we’ll need to continue to
monitor this because it’s really difficult to try to figure out how government
regulations balances and interacts correctly with private sector motivations
and incentives and how do we get the right balance? How do we get not
only retail, but retail that serves people so that they are in walkable and
rideable distances? And that’s one of the really important things that we’ll
                                                                            Page 6 of 18
                                                               State of the City Address
                                                                                 2/24/16
