                          TRANSCRIPT
areas. We're not going to go into the details of them now. You've seen
them in April; you have them again in the Packet that's in front of you. In
each of these areas, we have some context discussion, specific goals that
we're proposing to achieve and the key strategies needed to achieve those
goals. In summary, these are some of the key elements in the Plan.
There's a lot in there, so I'm not boiling it all down. These are some of the
things that stand out. To summarize our conversation from back in April,
Council provided a resolution with four elements. Here you see on the
screen the elements that you established at that time and the Staff
responses to them. Staff have begun referencing the 80 by '30 goal in their
work as have people in the community. We've developed and have begun
implementing a process for integrating the Sustainability and Climate Action
Plan with the Comp Plan. We have formed seven interdepartmental teams
to develop specific sustainability implementation plans covering the key
S/CAP sections of mobility, efficiency in electrification, water, zero waste,
municipal operations, natural environment and adaptation and sea level rise.
We have brought back to you tonight the framework document including the
guiding principles.     The framework document is in response to your
resolution back in April to support the framework. What we've done is we've
stripped out the Action Item level of detail, the specific actions and
accountabilities. We're putting those into the implementation plans, which
will address specific actions. Accountability is who will do what when. What
are the budget requirements of those? What are the performance measures
for those? Those are removed, and what remains in the framework is the
overall strategic language, the decision criteria and guidelines and principles
and for each section the goals and the strategies. Based on the work of the
implementation teams since July of this year, there have been an
enrichment of some of the sections, which you noted in April were thin.
You'll see additional content around water and natural environment and
adaptation. In some of the sections, there have been some adjustments to
the goals and strategies based on the work of the Staff teams. We've
highlighted those in the document that you have in front of you. Yellow
highlights in those sections. You'll also see a little bit of redlining where
we've provided some clarification in the text. I know that's not the normal
practice for a report to you, but wanted you to be able to see the detail and
changes so there would be no problems there. The trajectory that we're on,
just to summarize it here. Back in April, we brought you the draft Plan. You
adopted the 80 by '30 greenhouse gas reduction goal. You supported the
overall framework of the Plan. You supported the guidelines and wanted to
discuss them further.       You asked us to address the integration and
synchronization of the S/CAP and the Comp Plan. Today in the framework,
the middle column here on the slide still includes the overall perspective on
climate strategy and the City strategy. The section on the guidelines and
criteria and in each of the sections the goals and strategies that we propose
                                                                       Page 18 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
