                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'm looking at this. Most of it I can actually live
with. The part that I'm having a real problem with is at the very bottom, to
allow streets to petition to be added as resident-only parking.           I'm
concerned that if those are resident only, then I think you're going to have
to go beyond even the blue-gray area on employee parking zones. Since
we're trying to get to consensus on this, Tom, I want to ask you how are you
viewing that. Are you seeing that it could continue out as far as Channing or
wherever?

Council Member DuBois: Just to be clear, only 80 permits have been sold to
employees in 9 and 10. What I'm really proposing is we end the Downtown
Parking District and 9 and 10 are resident-only when you get that far out.

Council Member Kniss: What happens with the 80 that have been sold?

Council Member DuBois: Originally because I was thinking immediately, I
was saying allow those 80. If we're not going to address this until January,
we could potentially shift those 80.

Mayor Burt: They might be part of the 150 reduction for next year. They
get wiped out. That's to be determined in January.

Council Member DuBois: I think the important thing to realize is we're only
talking about 80 permits that have been sold. I don't think we're shifting a
huge number.

Council Member Kniss: I hesitate on that one. Actually, my request would
be—I don't want to vote against the whole thing, but I'd like to vote against
C.vi, because I am very concerned about the resident only and that we're
going to hear from other areas that say, "We want resident only." We may
run into that in other districts.

Mayor Burt: I will separate C.vi if everyone agrees to vote up or down on it
without a debate. Are we good with that?

MOTION PART C.VII. SEPARATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF VOTING

Council Member Kniss: Agreed.

Mayor Burt: Now we're just going to vote on C.vi.

MOTION PART C.VII. RESTATED: Implement a freeze on the sale                     of
employee permits in Zones 9 and 10 and reduce the total number                  of
available employee permits in all zones by this amount and direct Staff         to
return with options to allow additional streets to petition to be added         as
resident only parking in Zones 9 and 10.
                                                                     Page 118 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
