                         TRANSCRIPT
Some of that is objective, the current service level. Other ones had some
subjectivity based on certain criteria. For each of these, specific criteria
about the assumptions that went into our findings were laid out and
documented in that matrix, which then ties back to each of these individual
analyses and results. It's hefty, but it's ended up being a really good tool,
because any idea we can track back or work with the PARC to discuss in
detail. Where that's led us today is beginning to formulate some direction
for the Master Plan. The first thing that we were able to distill out of that
opportunity analysis are what we're calling the principles, which you saw
back at the end of August and which we have added the principle of nature
to based on the discussion at that session.          What these really do is
encapsulate the vision for the future of the park and recreation system, what
Palo Alto really wants their system to exemplify. It already does a lot of
these things, but the idea is to amplify them and have everything be
working towards these principles. When you look then at the park system,
there's some areas of focus where we want to give some attention to get
even closer to that vision. These areas of focus, one of them is about
distributing parks and recreation experiences across the City. That gets at
equity, walkability, place making and identity, a lot of these things you've
hearing a lot about tonight. Another one is improving and enhancing
community center and recreation spaces across the community. Those are
the formal recreation spaces which are really well used. Enhancing comfort
and making parks more welcoming is another one. This is really about
making all the assets that are here in the community even better with some
of the simple creature comforts like shading, seating, that allow people to
linger and use the space, restrooms. Sports fields, a pretty important
component of the recreation system and getting more out of those because
they are resource intensive. Increasing variety, we heard a lot about that.
People really love what they have, but it's about getting more about the
existing land base and being able to layer more things into it. Increasing
health and wellness, a huge amount of the commentary really aligns with
the direction that you all have been focusing attention on about health. The
community really sees the park system as a way that can advance that. Off-
leash dogs. Integrating nature in parks is a major area of focus and was a
high priority for community members through all the outreach activities. It's
not just about integrating native plants or pollinator species into developed
parks; it's about connecting everything up, connecting outside of the City
and also creating ways for people to experience nature. We heard lots and
lots of feedback about that. Because of the type of park system you have,
you have a lot of opportunity to create great opportunities for people to be
outdoors and to be in nature. Finally, improving the accessibility. This is
not just about accessibility for people with disabilities, though there's some
important feedback from the community about the direction that they would
like to go which was above and beyond Americas with Disabilities Act (ADA).
                                                                       Page 95 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
