                          TRANSCRIPT
me just ask a few other questions on top of what my colleagues have asked.
It looks like on Page 13 that the real intrusion into the park is that Zoo
support building. That's the only place where we are adding a good section
of the park into enclosed Zoo area, Zoo support.

Mr. McClure: The physical building structures, walls and roofs, will be the
blue, the shape that I'm drawing on the land around here. That's outside
the park boundary. There's the pecan tree and then that other outdoor
space. With the boundary here, the existing Zoo is in this zone, outdoor
space with the netted enclosure and then the wall that's around it, and then
this zone back over here that's being called—hold on a second. It froze. In
any case, the zone that's on the back tail-end of the Zoo itself is an outdoor
containment area. It has the same character as the Zoo itself. There's a
netted enclosure over the top, and there's just a wall around the perimeter,
and that's it.

Council Member Schmid: The new intrusion on the park is the wall around
that support area?

Mr. McClure: Correct.

Council Member Schmid: Can you give me square footage? What's the size
of it? It doesn't look that big.

Mr. McClure: It's approximately 3,000 square feet of that addition.

Council Member Schmid: On the picture you have of the entry to the Zoo, in
contrast to the old Zoo which used to have public exhibit space as you
walked in, now there are windows looking into office and feeding space,
classroom space. The people paying the admission are now excluded from a
good portion of where there used to be exhibit space. Is that right?

Mr. Aiken: The proportions are about the same as they are today. We have
a fair amount of back-of-house space, which includes a mechanical shop for
repairing the exhibits, animal holding and animal care facilities. A lot of it is
dedicated to storing our collections and all of the things that we teach in
schools with. In the plan, it's called the collections hub. What we're doing is
creating windows into those work areas for the public, which they don't have
today, but we have those back-of-house spaces now that the public's
excluded from. It's about the same proportion.

Council Member Schmid: On Page 18 of the slides, that white building used
to be where you'd have special exhibits, and now is a window looking.



                                                                           Page 15 of 64
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/21/16
