                              TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We'll have to look into that.

Council Member Holman: The only reason that I know that it isn't is
because—I think it does need some improvements. Why wouldn't we
consider doing those? I know it's not Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
accessible, but there's also access at grade so it doesn't have to be ADA
accessible, I don't think. To ignore it, I think, is not prudent. I have some
other comments. I think that's probably my only—actually, I didn't see RPP
discussed in here very much. Can you point me to that? I didn't see much
reference to it.

Ms. Costello: It's in here.

Ms. Gitelman: I think that parking policy we just looked at with Council
Member Filseth ...

Ms. Costello: Neighborhood Impacts, Goal T4.

Council Member Holman:          Yeah, 5.10.  It just says in residential
neighborhoods work with neighborhood associations to prioritize residential
street parking and minimize spillover. It's work with neighborhoods, but
aren't we working with the commercial district as well as neighborhoods?
There's not a specific reference to RPP.

Ms. Gitelman: There is a policy here. I'm sorry, it's just taking us a minute
to find it. In fact, there's probably more than one. It's Program 5.10.1 at
the bottom of Page 432. Coordinate with neighboring groups to evaluate the
need for Residential Permit Parking areas outside Downtown Palo Alto and
College Terrace.

Council Member Holman: I kept looking for RPP and didn't even—isn't that
silly—notice Residential Permit Parking Program. We may come back to
that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a couple of questions. I guess I too was
astounded that this has come without the Land Use Element or there hasn't
been some dialog between this and the Land Use Element. We have been
talking in the scenarios of the difference between 7,000 new jobs and
15,000 new jobs. I can't believe that the CAC wouldn't look at this
Transportation Element with quite a different viewpoint between those two
alternatives. Yet, it's not reflected in here. Has there been any discussion
of that wide spectrum of alternative outcomes?


                                                                      Page 94 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
