                          TRANSCRIPT
According to Public Works, he started early on the project at 757 Moreno,
several days or a week before he even notified Public Works that he was
pumping. He would actually even pay more fines. I'm hoping that you will
levy these fines. Why do we have regulations if they're not going to be
enforced? I think at this time there's no financial incentive for a contractor
to follow the 10-week extraction period. If they can go 14 weeks and have
no fine—this isn't the way you would raise your children.             We have
regulations for a purpose. The second handout is from Keith Bennett. It
tallies the average cost of 1,3773 [sic] of each basement constructed in
2016 to the citizens of Palo Alto. He will be discussing this excellent handout
further on Wednesday. I ask all the people who have complained to me
about the water being wasted in Palo Alto to show up on Wednesday. If you
can't show up, please send a letter to the City Council,
city.council@cityofpaloalto.org. Save Palo Alto's Groundwater cannot fight
this fight for you. Rather than the complaining, you need to show up and
speak to the people who can make a difference. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now move to minutes …

Council Member Holman: Mayor Burt, I had put my light on.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a quick follow-up to the last speaker. If Staff
could follow up about whether fines have been …

James Keene, City Manager: I already have.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I should note that there is one additional Agenda change. Item
Number 8, an appeal of the Avenidas project at 450 Bryant, the appellant
has withdrawn their appeal. That Item will not be considered tonight.

Minutes Approval

3.    Approval of Action Minutes for the November 21 and 28, 2016 Council
      Meetings.

Mayor Burt: Now we have approval of Minutes from the meetings of
November 21st and 28th, 2016. Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member DuBois: So moved.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

                                                                         Page 20 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
