                         TRANSCRIPT
Special Orders of the Day

2.   Four Resolutions: Resolution 9644 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council
     of the City of Palo Alto Honoring Joe Saccio (24 Years), Retiring From
     City Service;” Resolution 9645 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Honoring Joe Teresi (32 Years), Retiring From City
     Service;” Resolution 9646 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the
     City of Palo Alto Honoring Jane Ratchye (31 Years), Retiring From City
     Service;” and Resolution 9647 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of
     the City of Palo Alto Honoring Scott O’Neill (31 Years), Retiring From
     City Service.”

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto Special Orders of the Day. I think it's
only three Resolutions we're reading tonight. Correct? We have Resolutions
honoring the long service of three highly valued employees of the City: Joe
Saccio, Joe Teresi and Jane Ratchye. I'd like to start things off with Joe
Saccio. Council Member Schmid, would you do the honors?

Council Member Schmid read Joe Saccio’s Resolution into the record.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. As is our practice on Resolutions, we vote to
approve that. Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously. Joe, I'll
meet you up to here pass this off to you. I think you have a few words you
wanted to share.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
adopt a Resolution honoring Joe Saccio.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0

Joe Saccio, Administrative Services Assistant Director: Thank you, Council
Member Schmid, for the words on the Resolution. I thank you for the coffee
we had once, talking about history. That was really great. In another life,
that was one of my professions. Thank you, Mayor Burt and Vice Mayor
Scharff and Council Members, for letting me speak. This is the first time I'm
at the microphone without having to answer any questions. This is really a
great experience. I've been with the Council since 1992, when Council
Member Kniss was one of the first members, I think, that I met on the
Council along with Supervisor Simitian and Judge Huber and some others. I
want to say thanks to a group of people. I want to say thank you to you and
prior Councils for all your thoughtful deliberations and incisive questions
over the years. I consider myself very fortunate to have worked in a City
that is full of ideas and noteworthy projects and all the aspirations that the
City has had over the years. I want to thank the City Manager, City
Manager Jim Keene, for allowing someone as straightforward, sure to have
                                                                          Page 3 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
