                         TRANSCRIPT
establish a target speed, the speed at which we want that roadway to
operate, and then we would design all elements of that roadway to
encourage motorists to travel at that target speed. Ideally, when we did our
engineering and traffic survey, the 85th percentile would be somewhere near
that target speed. The speed limit, the operating speed and the target
speed would all be consistent. Currently, that's not how things typically
work.

Council Member Holman: The target speed is higher than the currently
posted speed on a number of the segments.

Mr. Mello: We have not established target speeds yet. We're starting that
discussion with this project.      We currently don't have target speeds
established for a lot of our roadways. We don't have a design—if we were to
make design changes to Embarcadero Road, we would use the speed limit
because effectively that's the target speed today. We don't actually have an
official target speed established.

Council Member Holman: How long has this State law been in place?

Mr. Mello: I would say decades. It was created to combat speed traps along
state highways in small towns where the speed limit would drop
substantially, and they would have a large amount of enforcement in order
to generate revenue for small towns. They would hide around corners.
That's why a speed survey is required in order to prevent those kind of
"speed traps."

Council Member Holman: I do concur with the comments of Council Member
Kniss earlier. I have no reason to think, based on the number of emails that
I've seen already, that there's much appetite for raising the speed limits.
Maybe with a more full discussion, maybe that would change. I think the
gradual degradation is really a concern that the community's going to see.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: It seems very convoluted to increase speed so
that you can get an effective enforcement, so you can then lower speeds. I
took just a simple thing of the data, take the data and what does the data
tell us. You have a list here of 70 segments, and you're raising the rate in
14 of them. I looked at the 14 using two criteria that are available here.
One is the collision rate, and one is the access of kids, schools and
afterschool activity sites. If you take the collision rate, the median rate is
about 3.4, around 4. If you take above the median of collision rate, it's a
more dangerous intersection. Of the 14 that you're suggesting, you have
                                                                         Page 41 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
