                          TRANSCRIPT
process of using the Budget Stabilization Reserve to build a restroom at the
site.” (New Part D)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, did you want to speak to the Motion?

Council Member Holman: Yes. First off, thank you to the Sea Scouts for
restoring the building. As Allan mentioned, I was well aware of this ...

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry?

Male: Environmental Volunteers (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry, Sea Scout building. The Environmental
Volunteers for restoring the building. It was the Sea Scout building when
you first laid your hands on it. Thank you for that. It was falling into the
Bay; it was flooding; it was in pretty bad shape. Thank you for doing that.
I'm in favor of the Motion except what might be Part D there, which I'd like
broken out separately. I think right now it's a little bit uncertain whether
we'd do this from infrastructure or we'd do it from Budget Stabilization. How
would it be funded, what would be the best way to fund it? If "D" could be
broken off separately, I'd appreciate that. I'm certainly in favor of "A," "B"
and "C."

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Council, if I could just interject on "D." That
Item isn't specifically before you, agendized for tonight. I think it's fine for
the Council to indicate a direction to Staff to start the process of coming
back with some kind of recommendation or Action to fund the bathroom. I
would not recommend that the Council take any specific Action on that Item
tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     I'm hearing you want to direct Staff to begin the
process of ...

Ms. Stump: I suggest that you leave it open as to what's the best funding
mechanism to allow the regular Staff process to explore that and come back
to Council.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would direct Staff to begin the process of building a
restroom at the site and identifying the funding source.

MOTION PART D RESTATED: Direct Staff to begin the process of building
a restroom at the site and identifying a funding source.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.
                                                                             Page 15 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
