                          TRANSCRIPT
want, and to see what the impacts of that would be on that part of town. I
think we need to have some sense when we're actually giving these ideas
that we're also aware of what the impact of that will be, both on the
individual policy and program, but also on the whole Comp. Plan as a whole.
I don't think I have a sense of that. I echo concerns too for the measuring
of quality of life or even how do we care for parts of the community that do
not have adequate resources or ability to voice those concerns. I know this
Council has been privy to that with issues like Buena Vista and other things.
It seems to me that we are quickly on a path where, unless you are part of
the ultra-rich, you will not be a part of this community. I don't know how
we will plan for having representatives. I think Elaine said to see your
teacher down the street. Another community that I would just mention are
people in the faith community. The people leading most of the spiritual
communities here in Palo Alto, I would bet, are very hard-pressed to buy a
place, maybe even rent. You might find this hard to believe, people leading
faith communities do not make a lot of money. Don't believe what you see
on television; it's not true of all of us. I don't want to be fatalistic, but it
feels like there is something happening, and it seems to be happening
quicker than this process. I find that when we go to the meetings, there's
always something new, like with something we haven't considered before,
like all of a sudden now everyone's renting their houses out to families that
have come down for the day and now how is this going to matter. I also
raised at the last one, I noticed there's not much about hotels and facilities
like that in the plan and how do we understand those. I know they're huge
revenue makers. For example, for us, we're going to be booted out if a
hotel is built on San Antonio Road. There's 22 small businesses there that
service Palo Alto that for sure will not be able to find another place to be in
Palo Alto if we put that hotel there. Bottom line, I just want to say this is a
group of a lot of passion, intelligence. I learn something from everyone
every time I go. I really appreciate it. It would helped by having our views
more clearly expressed in some way so we can begin to put the main
pieces—my main thing is I'd like to grapple with them more directly so we
can put the main pieces on the table. I think I concur with Council Member
DuBois' suggestion of the possibility of a prioritization. Some kind of what
goals are we hoping to achieve so that we, when we're meeting, can actually
hold each other accountable to that, so that there's some sense of where are
we headed and how do we get there together. Thanks for the opportunity to
do this. It's been great for me. Appreciate all your work.

Mr. Garber: Alex, thank you. I believe my Co-Chair has a few comments
before I pass it back to the Mayor with his patience and the rest of yours.

Mr. Keller: Thank you. I'm pleased to be working with such a thoughtful
and distinguished group of citizens on the CAC. I think it's been a very
                                                                             Page 78 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
