                          TRANSCRIPT
in Palo Alto is the priority, whether it's always going to be at that site,
whether it's always going to be only that use at that site. Those are
separate questions. We may move forward with confirming those as well,
but they are separate questions. Something that I have heard discussion of
in the recent and more distant past—I just want to make sure it's on the
table, speaking to something that is not a community consensus at this
point. It's my view but it's certainly not a consensus view at this point, but I
think it's worth discussing. The future of access by non-Palo Alto residents
to Foothills Park for, I would suggest, a fee. I think the future of Foothills
Park as a place that non-Palo Alto residents can visit through the main
entrance for which we would collect a fee is an appropriate future for
Foothills Park. I would be very open to having that discussion and also
looking at, whether on weekends or holidays, the fee for non-Palo Alto
residents—especially if they're driving, coming through the main entrance at
Foothills Park—would be a higher fee. We currently do allow non-Palo Alto
residents to enter Foothills Park as long as they go in through one of the
back entrances. I think we may as well start having that conversation about
what would be an appropriate fee structure. We as Palo Alto residents and
those who contribute to the Palo Alto tax base contribute the funds
necessary to maintain that treasure for our community just like our
Baylands, which is open to non-Palo Alto residents, and just like Arastradero,
which is open to non-Palo Alto residents. I think even if there is a fee
structure associated with it, having essentially a private club that is
exclusive only to Palo Alto residents or their accompanied guests sends the
wrong message and doesn't really speak to the inclusive values of our
community. I look forward to continuing that conversation.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to just hit a few topics that some of my colleagues have
already touched upon. One is on the restrooms. We really haven't spoken
very much about where those tensions have historically been focused
between the desire for additional restrooms and the pushback. I think if we
look at those and try to reduce them, then we move forward a lot more
readily. One has been after-hours security. We don't want restrooms in
neighborhood parks to basically become homeless camps. That's been the
intention. I haven't heard anything about whether we simply today can use
remote electronic security systems and largely address that. Is that the
case? Is that the thinking?

Mr. de Geus: Mayor Burt, that's exactly right. We have automatic locking
doors that we can program at any time. Also design of the restroom and
where it's located and lighting can alleviate a lot of those concerns.

Mayor Burt: Even maybe some opportunities for some automation in the
cleaning and things like that. Has that been shared with the neighborhoods
                                                                        Page 28 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
