                          TRANSCRIPT
bases that have been determined by the County for some other entity, how
do we know that they apply to Palo Alto projects? We have faced this
before, and we used a—I won't pick on any particular standard—some
standards that don't apply to Palo Alto in the least. How do we determine
what standard really we should be applying here for Palo Alto for a project?
Because the markets change—this happens for LOS or for VMT too—you'll
have a different impact today than you will five years from now, 20 years
now, but we're approving a project today. Did that all make sense?

Mr. Milam: It makes a lot of sense actually. VMT actually makes you think
differently about your transportation network and the performance you
expect. When you look at level of service in contrast, you just look at the
individual intersection or roadway segment and you look at how much delay
is being caused. When you think about VMT, you can think of it much
deeper than that. You can think of it in terms of travel markets. When you
think about everyone that's coming into Palo Alto, what are they coming in
for? Those are different travel markets if they're coming here to work
versus shop, two different markets. If they're coming here for educational
purposes, that's a third market. When you think of travel markets, you can
actually look at each of those and influence them differently based on again
your land use or transportation decisions. That's one of the things that also
big data is helping us to better understand about individual communities.
We're doing some work, for example, at UC Davis right now, where we've
been looking at where do all their faculty and staff travel from and then
where do the students that live off campus come from. That was data they
didn't really have a good source for. Now we do by tracking these mobile
devices. As you start looking at VMT, you can start asking yourselves
questions. Are there certain travel markets we're trying to encourage? Are
there other travel markets we're trying to discourage?                Are the
transportation and land use decisions we're making aligned with that?
You're going to have a little bit more influence if you start thinking in those
terms. As it relates to the data, the models, the tools, what happens in a lot
of communities is they don't have the resources oftentimes to create all the
data they want or to develop the best models, and they'll defer to the county
or the regional agency. Not all communities do that. If this is an important
community value, how much vehicle travel are we generating and by what
sources, they'll typically build their own model. They'll go out and pay and
collect their own data. That's an option that any city or county has to create
those better tools.

Council Member Holman: One just really quick one. Do communities do
that based in large part by Business Registries or—just give me a couple or
three examples of what they use to do that.

                                                                        Page 12 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
