                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: As far as timeline, because we're talking about
what's the most appropriate use of our time here—the most expeditious way
to get relief especially for Southgate where there's danger issues and others.
Which would be faster, to explore the signage changing, painting changing,
etc., or to set up an RPP? Which would be able to get on the ground faster
while exploring the other perhaps as a long-term buffer solution?

Ms. Atkinson: I would expect that the engineering solutions would be the
short-term solution, and would be able to be implemented faster than an
RPP program.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'd like to ask a strategy question. This RPP
program is getting very complicated. It's growing and it's going to take
longer that we thought it would to reach a solution. We have in place a
December 2014 Ordinance for Citywide RPP program. It's likely to bring in
other neighborhoods to us shortly because of nonresident parking intrusion.
Would the City Manager recommend that we suspend consideration of any
comprehensive plan scenario that brings in new jobs above additional
employed residents until this RPP issues is fully resolved?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I think we're getting off of the focus
of tonight's discussion. We have coming up our Scenario 5. You're talking
about an action that is outside of the agendized item tonight.

Council Member Schmid: Can we make a decision on RPP without having
some context of what's causing it?

Mayor Burt: We certainly don't have it agendized for discussion. That's a
broad community issue that the public should be able to weigh in on, and
that's really out of order. At this time, I'd like to proceed to the public. We
have a large number of speaker cards, larger yet apparently. We have
several groupings. Per our policies, we allow five members of the public to
combine and then speak for up to 10 minutes. That's usually to help
consolidate—it's two purposes. To allow a group of people to have a longer,
more thoughtful presentation and to be more efficient. When we have this
many speaker cards, we would be limiting the time per speaker to two
minutes, so we don't anything under our current rules by allowing the
consolidation. Nevertheless, it's permitted. I say this as an encouragement.
For those who have consolidated in groupings, you have up to 10 minutes to
speak. If you're able to convey your message in five minutes, that would be
great to allow us to have the prospect of actually completing this item
                                                                        Page 77 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
