                           TRANSCRIPT
the safest thing either.   Can you comment on either one or both of those
please?

Mr. Mello: Could you clarify the first questions? Trees within a median in
the roadway?

Council Member Holman:         We've got these bulb extensions or curb
extensions and you could say bulb-outs, whatever. In the older parts of
town, they have trees that are in the street. They're accepted. I don't know
if there's any way to introduce those in the street or in the parking area at
least in the older parts. Is there any way to introduce trees into those
streets?

Mr. Mello: We could look at additional opportunities to add street trees. Are
you particularly interested in the Bryant Street corridor?

Council Member Holman: The current Motion covers more than just Bryant
Street, but the wider boulevards. It's for two reasons. It's to slow traffic,
make it safer, potentially maybe in some occasions separate bikes from cars.
Also a comment that we hear a lot from South Palo Alto residents is that it's
lacking in street trees, where North Palo Alto has a lot more because of its
design nature. It's related to the bike safety and bike paths, but if you could
look at that and respond. The rolled curb versus vertical curb, that isn't part
of this project, but do you have any thought on safety and ...

Mr. Mello: We can look at adding additional street trees as we enter the
final design phase. There may be opportunities that don't affect parking
substantially.   As far as rolled curb, we actually just produced an
informational handout that's been posted on the City website, remind folks
the proper way to park at rolled curb. There seems to be several streets
around town where people have gradually migrated up onto the sidewalk
and actually created a wider travel way, increasing speed. We're trying to
get people to start parking more on the roadway itself. I don't think
wholesale reconstruction in the curbing would be a wise investment of the
Bike Plan funding. In the areas where we're recommending curb extensions
and other infrastructure along the curb, we'd probably be installing vertical
curbing in places where there's currently rolled curbing.

Council Member Holman: I think the Comprehensive Plan says that when
curbs are redone, they're supposed to revert to vertical curbs, but we
haven't done that. Thank you.

MOTION RESTATED:           Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to:

                                                                        Page 55 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
