                          TRANSCRIPT
of my—many of my Air Board colleagues leave for New Orleans in the
morning, but I felt it was important to stay in town.

Mayor Burt: There you go. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to mention that last Tuesday I did a
ride along with a member of our Police Department. It was not your typical
ride-along. During what was a very quiet shift Tuesday afternoon, news
came in about a San Jose police officer, a motorcycle officer, who was killed
while on his bike. Like countless other law enforcement agencies from the
region, Palo Alto sent somebody to represent the Police Department. They
actually asked the officer who I was doing my ride-along with to go down
and to represent Palo Alto. I joined him for that. The way it works is we
went to the hospital and accompanied the fallen officer to the coroner's
office, from east San Jose to west San Jose. There were law enforcement
representatives in vehicles, on bike or in cars, lined up, all lights flashing,
driving slowly. From where we were at approximately the middle of the line,
even on 280, 680 where you're making big sweeping turns, you can see
pretty far. I could not see the front of the line. I could not see the end of
the lights in front, and I could not see the end of the lights in the back. I'm
obviously not a cop, but I'm a motorcyclist. Of course, the member of our
police force who I was with, he's not a motorcyclist, but he's a police officer.
It really drove home the dangers that are out there in the world. I can't
imagine anything driving home for me the importance and the significance of
what our police force does every single day and the risks that they take. I
would just ask that we all remember Officer Michael Katherman from San
Jose Police Department, and that we all thank our police officers. Please
drive and ride carefully and watch out for bikes, whether motorized or not.

Mayor Burt: I just wanted to share that last Friday evening my wife and I
went to the opening of the art exhibit, the ceramics at the art museum. It's
really a great exhibit. I encourage everybody to go. On Saturday evening, I
got to attend the annual Achieve Kids event.            That's a real under-
appreciated asset for our community. The Executive Director was retiring
after 15 years. We have a new Executive Director who handles both our
facility and the San Jose facility. It's important to remember what a really
important role they play in the community. Finally for those who didn't
make it, we had World Music Day yesterday. It was another great event.
Claude Ezran and all the volunteers who put that on along with our Staff
deserve a lot of credit. It was really very well attended. It's become a great
annual event. Council Member Holman, you wanted to close the meeting.



                                                                        Page 115 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
