                          TRANSCRIPT
Under this agreement, Motivate will handle all the maintenance and
(crosstalk) and operations.

Council Member DuBois:       It's really a financial analysis.    I was just
wondering. Obviously you save a lot of costs, but then you have to spend
that money picking up the bikes. I was curious if we looked at that tradeoff.
I really did want to understand the financial assumptions a little bit better.
Do we know what the life expectancy of the bikes are?

Mr. Mello: Five to seven years is the average.

Council Member DuBois: There was a cost in here of $5,700 a bike. Is that
right? Page 653.

Mr. Mello: The cost before you tonight is $1,705 per bike. The additional
cost is the station installation. That's how we get to the $1.1 million.

Council Member DuBois: That was spread out over all the bikes. The $100
per bike per month when we go over 350 bikes, does that include the first
350 or is it just the incremental above?

Mr. Mello: It's incremental. The first 350 will be free operations for the life
of the contract.

Council Member DuBois: It said we potentially would need 0.5 to 1.0 FTE to
operate this on City Staff. What would City Staff do that Motivate wouldn't
do?

Mr. Mello: They would need to monitor the contract performance. We're
anticipating putting in certain performance measures, trips per day per bike.
A certain percentage need to be in good operation, a good state of repair.
There's going to be certain performance measures built into the contract
that we'll need to monitor. I also see us playing a fairly significant role in
assisting with marketing, meeting with different entities to try to achieve
buy-in and financial support for the system to go beyond 350 bicycles. I
think there's an opportunity to coordinate bike share and development
review and TDM and some of our TMA efforts. I don't necessarily know that
it would be an entire half-time or full-time person; that was our best
estimate. I think it would be naïve to think we wouldn't need a Staff person
to keep an eye on the system and keep an eye on our $1 million investment
just to make sure that we're meeting those performance goals that we set.

Council Member DuBois: That Staff person is for Phase 1, not after seeing if
Phase 1 works.


                                                                        Page 90 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
