                           TRANSCRIPT
certainly not the same thing. If our goal is to make sure that people have
reasonably priced roofs over their head, then let's stick to that and figure
out whatever it takes to do that. If our goal is to encourage people to live in
a particular type of place or to tell people we want you to own and not rent,
that's a different goal. We can have an argument and a good discussion
about whether that's also a useful goal. I actually think the opposite, that
we need more rental places. There are a lot of people in Palo Alto who
would be very, very happy to rent. There are about 45 percent of Palo
Altans now who do rent. A lot of people prefer that choice. I don't think
that should be our goal. Since I heard that stated by the maker of the
original Motion as one of his priorities, I just want to say that I don't think
that's the point of this discussion. I will be supporting the amendment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: As I think about this, I want to go back to the
balance here. One of the characteristics of it is if we get it wrong, at least
from the perspective of affordable housing, it's not as big a deal as we might
think. If the fee is a little bit higher than it should be, we get a little bit less
development, if in fact we do. It offsets itself a little bit versus a lower fee
and more development. I go back to Commissioner Waldfogel's comment
about it doesn't appear that impact fees make, at this level anyway, a big
impact on how developers make decisions. I concur with Vice Mayor
Scharff. I think we ought to be focusing on the ability to build housing, not
sending messages and symbols and stuff like that. The question in my mind
as we talk about this is if we cut the impact fee in half, will we get twice as
much development as a result? That's what it would take to get the same
amount of money.          I certainly don't believe it's true for office/R&D
development. Is it true for rental development? I don't know. That's
what's going through my mind as I think about that. If we cut the fee in
half, are we going to get twice as much stuff built? That's what it would
take to keep the same amount of support for affordable housing.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of clarifying comments. I don't think
affordable housing and encouraging home ownership are incompatible.
We're talking about a fee for market-rate rental versus, say, condos. At that
level, these are going to be market rate; they're going to be very expensive.
We're talking about $25 a square foot for market rate. Given a preference, I
would like to build more affordable, ownership properties, so those will be
maybe more condos. I'd like to be able to generate money for affordable
housing and really generate a reasonable amount there. I don't think
anyone said we want to be the highest rate for the sake of being the highest

                                                                             Page 66 of 114
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                   Final Minutes: 12/12/16
