                          TRANSCRIPT
mention there was a lot of interest in greater data. I don't know how much
our census data has been really broken down for purposes of the Comp. Plan
considerations. I'll tell you that when we did South of Forest Avenue (SOFA)
Plan and as I thought back on it, this was actually performed by grassroots
data hounds in the neighborhood. We had great information from the
census tract analysis. People really dove into it, and it was extremely
informative. That was the late '90s, so that data was seven years old at the
time that we used it. It wasn't more current than what we would have today
if we drew off the 2010. We certainly recognize that that's imperfect, but it
was very informative. Council Member Berman, let me let you go next. I
think we're going to need to try to have Council Members focus on the CEQA
part. In fact, before you go, can I let our Staff just provide a little more
context on project versus program EIR, so that when we discuss EIRs we'll
have that in mind.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'll just draw
your attention to the orientation booklet we put together. There is a page in
here, Page 11 that has a brief summary of what a program EIR is. A
program EIR is what was prepared on the existing Comp. Plan. It's a
technique that's used generally when you're looking at a large programmatic
or planning document. As the name suggests, it looks at the potential
effects of that program as a whole just out of necessity at a higher level of
detail than you would be able to do on a—I'm sorry—a lower level of detail
than you'd be able to do on specific project.          The theory being that
development will occur during the life of the Comprehensive Plan that
development will be subject to its own CEQA review. That's the point at
which you can get into detail on site-specific impacts of a specific project. At
the present time, the programmatic analysis lets you look at the overall
impacts of growth that will happen under the Comp. Plan over the next 15
years and allows you to assess and mitigate those overarching impacts. I'll
draw your attention to that too. I'm not sure—I'll take the opportunity to
say I'm not sure we explicitly referenced this handout that was prepared
about the interlinking of the Comp. Plan with the S/CAP, but that's available
in the back of the room for people who don't have a copy. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you very much. Like my colleagues all said
earlier, thank you all so much for participating over the past six months and
for the next year. It's a remarkable amount of work. You guys had a lot of
suggestions tonight on how the process can be better, whether it's more
data or deeper dives or more meetings or having a role in different
elements. Even with all those suggestions for improvement, I'm actually
amazed that the process is working so well so far. Eight or nine months
                                                                             Page 81 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
