                          TRANSCRIPT
awarded citation for a great district, we got a height that's higher than is
allowed. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Craig Lewis, to be followed by
Robert Laubach.

Craig Lewis: Mayor Burt, Council Members, pleasure to be here tonight. My
name is Craig Lewis. I'm the Founder and Executive Director of the Clean
Coalition. We are the nonprofit organization that was hired by the City to
design the RFP that initiated this project to get solar on top of originally the
five City-owned parking structures and to also try our best to make sure we
got a whole lot of new electric vehicle charging infrastructure at the same
time, which we successfully accomplished. The Clean Coalition was also
involved in helping to design the lease agreement. We're intimately involved
in all of the details and the tremendous amount of work that has been
conducted by the Staff here in Palo Alto as well as by the developer. It's a
couple of years of very significant work. I'm here to encourage you all to
make sure that we support the Staff recommendations and ensure that the
tremendous amount of work that has been conducted will be satisfied here
tonight in a way that continues to be economical for the developer. These
are very price sensitive deals. You cut back and shrink the size of the
projects, if you add a lot of costs going through an extremely expensive
Architectural Review Board process that was not in anybody's intention at
the beginning of this whole thing, that also can easily kill the deal, which I
think we do not want to do. I don't think anybody up there wants to kill this
deal. What I will say is that the Clean Coalition works with municipalities
and utilities around the country. In 10 years, I'm very confident that the
types of projects that we're talking about putting on these parking structures
are going to be standard. We're going to see these kind of retrofits
everywhere. If we don't, we're wasting a lot of usable space for local
renewable energy siting opportunities. We will see these. We're already
seeing them very frequently.         You drive down 280, you see them
increasingly being sited on the roofs of the parking structures. One of the
values that is not being talked about here is the value of the shading and the
protection from the weather on the tops of these parking structures. That is
significant value and something you all should take into consideration. I just
also want to say that Palo Alto has been a leader in streamlining the process
to get these types of projects in Palo Alto. The creation of Palo Alto CLEAN,
the couple of years of intense work to get this project to where it is, is an
opportunity for Palo Alto to be in the lead. I really strongly encourage you
to adopt and support the Staff recommendation, to go with the Staff
recommendation and make sure that these projects get put forward and that
we see this type of leadership here in Palo Alto as the rest of the world
follows.
                                                                         Page 52 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
