                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Advice from others. There was no advice from—
I'll just give you a list of some of the representations I don't see here.
Residents, architects, horticulture and natural environment folks. There's
one person here with land use expertise. There's no Architectural Review
Board (ARB) or Historic Resources Board (HRB) person here.              Peter
Drekmeier is water, but to what extent? I'm talking about water in the
matters we've been talking about lately. There's no air quality. There's a lot
of absences. You said "and others." It seems to be kind of heavy on some.
How was this supposed to be balanced?

Mr. Friend: This group was constituted to bring together the range of
expertise that we thought could help us build a Sustainability and Climate
Action Plan.     We figured that the balancing would come in other
engagements more broadly with the community. This is a tight working
group with, as you see here, a pretty massive technical Agenda that we had
to get through with minimal Staff. It wasn't constituted as something like a
Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC). It's a different process that we had in
mind here.

Council Member Holman: I'll hold comments. There are a few other—not to
get into too much detail. There are some other things where it seems like—
I'm going to sound critical here, but there are just questions that I have
because I don't understand why yes or why not. On Page 41 of Attachment
A, that has to do with getting smart about water. Again, it's been such a
conversation in the community that on Page 41, on the second bolded
incentivizing water harvesting and downspout disconnections, it talks about
redirecting water in various forms instead of sending it down storm drains.
At the same time, there's no mention of how we're dewatering basements,
and the water goes down the storm drains. There were two or three areas
where I think it was just like we've put our head in the sand, where it's
maybe selectively less politically sensitive to go there or something. Help
me understand why we're looking at this, not that.

Mr. Friend: It's more that there are other processes under way dealing with
the dewatering issue. As I understand it, it's not been completely settled, so
we figured that would happen outside the scope of this report for now and
even be integrated as we came to conclusions about how to proceed.

Council Member Holman: It seems like it should be—if this is policy and
strategy, it seems like it should be in there. Another one. This will not
surprise you at all. Regeneration and the natural environment, again there
are absences. It doesn't talk about expanding park space, expanding
canopy, rehabilitation of habitat, restoration. None of those things are


                                                                        Page 25 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
