                          TRANSCRIPT
increases productivity. Raising wages again brings back money to the
businesses that pay it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jessica Lyman to be followed by Tim Stannard.

Jessica Lynam: Mayor and members of the Council, Jessica Lynam on behalf
of the California Restaurant Association, the Palo Alto members. This
evening I'm here to express our concerns over such a high increase in a very
short amount of time. As I've previously testified, restaurants within this
community are receiving a four percent profit margin. It's very thin and a
very voluble community here within Palo Alto, even though the prosperity
seems great. You may have forgotten, but the City just instituted 9 months
ago a $2 minimum wage increase. Walking the streets of Downtown and
Cal. Ave. today, shock waves are still being felt. These are true stories that
I've heard just this afternoon. Tonight my members ask the Council to think
progressively and address the fact that not all businesses are the same nor
are all employees. Please avoid the unintended consequences of a blanket
minimum wage and include incentives to allow businesses to adapt to these
proposals. Extend the rate of the minimum wage timeline to July. The City
of San Francisco has a July implementation date, and it's not uncommon.
Allow for a tiered rate for tipped employees or just tiered rate in general.
Several other various cities have this, and it is not against Labor Code 351,
because you are not including tips. 351 simply addresses tips; we're not
trying to address that by including both of them into one proposal. Sorry, I
got all confused there. Nonetheless, we just really would like the Council to
continue with the State's 160 hours of the 85 percent minimum wage. It's
really just to allow my restaurateurs to continue employing youth. To
further point out Council Member Burt's comments, there are a lot of
inconsistencies regionally with allowing collective bargaining and not
allowing collective bargaining for some cities. There is no clean 15 approach
currently with the county. I would just like to further that going forward.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I have one more speaker card, but we won't be accepting more
cards after this time. Our next speaker is Tim Stannard, to be followed by
Alice Smith.

Tim Stannard: Thank you very much. I'm Tim Stannard. I own the
Mayfield Bakery in the Town and Country Center. I just wanted to start by
pointing out what I think is the sole silver lining here. It's that everybody in
the room agrees $15 an hour is a good wage. In fact, the restaurant
community thinks that $15 an hour may not be enough. We'd like to see
$15 an hour be the minimum wage for everybody. What we don't want to
see is $46 an hour be the minimum wage. What you have to remember

                                                                         Page 80 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
