                          TRANSCRIPT
C.    Completion of the Comprehensive Plan 2015-2030 Update with
      increased focus from Council.

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak more to it?

Council Member Schmid: I think the linkage is what's important in our
message to the Staff and to the public.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I actually agree with that. I couldn't agree more
that mobility is the highlight. I'm delighted Infrastructure seems to have
been solved. I think we've got to constantly maintain this ability to discern
between a recession and what is now an incredibly prosperous time. I would
submit that our great prosperity has allowed us to do some Infrastructure,
certainly as we go ahead with a Public Safety Building. To put mobility all on
its own—I know that Jim probably would like to speak to that as how would
Staff deal with that. It just makes more sense to me to put it back in and
say housing, mobility, parking, because those all go together for me. I'm
not quite sure, even though you made a great argument, Greg, why mobility
stands alone and what that would indicate to Staff.

Mr. Keene: Not yet, but when you're done with the Council Members, I'd
love to comment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for the amendment. I might have a
friendly amendment to the amendment. I think there's two things going on
here. One again, I think clarity of communication is really important. I
think we're getting caught up a little bit in the details here. To me, when
you read that list, it's like which thing doesn't belong in Built Environment,
infrastructure, housing, parking and livability and mobility. I just think
infrastructure is there whether it's Built Environment or not. I just think it's
confusing communicating to the public what the Priority is. Again, I agree
that mobility should be an additional focus. I guess my friendly amendment
to the amendment would be rather than just listing mobility under the Built
Environment, to say the focus is on housing, parking, livability with a
particular emphasis on mobility. I think they're related, they need to be
together.

Council Member Kniss:       (inaudible) see what Greg says, but I think
(inaudible).



                                                                          Page 44 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
