                          TRANSCRIPT
need to face. We're bringing an Item to Policy and Services next month and
to Council in an interval after that, looking at what should we do about EV
infrastructure. Should we, for example, be collecting fees for charging?
Should we build that out more? In a world of 80-mile range electric
vehicles, the charging infrastructure is critically important, because people
can't commute in and commute home without nervousness about being able
to get home. In a world of 200-mile range vehicles, that may be less
important. That becomes a challenge for us of thinking about how much
infrastructure do we want to either put in ourselves or encourage third-party
vendors to put in. You're hitting a bunch of questions that we need to get to
as we look at the specific implementation strategies here.

Council Member Kniss: Let me just sum it. I think this is an ambitious and
laudable plan. I think it's something we certainly should work toward. At
the same time, I think that we need to realistically say that there are some
aspects of this that are going to be pretty hard to attain. Also, there are
going to be some dramatic changes along the way, especially when Greg
calls for his automatic car. I'm certainly hoping I can get one at the same
time. That's it for me. Thanks.

Mr. Friend: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: If I might just add a moment here where we had one of our
speakers, Stuart Bernstein who mentioned that he's on our Sustainability
Advisory Council. He talked that the favorable changes in technology and
costs are occurring much more rapidly than government bodies had been
projecting and other expert had been projecting even recently. As we often
get in Palo Alto—this is part of what we call our Palo Alto process—it is
having some exceptional experts just residing and participating in our
community. Mr. Bernstein didn't mention that he's head of Goldman Sachs
Venture Capital and Clean Tech Groups. When he speaks, he speaks with
not only knowledge and authority, but behind what are multibillion dollar
investments that backup what he's saying. What we've seen already in
terms of technology progression is liable to be accelerating. We certainly
didn't think just a few years ago that we could book solar projects, our next
ones, at four cents a kilowatt hour. It's phenomenal the transformation
that's occurring. I think it goes back to this concept earlier of if we were to
attempt right now to try to figure out the exact path by which we would get
to, say, an 80 percent by 2030 goal, that would be a different story from
what we may determine five years from now. On the other hand, when our
Councils in the past set a 20 percent renewable electricity goal, that seemed
extremely ambitious. When we went to 33 percent under the same budget,
that seemed extremely ambitious. The technology cost reduction curve
occurred to the point where we went to carbon neutrality, booking projects
                                                                        Page 77 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
