                          TRANSCRIPT
are here and do not support this. I'm here for three reasons. I am a
broker. I am an Eichler specialist. I'm a real estate agent. I am here to
speak for the people of the younger generation who absolutely love these
homes so much. It's something very, very important to us. I wanted to
show the demand of these Eichler homes. I think that people here have
been very, very misinformed about your property values. I was trying to
address certain things that have been brought up here.              If you look
statistically at Google searches, what homebuyers want, Curb magazine
actually put out an article just last year saying that Eichlers and mid-century
modern architecture is the number one search from homebuyers. If you
look at statistics that I will happily send anybody here, I will show you stats
of original Eichlers and Eichlers that have had second stories put on them or
been remodeled horribly. They sell for a higher price; original Eichlers sell
for a higher price. I just want to make that very clear. I see it every day. I
have so many things to say to counteract all these other things that have
been said. As far as what homebuyers want, the average home on the
market that's over 3,000 or 4,000 square feet sits on the market. These
buyers that I see every day, on average seven per week, have around $3
million just to purchase an Eichler, and they will not live in anything else. I
had sent some example; I don't know if you can put them up, just images
showing you examples of all these stats that prove this. We are in our
primetime, and the problem is that the realtors that were selling these 10
years ago still think that the buyers have the same mindset. They don't. I
just really would like to stress that this so important to us. We really are in
our primetime. For our posterity. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Our next speaker is Zeev Wurman, to be followed by Gay
Baldwin.

Zeev Wurman: Good evening. My name is Zeev Wurman. I live on
Stockton Place. I'm an owner of two-story house, so I'm grandfathered. I
should be happy. Why should I object to other people being limited? It just
increases my house value. However, I object to the SSO because I think it's
unfair. My own story is like many people already mentioned. I started with
a small house; I had two kids, then I got twins. Guess what? I should have
bought a bigger house, but I couldn't afford it in Palo Alto. I could afford to
add a second story. That's what I did. We added it in what I consider a
very considerate manner. We put a setback. Our windows on the side are
high, so kids cannot look down on the neighbors. The window to the back
have high trays. Very simple, no big deal; it can work. It worked very well
for us. Now, somebody mentioned that no Eichler was demolished over 60
years. We tell this is so, so clearly people are not doing crazy things. We
have only 18 two-story houses, it was mentioned before. That's nine
percent (inaudible) a friend of mine who is for; I'm against. Clearly the
                                                                         Page 74 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
