                          TRANSCRIPT
served. I could mention the veterans homelessness among that population,
but it's really the whole homeless population. I hope we can create blue
skies. We had a really, I think, successful veterans appreciation event this
year. It was the first one we've ever done. At the same time, we couldn't
end war. We aim high. We aim high here. We need to continue to aim
high. We know what we can't accomplish everything, but that doesn't mean
we should lower our sights. This year we with Staff took it to the streets
literally in a couple of different ways. We did the Meet the Street event
which was an initiative that helped, as Faith Bell spoke, that introduced a lot
of people who had not visited before some of the side street businesses. It
was in many ways a successful event. At least some aspects of that will be
continuing next year. It's a way to get people to introduce themselves or
get introduced to the new stores and the stores that have been there for a
long time that people haven't discovered because they're on a side street,
because they're on not the main drag. We also took it to the streets by
visiting neighborhoods. Along with some colleagues who also signed onto a
Colleagues Memo, we had our first two neighborhood Town Hall meetings.
Those stretched from San Antonio Road to San Francisquito Creek. We had
neighborhoods that extended that far that came together for a couple of
Town Hall meetings. By all accounts, they seemed to be very successful and
well received. The most important thing that we do here up on this dais and
out in the public is represent you, the public. I thought what I would do—
I'm sorry. I meant to have these up on the screen. I got called, and it just
didn't happen. I thought I'd read a couple of letters; they're brief. They're
from kids in the community. We start them young in this community. I
think you'll see that these are representative of the public at large. This one
was dated December 16 of this year. "Dear Mayor Holman, I have a
problem. Can you please help me? Most of the people just drop stuff
instead of throwing them in the trash can. Can you please put signs that
say please do not litter. P.S. I'm still a first grader." The other one is—I
think you'll see how it's representative of the public at large too. Again, we
start them young. This one was actually sent more than a year ago. "Dear
Mayor, I need you to have a talk with everybody that litters, because I saw
16 cigarettes, two thumb tacks and a pen all on the ground and many other
things too. I've had enough." We do start them early here. I think that the
comments from these kids do mirror, quite frankly, the community's
comments. Most importantly, I want to thank all of you. It's the public—
sorry. It's you, the public, that make this all worthwhile. It's you, the
public, that make this place what it is. I'm so sorry. It's your commitment,
your intelligence, your intellect, your experience, your expertise, your time
and your care, that you care so much about this community. It has been
my pleasure and honor to serve you this year. I look forward to another
productive year of this Council working together as colleagues. I thank you
all very much.
                                                                         Page 18 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/4/16
