                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Can we vote on that without further discussion? That fails on a
5-4 vote with Council Member Schmid and DuBois and Holman and Filseth
voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Schmid yes

Council Member Holman: Can I say why I will oppose this motion?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, be brief if you can.

Council Member Holman: Maybe the prior motion failed because I was
trying to be brief and didn't go into the reasons. I think we would be much
more prudent to direct Staff to return with a planning study with visuals to
demonstrate in just very specific locations what a scenario that we can
identify, that we really want to investigate, would look like. We, I believe,
have not addressed previously or directed Staff on coming back with options
on how to address the loss of housing units including demolition and Airbnb.
I think it would be prudent to delay the DEIR for Scenario 5 until the Council
and the CAC have had a chance to have an exchange with each other to
hear where the CAC is coming from, what ideas they have. This is after all
what their charge is. I agree that the performance-based policies and
mitigation measures that are in Table—whatever page it is—4 need to have
Council discussion. To continue with a Motion this evening is to segment our
consideration and lose direction. I will be opposing the motion.

Mayor Burt: Got it. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I have one here that I hope is going to be
constructive. On Scenario A, let me ...

Mayor Burt: Option A?

Council Member Filseth: Option A, sorry. Let me try three reasons why I
think it might be a good idea to move the housing number actually to the
Scenario 2 number of 2,720. The first is a big part of the value I see in
here—I like this—is that it isolates the housing number. That means the
range on it is going to tell us about the impacts of housing, because most of
the other stuff is the same. That's a good thing. It extends the range a
little bit if we do that. Second, Stanford is going to build 2,000 graduate
students units, and that's going to suck several hundred ...

Mayor Burt: Sorry. Go ahead.

Council Member Filseth: Stanford is building 2,000 graduate student units,
and that's going to suck several hundred units out of this area. If you put

                                                                      Page 120 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
