                         TRANSCRIPT
assess the particular characteristics of that program including the local
benefits that are somewhat unique to the CLEAN program in order to
support that rate. This is more of an art than a science. That rate is not
before us tonight. I haven't completely studied up and reviewed all the
various cost and benefit components that went into that rate. As a general
rule, Ms. Mullen who works in my office, her statement is correct. That's the
standard that we are always looking at when we're looking at proposals from
the Utilities Department, the UAC and the Council.

Mr. Abendschein: I think one of the key differences here is that the CLEAN
program is available not just to customers but to anybody who can develop
a solar system in Palo Alto. In that sense, it's a wholesale energy purchase.
You can, for example—this is actually the way a lot of these projects are
developing—have a billing owner in Palo Alto who rents a roof out to a solar
developer. The solar developer essentially treats it as land. Essentially we
are buying at a certain contract rate from that developer. It's different in
that it's not a rate that's imposed on a specific customer activity.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I could read what you say as though that
800 solar power customers can request to get the CLEAN rate than the NEM
rate. Is that what you have said? Is that we're voting tonight?

Mr. Abendschein: They would have to sign a 20-year contract, reconfigure
their metering. It would be an expensive conversion. We think that's a very
unlikely outcome of this.

Ms. Stump: Council Member Schmid, this is an important point. Power
purchase agreements, which our CLEAN program involves a power purchase
agreement, is a different category. There is an element of buying power in
the NEM program, of course, but it's really at a consumer level, and it
involves this give and take of someone who's primarily a power customer.
The power purchase agreements are somewhat different. The utility is not
required to always purchase only the least expensive power. Prop 26 and
Prop 218 on the water side don't require that. They do allow reasonable
decisions about entering into contracts for perhaps a slightly more expensive
power source for appropriate reasons. Our utility has pursued that, pursued
some green goals on purchasing, and perhaps in some cases has paid more
for power, paid more for longer-term contracts, more secure contracts,
contracts with companies that have a more sound financial footing, etc. All
of those are business negotiations that are appropriate, and they're
somewhat different than the consumer level.

Mayor Burt: We don't want to have tonight's discussion be principally
around the CLEAN program. It's around the net metering. Just to help on

                                                                      Page 25 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
