                          TRANSCRIPT
counts on for its General Fund. Ending employee RPP permits will not move
one-third of the neighborhood parkers out of the neighborhoods and into the
garages after Phase One ends.         Many low-income shift and part-time
workers simply can't pay or public transit doesn't work for them. You've had
testimony about that today. Their parking behavior now indicates that many
of their employers aren't going to pay either. The alternatives to street
parking, a new garage and a fully functioning TMA, are still only ideas yet to
be implemented.       It's really a breach of faith to have brought all
stakeholders together to design a program that's being dismantled now
without consulting all the stakeholders. There's no data-driven rationale for
doing that. The Business Sector is, frankly, confused. The retailers are
increasingly distressed. You have a letter in front of you signed by 25
Downtown retailers, not counting the ones who came and spoke to you
today, whose concerns stem from a lack of parking for their employees and
how that will impact their ability to hire employees. If you do this and you
don't allow them to have a place for their employees to park, they will be
adversely impacted according to the Vehicle Code. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Next speaker is Russ Cohen, followed
by Simon Chintz.

Russ Cohen: Russ Cohen with the Downtown Association. Let's play Palo
Alto myth busters. Myth number one, the business community has been the
cause of Downtown's parking problems. Truth is the business community
has always been willing to help solve Downtown's parking problems. We
have, in fact, paid for the building of parking garages throughout Downtown.
We help maintain those garages at a significant cost each year, and the
business community has been a member of every City stakeholder group
from RPP to TMA and more. Myth number two, rapid office growth has
caused the parking demand issues Downtown. Truth is the City's own
studies as part of the Downtown Office Cap Study have proven that a large
number of office workers take public transit, walk, bike or carpool and rarely
drive to work alone. Myth number three, the goal of the TMA is to reduce
the parking demands driven by the business community. Truth is the goal of
the TMA is to reduce single occupancy vehicle trips by 30 percent, not 400
vehicles. The TMA, while paid for in large part by the business community,
will explore ways to move both employees and anyone else who wants to
come to Downtown. Myth number four, a reduction in employee parking
permits over a period of the next 10 years will give the City time to consider
building a parking garage. The Council has had multiple opportunities to
begin this process, and they have yet to seize those opportunities. Myth
number five, the RPP stakeholders group reached consensus and decided the
number of employee permits should be reduced each year for the next 10
years, eventually to zero.        Truth is Norm Beamer is in error.       The
                                                                        Page 28 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
