                          TRANSCRIPT
this, you bring up a regional model to track the trips.    I'll bring up Menlo
Park in a minute.

Mayor Burt: Are you referring to Packet Page ...

Council Member Kniss: I'm sorry, Packet Page 49. It came up in a number
of places, where you talked about—I want to make sure I read it clearly.

Mayor Burt: Page 27.

Council Member Kniss: VMT allows it to be easier to judge a project
regionally, if we wish to do that, than it would have been to do LOS. That's
how I read it.

Mr. Milam:     That's a reasonable interpretation.       When you think of
measuring VMT in the way OPR has specified it, we're supposed to do what
I'm going to call a full accounting of the VMT, keep track of the trip wherever
it started and wherever it ended, even if it ends outside the City limits.
From a regional perspective, you're evaluating projects on a much broader
scale. When you look at level of service, it's pretty myopic. It's intersection
by intersection or road segment by road segment. There is a difference in
the scale of impact that you're considering.

Council Member Kniss: I have often thought of that. We worry a great deal
about traffic in Palo Alto, but we have cities on either side and a university
that are adding substantially to their square footage. I wanted to ask about
that. You had a long discussion about Facebook's growth and what would
happen to Menlo Park. I think by 2040 they will be at 45,000. I know that's
what it says in the notes; you don't need to look it up. I know it said that.
That really begs looking at this regionally long-term. If you're going to get
that amount of impact just slightly to the north—we know there's a lot of
impact coming from the south—I would really urge us to look at a regional
solution or at least a regional evaluation of what is happening. It looked to
me like VMT was the most obvious. One last thing on this at least for now.
Looking at the LOS in Menlo Park, maybe you could explain it a little further.
I have a daughter that lives slightly north, and I drive through Menlo Park all
the time. It's the worst possible traffic. I think it's worse than we are on El
Camino in Palo Alto. The length of time I wait—I think they even still have
their red light photos that go off; although, I've gotten very careful about
crossing those two streets, believe me. Maybe you could say a little more.

Ms. Peters: Certainly. I think the distinction here is between what the city's
goals are in terms of policy and how they determine the effects of new
development on their roadways and what triggers an impact versus the
actual, lived experience. I think in response to maybe decades of growth
                                                                        Page 14 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
