                          TRANSCRIPT
We'll be much more efficient and much more on target with what you're
vision is as a Council as to where you want us to go.

Council Member DuBois: Could I make a real quick comment?

Council Member Holman: I've still got the floor, I think.

Council Member DuBois: I think...

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Thank you, Pat. I think what we're missing or
what we started with was in the Motion there's nothing here that—in the
Motion itself is outside what's already done in the book. I don't know if
that's what you were asking for, Hillary. I think what Jim was saying was—I
don't know if we need to be explicit. I explicitly was looking for an
evaluation of job growth lower than anything in here. I don't know if we
need to be that clear in the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Happy to (inaudible) evaluation of job growth higher,
and I think we should do an evaluation of housing higher.

Council Member Holman: I've still got the floor, I believe.

Mayor Burt: Let's return to Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I think I agree with what you were saying, Council
Member DuBois, and what City Manager was saying, that we're looking at
less job creation, less office creation and more housing creation. We don't
know to what extent. If we can add that, if the maker...

Vice Mayor Scharff: You can add that.

Mayor Burt: May I suggest language? In the existing V, if we simply
changed it to "evaluate"—it shouldn't be evaluating in both "five" and "six."
It should be "evaluate mechanisms for regulating employment growth
including densities in existing buildings." Does that capture it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It does.

Council Member Holman:      Regulating doesn't say reduce current trend or
current allowance.

Council Member DuBois: If I could offer. I think what Pat said was fine, but
it doesn't capture—in Number Two if we could say "a scenario that improves


                                                                       Page 62 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
