                         TRANSCRIPT
Jessica Chia: Good evening. My name is Jessica Chia, and I live at 3489
Kenneth Drive. I'm here tonight to express my support for the single story
overlay zoning change. My husband I moved to Royal Manor in 2013 from
an Eichler in Greer Park North. Note that Greer Park is in the same flood
zone as Royal Manor and has the same R-1 lots and obtained approval for its
SSO last year. I grew up in Palo Alto, and my parents still live in the
Duveneck/St. Francis neighborhood in an older, single-story home. In their
non-Eichler neighborhood, there have been a large number of tear-down,
new, two-story homes including two projects currently in progress; one
behind them and another just a few houses down the street. Walking
around their neighborhood, I feel that two-story homes fit that neighborhood
context, and the newer construction harmonizes in scale, if not in style, with
older homes. As they are in the shallower AH flood zone, even with
elevation requirements newer homes aren't noticeably higher than their
neighbors. However, Royal Manor has an entirely different neighborhood
context. I believe an SSO is appropriate here because new, two-story
construction will have a disproportionate impact on surrounding homes
because, one, this is attractive Eichler homes and, two, the AE flood zone
means much higher flood elevation requirements resulting in homes
towering over their neighbors. Even though I strongly support the SSO, I do
understand the concerns of those opposed and hope that going forward the
City will consider policy alternatives other than the Individual Review (IR)
process and the SSO that can achieve a better balance between the interests
of individual homeowners who wish to expand and the impacts of that
expansion on those around them. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    Lionel Garland or Garin to be followed by William
Faustman.

Lionel Garin:    Good evening, Honorable Mayor, Council Members and
members of the public. I am Lionel Garin, and I am living in 3475 Greer
Road which is just across the road with Janice Way which is just at the
corner of this very nice map we see here. We have been living over there
since '94. As you see, there are already four houses which are already at
the two-floor level here. We have been living with this situation for about 20
years now. No problems so far. They are good neighbors. No problem
here. This situation is something which is already existing, has been
existing for a while. I could say honestly that when we made with my wife
the decision to buy this house, the idea was to possibly extend for multiple
reasons. Now I feel really, let's say unfair that this point which was a
decision made specifically for us and for really prepare the future would be
denied today. I am strongly opposed to the SSO situation here. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: William Faustman to be followed by Sue Thiemann.
                                                                       Page 45 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
