                          TRANSCRIPT
tax on local businesses are unsettling. Prior to taking action that will
inadvertently hinder economic stability and impede our current efforts to
reduce traffic congestion, we encourage the City to further analyze the
proposed mechanisms and mitigations, utilize the additional data to make
informed decisions, and engage in further outreach with the business
community.      VMware is confident a concerted effort from interested
stakeholders will produce a thoughtful plan to mitigate traffic congestion
while simultaneously allowing the City, its residents and businesses to
continue to thrive. As a multinational company, VMware is proud to be one
of the largest tenants in the Stanford Research Park and headquartered in
Palo Alto. We have historically enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship
with both the City and the Stanford Research Park. VMware cares deeply
about this community, our people and our campus. We share the City's
concerns regarding traffic congestion, and it impacts directly our people,
many of whom live in Palo Alto, and our ability to recruit and retain top
talent. We respect the fact that what we do is a model for others in SRP,
that our programs meet the needs of our people and the community, and
that what we do is sustainable, environmentally and financially. We have
invested significant funding in such programs, given VMware's commitment
to solving these issues that impact the entire City. The proposed density
restrictions and traffic mitigation regulations contained in the Draft EIR have
potentially adverse consequences for VMware and create uncertainties for
the business community, which must remain agile in order to succeed.
Maintaining a flexible workforce that is able to respond to the cyclical
employment demands of product innovation is key to progress and
ultimately success. There are additional measures contemplated in the Draft
EIR such as requiring companies with over 50 employees to charge for
parking, which also appear to have a punitive effect on businesses without
evidence that such a program will produce the desired result of reduced
vehicle trips to SRP. In our commitment to working with the City and
Stanford to reduce congestion, it is essential to VMware that all traffic
congestion management methods we fund are effective, measurable and
substantiated by robust data analysis. Most importantly such methods must
not impede our ability to successfully conduct business operations within
Palo Alto or undermine our own robust TDM efforts to date. Thank you for
your consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Bob Moss, to be followed by
our final speaker, Shani Kleinhaus.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. This reminds me
of late Mayor Jack Sutorius' comment on how he found three things to like
about the Comprehensive Plan. First, it was comprehensive. Second, it was
only a plan. Third, it could be amended at any time. What we have before
                                                                           Page 62 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
