                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Slater: Is that it? Do I sit down now?

Council Member Berman: Sure. This seems to me to be a great opportunity
to get more people in the community engaged who aren't currently engaged
and introduce them to a host of different ways that they can make a positive
impact, both locally and, if this idea scales, then nationally and globally. I'm
just not totally understanding the downside. It's a pilot, and obviously
Council Members and community members will be monitoring this very
closely to make sure that it doesn't negatively impact the current programs
that we have operating in this City. I think the fact that it's a pilot, a pretty
small pilot at that, gives me a lot of comfort that if for some reason it seems
like it is negatively impacting any other programs that we have in the City,
we can either eliminate the pilot altogether or make improvements to make
sure that doesn't happen. I think Sandra's last point is a good one. We
heard this today from folks in the community who said, "I'm not involved in
e-prep, but I am interested in this. This is a way that I might learn more
about e-prep and some of the other important things that we have going on
in the community. I understand that there are concerns, and I think those
are very valid concerns, but let's monitor the pilot closely and make sure
that those concerns aren't needed. If they are, you can always make
changes to the pilot to alleviate those concerns. In my opinion, this is
something—I think it was kind of described as the City subsidizing this
program. The City isn't—are we paying any money, Jim?

Mr. Keene: No. I mean, the only thing we'd be doing is a ...

Council Member Berman: Some Staff time.

Mr. Keene: de minimis amount of Staff time. I mean, I don't think there's
anything we're doing here that is a contradiction of the kind of things we do
every day in the City.

Council Member Berman: I agree that we should make sure there aren't
mixed messages and that we shouldn't be suggesting things that in other
places we don't suggest. That doesn't seem to be the case. I'm open to
further Council Member comments. This is something that I support, and I
think given the fact that it’s a multicity thing, I don't see a reason to tweak
it from the dais tonight. I think we should move forward with the pilot and
monitor it and see if it needs improvements.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of fall, Sandra, I'd like to thank you for the hard
work you've done on this. I think, you've stuck with it since at least when it
came to my attention in 2012. I don't want that to be lost in this, as we grill
                                                                          Page 52 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
