                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think I hit my (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a follow up on medical office. We got a letter
here and there was an article today in the paper. How do we track the
medical office exemption? With that example you just gave, is there a
conditional use permit? What if they build it as medical office and want to
switch it to something else?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't believe there's a use permit required for medical
record. I think we would approve it as medical office and condition it that
way. Then it would be an enforcement issue if we found out that they were
doing some other kind of office there.

Council Member DuBois:        What's the rationale for the medical office
exemption?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't recall. That was a suggestion of the Council that was
incorporated into the ordinance at the time it was adopted.

Council Member DuBois: On the scoring process, can you just describe how
it works? Is there a range? When I read it, it looked if you hit it, you get
full points, but I didn't know if that was true or if you guys would score it on
a range up to the amount of points shown on the table.

Ms. Gitelman: In the scorecard, we tried to provide some guidance about
what we would be thinking when we did the scoring, but we're really trying
to evaluate these projects against each other. One would hope that most
projects would score pretty high in some of these, that are like address the
impacts, address our design compatibility criteria. We probably will end up
with a range of results for the different projects.

Council Member DuBois: I guess my big concern looking at this was that it
could be conservative scoring where a lot of projects score at full points, and
we don't have enough differentiation. I thought being really clear that there
was a sliding scale—for example, traffic mitigation rather than saying if
there's no significant impacts, you get full points, maybe it should be based
on number of seconds you add. If you add zero seconds, you get full points.
                                                                          Page 52 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
