                     ACTION MINUTES
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and request Staff to
evaluate the alternative of submitting a Request for Proposals (RFP) to a
private or non-profit entity to be a provider of lead testing for residents on a
cost-effective basis, and that the program be established and supported by
the City.”

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                   Council Member Kniss moved,
seconded by Council Member DuBois to accept the City of Palo Alto 2016
Water Utility Public Health Goals Report and request Staff to evaluate the
alternative of submitting a Request for Proposals (RFP) to a private or non-
profit entity to be a provider of lead testing for residents on a cost-effective
basis, and that the program be established and supported by the City.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 7-0 Berman, Scharff absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Holman said there was a memorial held in honor of Miner
Forty Niner, the Palo Alto donkey who passed away in late September. She
noted there were between 100-120 people in attendance at the memorial
and she is pleased so many people showed up. She added the other donkey,
Perry, has returned to Palo Alto and he has a new partner, Jenny. She said
they are doing well together.

Mayor Burt said he was asked to speak on Palo Alto’s Smart City initiatives
last week at the Global Internet Conference in Wuzhen, China. He spoke
about his time at the conference and noted, regarding climate change
initiatives, the United States may be returning to where it was prior to the
Paris Accords. He said the initiatives of local, regional and state governments
are crucial when it comes to what we will be able to do in terms of climate
change. He spoke about the importance of understanding the Smart City
movement and how it relates to sustainability and climate change. He said it
is important to share those issues with the community, what it means, and
why it should matter. He also mentioned that one of the priorities Council
laid out this year was housing. He said one of the areas regarding housing
that was touched on at the Retreat, but not yet explored, is the
displacement and severe impact on renters in the community. He said the
surrounding communities are taking initiatives to try to provide renter
protection. He noted the Council will not have an opportunity to take that
issue up this year, but suggested Council Members should add this as a
                                                                             Page 2 of 3
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 11/21/16
