                    ACTION MINUTES
Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

13.   Request for City Council Endorsement of Santa            Clara      County
      Measure A, an Affordable Housing Bond Measure.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to endorse Santa Clara County Measure A, an Affordable Housing Bond
Measure on the November 8, 2016 ballot.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Holman requested that an Agenda Item allowing the Council
to support or oppose the various State Propositions and Measure B, the
Valley Transportation Authority sales tax, on the November 8, 2016 ballot be
agendized.

Council Member Kniss suggested the City’s State Lobbyist could provide a
summary of the Propositions for Council’s consideration. She also suggested
that the Council limit consideration to Measure B.

Mayor Burt reported that the supporters of Measure B preferred to receive
individual Council Member support rather than City Council support. He
inquired whether the League of California Cities or similar organization had
taken positions on the various Propositions. He noted that the City Council
does not take a position on all Propositions.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated that reviewing all Propositions would be time
consuming.

Council Member Holman highlighted her interest in supporting Proposition
62, which would repeal the death penalty in California. She reported that
the Council supported a similar Proposition in the past.

Vice Mayor Scharff highlighted his interest in discussing Proposition 53,
which would require voter approval for projects costing more than $2 billion.

Mayor Burt reported that these topics will be discussed with Staff for
potential inclusion on a future Council agenda.

                                                                           Page 7 of 8
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 10/17/16
