                          TRANSCRIPT
Rather than have a bunch of empty parking spaces that conceivably the
developer could lease out to Stanford's medical next door that has valet
parking because they don't have adequate parking onsite, I'd like to see
some of that go toward the common space. I did have one other concern or
question really, question and concern. That is about the plaza. It looks like
a stark space. It doesn't look like a space that is going to be really used. I
like the location of it being on the side street rather than on El Camino, but
it doesn't look like the landscaping and seating are areas that will be
positive. We see a lot of plazas that are just stark, open plazas. I would
like to propose two amendments.            One that we retain the current
prescribed—excuse me. I want to revise that. We revise the current
proposed parking by four spaces and dedicate that space to common open
space.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You mean have less parking spaces?

Mayor Burt: Yes, at surface. I should say proposed surface parking by four
spaces. That land be dedicated toward common open space. I should have
said by four spaces from the Staff proposal. I guess that really—that the
plaza, we direct Staff to work with the applicant to redesign the plaza so that
it will be an active pedestrian-used area. I will leave it open as to what that
really means. I think we have a sense of that. Are those acceptable?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Those are both acceptable.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove Part D of the Motion and add to the
Motion:

E.    Reduce the current proposed surface parking by four spaces from the
      Staff proposal, with the resulting land dedicated to common open
      space; and

F.    Direct Staff to work with the Applicant to redesign the plaza to create
      an active pedestrian used area.

Vice Mayor Scharff:  Now that you've said that, I think I have an
amendment to my own Motion, if you'd accept it.

Mayor Burt: Go ahead, give it a shot.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My question is I'd like the applicant to be able to have
seating there, outdoor seating, and put in a coffee shop and not be
constrained, frankly, by parking requirements to be able to do that kind of


                                                                        Page 47 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
