                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm actually going to vote no. I think this whole notion
of zero deaths is a little too aspirational. What does that mean? Does that
mean we're going to now impose regulations that we're going to make
impossible to do something because we want zero deaths?              I don't
understand what we're gaining by doing this.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: I want to be able to drive my car. That encourages
death, people who drive. I want to ride my bicycle. I know all these people
that are dying on bicycles these day.

Mayor Burt: I want you to ride your bicycle.

Council Member Kniss: Just vote against it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I want to ride my bicycle. You know my bicycle was
stolen. It was stolen. Did you take my bicycle?

Mayor Burt: No. The dog ate your homework.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think you took my bicycle.

Mayor Burt: I do think that that raises—I had a similar question when I just
scanned this. This is one of those we'll have a perfect world or what.

Council Member Berman: It's aspirational.

Council Member Kniss: It is aspirational.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why are we supporting it?

Council Member Kniss: That's the way Resolutions are. They're aspirational.
It's something that the League supports. If you don't support it, (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: It does say toward as opposed to obtaining it.

Male: What Page?

Mayor Burt: Three thirty-two of the Packet. Who knows what we'll see in
autonomous vehicles. They argue that we're unsafe to drive cars.

Council Member Berman: They don't argue that. Statistics do.

Mayor Burt: With that word "toward" in there, it means move in that
direction. Is it acceptable? Council Member Wolbach, did you have
something?
                                                                      Page 111 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
