                         TRANSCRIPT
participating. That's what Palo Alto CLEAN is all about; it's getting the
commercial market sector.       Also, I will add that there's been a false
comparison of local solar priced against—can I have another moment?

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) seconds.

Mr. Lewis:    Priced against central generation solar, that is a terrible
comparison. Local solar provides the community with resilience. That is
something that remote generation can never provide to Palo Alto or any
other local community. I've got a lot more to say. I'd like the item pulled.
Of course, I'll have plenty to say next week as well and throughout the
week.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Consent Calendar and a
Motion. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll move to pull Item Number 5.

Council Member Berman: Second.

Council Member Holman: Third.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman, third by Council Member Holman to pull Agenda Item Number 5-
Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt a Resolution Continuing the
Palo Alto Clean Local Energy Accessible Now (CLEAN) … to be heard on
March 28, 2016.

Mayor Burt: We have Council Members DuBois, Berman and Holman who
have moved to pull Item Number 5. Item Number 5 will be removed. Do
we have a date to reschedule that?

James Keene, City Manager: Yes, Mr. Mayor. I think that actually we have
some openings on next week's Agenda for your meeting. That would be the
meeting of the 28th. It would be on Action Item.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do we have a Motion to approve the balance of the
Consent Calendar excluding Item Number 5?

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 4, 6-10.

                                                                     Page 36 of 114
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 3/21/16
