                          TRANSCRIPT
would respectfully ask the Council to look into why repeatedly now, year
after year, Castilleja has been receiving a letter allowing their enrollment to
remain currently, this year, going up 438. Be easy for them to admit less
students next year and get back down to 415. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Kimberly Wong. We have one
additional speaker, and we won't be accepting additional cards after this
time. Welcome.

Kimberly Wong: Hi. My name is Kimberly Wong at 1260 Emerson Street.
My message is almost the same as my husband's. I actually would like him
to finish his speech if he could possibly.

Mayor Burt: Sorry. We don't allow that. You're welcome to use your three
minutes.

Ms. Wong: Anyways, my name is Kimberly Wong, and I live at 1260. I was
very upset to learn that part of the Master Plan was to tear down two homes
across the street from us and remove 168 trees. Why was to build an
underground garage. This would change the traffic flow of our streets onto
Embarcadero and from Embarcadero and cause backups around the
neighborhood by the spillover effect. Other streets would be affected also.
This is very alarming. It's not just about me or my daughter who walks to
school every day. It impacts the children who have to travel along Bryant
and Embarcadero and across that intersection to either Jordan or to Addison.
There's a lot of traffic going back and forth there on bikes. Close to 75
percent of Castilleja come in outside of our City. Castilleja has reported that
216 on one day in one hour come to the campus. What worries me is that
the impact of 30 percent more students coming on top of that to the
Castilleja campus, not including the increase in staff to support more
students. My biggest fear about this is the increase in traffic and the
resulting dangers involved. I'm fearful for the extra traffic on Embarcadero
Corridor, which is currently already clogged with cars coming in to Paly, to
Stanford University, Stanford Hospital and Town and Country. Who will be
at most risk of this traffic? It's students who are riding their bikes to school.
Adding more cars turning onto Bryant, our bike boulevard created to provide
safe passage for the bicyclists, will endanger students of Addison, Jordan,
Paly and students biking and walking to school. This bike/car/pedestrian
plus frustration of drivers on this gridlocked Embarcadero Corridor is a
dangerous combination which has gotten worse over the years. If Castilleja
wants to be serious about traffic mitigation, they need to have more serious
and complete studies of the traffic, consider offsite parking and shuttling
students and staff into the campus. They cannot propose a plan to add
more incoming traffic with an onsite, underground garage. They need to

                                                                            Page 6 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
