                         TRANSCRIPT
Hillary, before I make comments about—our neighborhood is going to
wonder how it will impact them.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. On the Evergreen Park,
RPP program, we're sending out the resident survey this week we hope. We
hope to get to the Planning and Transportation Commission in November
and to the Council in December with the program design. I should say we
came here this evening for a general conversation about affordable housing.
If any of the sites that Candace and Grace have mentioned firm up and
become real proposals, they would be subject to the Council's prescreening
process. You'd get an opportunity to see more detail and provide more
feedback before it moved any further.

Council Member Kniss: Exactly. I think it's important since we've got Cal
Park right in front of us to say to that neighborhood the RPP is already
something that's underway. I think we as a Council have treated that as a
really important issue in the Downtown and would do the same for that
particular area. That would take some time, some energy, but I think the
end product, even though not perfect, in the Downtown has relieved that
parking situation a lot. Going back to—I also thank you, Candace and
Grace. I spent some time with you about a month ago looking at a variety
of different projects that you have done including 801 Alma. Is that the last
totally affordable housing project that you did? Am I right? Or was the Tree
House?

Ms. Gonzalez: 801 Alma was by Eden Housing.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you.

Ms. Gonzalez: Tree House was our last one in 2011.

Council Member Kniss: Shouldn't have brought that up, Candace. That's
why I remember Tree House. Looking at this, once again I know that you're
just kind of airing this tonight. We're having a discussion about it. As a
candidate, I can tell you that running with 11 of us, I haven't heard anyone
say that they weren't in favor of affordable housing.          I think that's
encouraging. As we know, all the devils are in the details. As we go forward
with this, we need to consider what the impact is. I think the most
encouraging thing about this is the PTOD aspect of it. That makes a big
difference as far as the overlay. Again, so that that area knows we have
RPP, which will be up and running long before you were to develop in this
area, I'm sure. Thank you, Mayor. That's it for now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

                                                                       Page 8 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
