                          TRANSCRIPT
reading of this Ordinance and offer approval, feedback or changes.” (New
Part B)

Council Member Wolbach: If there are changes—I just want to check. Was
Staff recommending that we modify this amendment slightly to remove the
word "minor" and the word "feedback'?     It would be "offer approval,
feedback or changes." Would that be okay with the maker and seconder as
well?

Mr. Keene: Thanks. If I just may say. We may have just questions and not
propose language, but the questions may be helpful to the Council also.

Mayor Burt: Questions is under feedback, I think. Was that accepted by the
maker and the second?

Council Member Holman: Yes, yes.

Mayor Burt: I have a few questions and comments. Generally, I think I'm
supportive of the bulk of these changes. I think it is appropriate that we
have this have more complete Staff and ARB review. When we look at it, we
have almost as much red here as black. While it may not be inconsistent
with what was there before, it's certainly substantial in terms of what it
adds. A first question. I don't know what the impact of, in the preamble
basically, adding "minimum" means. Council Member Holman, can you give
me some explanation of what the intent is there?

Council Member Holman: I did query that. Again, there are other design
criteria. For instance, one that's often overlooked is SOFA 1 and SOFA 2.
That's why I wanted to be more inclusive on that aspect of it. Also, there
might be something that isn't covered here, but the Staff and ARB might say
this needs to be considered here.

Mayor Burt:     On the SOFA 1 and SOFA 2, under Number 1, it says
"consistent with applicable documents, the Comp Plan, the Zoning Code and
any relevant design guides." SOFA 1 and SOFA 2 would be relevant design
guides for within SOFA 1 and 2 areas, for instance.

Council Member Holman: I don't look at SOFA 1 and SOFA 2 as design
guides. They are coordinated area plans. They include design standards
and design guides. I'm trying to be inclusive as opposed to exclusive.

Mayor Burt: The "at a minimum," actually the way it's written, it would
apply to all of the criteria, not that there may be other criteria that are not
referenced. For each of the referenced criteria, the application would have
to meet this "at a minimum." That's an implication—I think it's in some
                                                                         Page 31 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
