                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. There's a perception that—
I've read even recently in various communications that there seems to be a
perception at least on the part of some architects that to be a green building
it has to be a flat-roofed building. There seems to be a prejudice or even an
understanding that there's a must be. I don't have a prejudice against
them, but it seems like we could have both gabled roofs and flat-roofed
buildings. What would you say about that? It seems to be a prejudice if not
a misunderstanding in the architectural community, in this community at
least.

Mr. Mazria: Maybe it's the modernists architects. Pitched-roof buildings
obviously lend themselves to solar applications. If you face them the right
way, facing within 60 degrees or 30 degrees each side of south and it's a
pitched roof, you have a perfect place to apply solar. The architects that I
know are happy designing all sorts of different styles of buildings. In fact,
they like the flexibility of being able to meet just the target. If you give
them the flexibility to do it any way they want, as long as you just meet that
target, that's the path they'll usually take. Builders also will usually take the
performance path, because they have certain styles of buildings that sell in
certain areas. The builders will always go the performance path rather than
the prescriptive path which tells you have to do this or you have to do that.
Those two paths are part of Title 24.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that. We could benefit from some
diversity here, I think, my personal opinion. Because I bring this up all the
time, I appreciate that you said that salvage is coming. It's not a part of
this. You've heard me say a million times how long we've had our salvage
ordinance. I wonder a little bit about two things. LEED sort of addresses
this, but not really. If we're focused on a new building and a new building
not having any more energy demand than it generates, are we doing this
with blinders on? If we're tearing down a building that has a remaining good
life, we're causing the manufacture of a lot of new material, so there's a lot
of energy being consumed offsite. The same thing with salvage. If we're
not salvaging materials, we're causing them to be recycled or processed in
landfills. It seems to me we are looking at this with blinders on and just
looking at the impacts being in another community rather than our
community. It's an ongoing concern that I have and have had.

Mr. Mazria: I can take a stab at that. There is a whole new movement now
around that issue, on salvaging existing buildings. There is an embodied
energy component ...

Council Member Holman: Could I introduce into that too not just salvaging
but reuse of perfectly good buildings?

                                                                         Page 95 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
