                          TRANSCRIPT
reported they were satisfied with lessons. We don't know who the 1 percent
is. An equally high number reported they would recommend the classes to a
friend or family. We did want to share that last week Accela, who's the
City's land permitting and licensing software vendor and a leading provider
of cloud-based productivity and civic engagement solutions for government,
recognized the City of Palo Alto and specifically our Development Services
Director Peter Pirnejad at their Trendsetter Awards conference in south
California. The awards recognize government agencies and individuals who
are making great strides in civic engagement through the age of technology.
Peter was recognized as an Accela Civic Superhero for his work to create an
analytics dashboard that leveraged Accela data to measure service counts,
speed of delivery and timeliness. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: The community will be allowed to ride their bikes to Community
Health Day. Is that correct?

Mr. Keene: I actually think the Mayor's Challenge is that everybody ride
their bikes to the Community Health Day.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, did you have a question?

Council Member Holman: Just one quick question. The new roundabout
that you showed—I do like roundabouts. I just want to confirm that's going
to be landscaped. It's barren at the moment.

Mr. Keene: I will look at that answer. I would say given the former
Mayor/Council Member Holman's insistence on making improvements to
some of our existing traffic circles last year, we'll definitely take a look at
that.  We've gotten obviously lots of positively comments from the
community that we're finally cleaning those up.

Council Member Holman: I do go around and look at the ones, and they
look really great. They look so much improved. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Jim, I heard you say but not totally clearly that you
will have people perhaps at Jordan for a couple of weeks indicating how the
new configuration actually works. Did you say that or did I just imagine it?

Mr. Keene: At the start of the school year, yes. We actually had this written
before the school year had opened up, but I know we were supposed to
keep folks on board at least for the first week to make sure things were
working well.


                                                                           Page 7 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
