                          TRANSCRIPT
which are heavily used, people are concerned that a restroom brings more
people and allows them to stay longer. Maybe that's un-neighborly, but I'm
just sharing the kinds of things that I've heard. I won't call out particular
parks tonight, but I will let you know later of the four parks in particular who
said that while they knew it wasn't neighborly, it wasn't something that they
were looking forward to. I think I wouldn't be giving you feedback at a
Study Session if I didn't share that. I know it makes—as I said, it sounds
un-neighborly, but several people sought me out to tell me that. A couple of
people wrote us notes. I see Rob nodding, which means that he might
remember the times that we've run into this before.              Those are my
comments for the moment. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Let me keep my comments strategic in nature.
What are the goals of our parks? How should they be used and what issues
might flow from that? The first is really a preface comment that comes
before we get to the policies and programs. The demographics, a clear
statement upfront that population is growing 1.1 percent per year. We need
parks for this population and the kids that come along. School District
comes and says their population is going to grow 0.2 percent per year.
That's a 5:1 difference. It's a critical assumption as we look at parklands.
Is it for kids or is kids going to be a shrinking share of our population? It's
in your preface. You should be clear on what you mean and what you
expect. As we get to the issues like Cubberley, do we need schools that are
not—do we need places for kids to play, more spaces? Those are critical
issues, and we should be talking to the School District one-on-one abut
realistic assumptions. Brings me to Point Number 2. What are parks? On, I
think, Page 60 of your report, you give the one general map. In your
presentation tonight, you gave four or five different ones that give a
different perspective. On this map, clearly anyone reading it looks and says,
"There are areas that have parks within walking and distance, and others
that do not."       Raises the issue of what about school grounds.         My
understanding of Palo Alto history is that in 1988, '89, there was an accord
made between the School District and the City that the City would help the
School District out financially. In exchange, one of the things the City would
do was care for the grounds of the park. In exchange, those grounds that
used to be locked up after school would be open to the community. I read
through this and kept saying, "Where's that accord?" Why isn't it clearly
stated somewhere how the community—what rights the community has to
the school grounds? You think of the endless rounds of activities, I know I'm
closer to a school yard than to a park. I know my kids and my grandkids
tend to use the school grounds to shoot a basket, throw a ball, kick a ball,
do the swings. After 3:30 P.M., they're open on the weekends. After
                                                                        Page 11 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
