                          TRANSCRIPT

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think a value system is great. I think the policies
expressed the value system.           This is what I'm struggling with.       I'm
struggling with it if it's a good value, but we don't have the money to do it or
there are other needs that are greater. If we say we're going to do
something in the Comp Plan, we go through the Finance Committee. It
clearly doesn't make sense to do it now or Staff doesn't have the time or
we're going to have to hire three more people or we don't have the money
for it. I would like to see the CAC reconsider those. I think the weaker
language is better in a Comp Plan, because you may not end up doing these
things for a variety of reasons. I guess I was going to ask like some of
these, Policy C-1.9 says establish a program to facilitate continuing
corporate support for community services through contributions of funds,
time, materials and expertise. Then it says previous Program C08. Did we
change the language on that or was that the old language? If it was the old
language, did we establish such a program? Do we have it up and running?
If so, should it say maintain? Then again, I'd raise it if it said maintain, what
if it was completely unsuccessful and we're spending a lot of Staff time on
such a program? I think we want flexibility as a community to say these are
our goals and our values, but these programs that we have in here may or
may not work. They may not be cost effective. I'm just really concerned
about how we take something out of the Comp Plan without doing a Comp
Plan amendment which is a big process. I don't want to have to be writing
Colleagues Memos every time we want to change something that says let's
take Policy C-1.9.1 and look at it. We're not going to do that. What's
probably going to happen is we're probably going to just ignore it and just
not do it. That's not really a good plan either. Do we know the answer to
that? Was the program established or is it new language or what's the
story? That's C-1.9.

Mr. Dennis: Off the top of my head, I don't. I can get that back to you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's more of a broad question of where it says establish
a program, and we have an existing program or supposedly because it says
it was before, did we implement the program? What have we typically
done? What have we typically done with this stuff? I thought Policy C-1.18
was really interesting. The policy is to make it a high priority to assist
PAUSD in anticipating and addressing land development related to school
enrollment impacts. We have a program which is provide regular status
reports to PAUSD. I believe we do that. That's my recollection of what we
do. Now they say require an assessment of impacts to schools prior to the
approval of development projects that require legislative acts including
General Plan amendments and zoning changes, report impact findings to
                                                                          Page 35 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
