                          TRANSCRIPT
zoning one, if the penalty doubled every three months, it would just
naturally escalate the longer it went. Did you guys think about that at all?

Ms. Gitelman: We didn't think about that. We thought about getting it to a
point where it's a substantial penalty. Again, there are going to be some
violations and some situations where, I think, it will be difficult to charge this
kind of fine on an ongoing basis. Where the PC calls for something that's of
significant value and the PC itself is the significant value, I think we can
charge it on an ongoing basis even if it were to double, as Albert said, where
it wasn't just $2,000 a day, but it went up to $4,000 a day. That's not
always going to be the case.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I don't think I'm going to suggest it tonight.
If we revisit these, some of the fees look fairly dated. Again, if there's
something big where we really want to motivate somebody, if we told them
there was a timeline—in 90 days it's going to double again—it may give
some incentive. A quick question about the taxi permit. Does that apply to
Uber or are they excluded somehow?

Ms. Stump: Uber is a—I forget the special term that the State created to
describe the new ridesharing company—has been regulated by the California
Public Utilities Commission (CPUC); although, wasn't that slated to be moved
to the Department of Motor Vehicles? I'm not sure what happened when the
Governor—we'd have to look at that. There was a proposal to restructure a
lot of the way this work was done on a regulatory basis. Some of it was
vetoed at least on the Governor's desk. We can get back to you on that.

James Keene, City Manager: Just separate from that, I think in one of the
upcoming—before the end of the year, I think, actually we're going to come
on the Taxi Cab Ordinance discussion to Policy and Services. We'll have
some opportunity to talk through some of the ramifications.

Council Member DuBois: Make it a fair playing field.

Mr. Keene: There are a number of issues associated with the regulation of
taxi cabs, the freedom of cabs to move and that sort of thing.

Council Member DuBois: My last question. We struck out a bunch of
discharge fees, like on Packet Page 61. I'm just curious why we struck out
all those.

Mr. Yang: Those were all listing out very specific sections of our Sewer Use
Ordinance. We just replaced those with one generally applicable penalty for
violation of that chapter. All the penalties were the same, so there's no
substantive change.
                                                                           Page 15 of 90
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/7/16
