                          TRANSCRIPT
quo, sitting idly by year after year allowing this nightmare to present itself.
We cannot allow greed of the familiar to take precedence over people,
families in our community.        My family's quality of life has drastically
plummeted in just a few short months. Nearly 80 percent of our income
goes to rent now. After bills, there's just nothing left in the bank. We can't
afford afterschool sports for our children. We do not sleep well due to the
constant financial stress and worry. I have cried more in the last few
months than I have in my entire life, not just for my family but for all the
wonderful families struggling with this elusive quality of life. This City is in
desperate need of housing and a bold fifth scenario could start to address
the heart of quality of life. Instead of wasting precious time drumming up
scenarios that resemble each other, I beg Council to put people first. We
cannot thrive as a community without economic diversity and simple human
kindness. Listen to us and think of those who can't come forth. Please
study a fifth scenario that thinks big for the future of us all. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'd just like to encourage members of the public—we want to
make sure we have a safe environment for everybody to be able to speak,
whether they have opposing viewpoints or not. We try to discourage
boisterous support or opposition. Jeff Rensch to be followed by Diane Morin.
Welcome.

Jeff Rensch: Hi. I would like to read a letter from the League of Women
Voters of Palo Alto. Dear Mayor Burt and Council Members, the League of
Women Voters of Palo Alto supports the concept of a fifth scenario to be
studied in the Comprehensive Plan EIR. We agree that the fifth scenario
should encompass Points A to G in the City Council motion restated on Page
8 of the May 16th Staff Report. However, we strongly urge the City Council
to use the fifth scenario to study the impacts of both significantly increasing
the supply of housing and analyzing the effects of the Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan proposals. LWVPA has adopted housing policies and
encouraged housing opportunities for all economic levels, ages and
ethnicities as well as housing that is open to everyone. Our policies also
promote a balance of jobs and housing and support regional planning. A
fifth scenario that explores the jobs/housing imbalance is needed for you as
decision-makers to understand the full impacts of increasing the housing
supply. Option C for the fifth scenario, which calls for 20 percent housing, is
a step in the right direction; however, we believe it does not go far enough
to make a real difference in addressing the housing shortfalls in Palo Alto.
More and more you are hearing from residents who are asking the City to be
more proactive in this area. In order to enable fully informed decisions
about the future of Palo Alto, the EIR should analyze the impacts of a
scenario far greater than the Staff suggestion of a 20 percent increase in
housing units. I don't think I have time to read all the rest of it, but we say
                                                                         Page 71 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
