                          TRANSCRIPT
those sites that would eliminated on San Antonio Road and South El Camino
Real. This is a picture of one of the sites on San Antonio Road. It's from a
planning perspective. It's not a terrible looking site for redevelopment as
housing. It's just not as close to services as you could imagine some of the
other sites would be. The questions we have for the Council this evening.
Should we follow through with this idea and eliminate sites in the south and
place them with higher densities elsewhere or should we replacement them
with new sites or should we replace them with both? Then what policies and
programs can we include to encourage the type of housing that we want. All
of these questions relate not just to planning and zoning, but to design
issues. Design is a factor in a variety of ways. It can affect the character of
the corridor or the community and neighborhood that the housing is located
in. It can affect unit types. It can affect aesthetics or compatibility. This is
a picture from the South El Camino Real Guidelines, dates back to 2002. I
think it advances this idea of nodes along a commercial corridor. That is one
possibility of what you can achieve with higher-density housing. The City
Council has talked about unit types and potentially reduced parking
standards. This is going to be critical if we start thinking of higher densities
in Downtown or substituting residential FAR for commercial FAR in places
like Downtown where it's very constrained. Reducing the amount of parking
reduces the costs and the traffic impacts of units because people are
encouraged or really forced to take alternate modes. The Council has also
talked at length about good design and about compatibility and the ability of
design to reinforce neighborhood fabric and great streets. In fact, I think
this is really—we don't say it this way—one of the Council's and community's
core values when it comes to new development. I've thrown a lot at you
both in the Staff Report and in the presentation. Here are some suggested
discussion questions for this evening, if you'd like. Number one, as I
indicated, we're looking for your input on whether we should eliminate those
housing sites on San Antonio Road and South El Camino Real. If so, should
we replace them with higher densities or with new sites or with both? What
additional information, if any, do you need to make that decision? Also,
should we explore this idea of eliminating non-retail commercial FAR and
substituting it with residential FAR in mixed use areas? If so, which mixed
use areas? Would new types of housing, small units, reduced parking
requirements be acceptable in these areas? Are there other incentives or
types of housing that we should explore? How can the CAC help to advance
this conversation during their work on the Land Use and Community Design
Element? Very important. With that, I look forward to the Council's
questions and comments. I was hoping that you would hear first from the
delegation from the CAC, and then from the public.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before we hear from the members of the CAC, we
have already 23 cards. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring
                                                                         Page 51 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
