                          TRANSCRIPT
they're based on Plan Bay Area, each one of these scenarios. Point number
three, if you look at the commercial growth in all four scenarios, add them
together over the 15 years, they exceed the development cap limit set by
Program L-8 in our current Comp. Plan. In other words, all our scenarios are
saying let's grow faster than permitted under the old Comp. Plan. There has
to be a scenario that gives an alternative to becoming an ever-growing
commute center, one where you begin to balance or move toward a slightly
better balance of housing and jobs in the community, that drives toward
having a community where the growth is amongst those who pay taxes to
the City, to the School District and to the County. Palo Alto is an open space
in the heart of Silicon Valley. It helps Stanford and it helps Silicon Valley,
not by building giant enterprises but through the mobility of jobs and people,
by experimenting, by cooperating, collaborating, people who play with each
other, who move. That's the essence of Silicon Valley and Palo Alto's role in
it. We should have at least one scenario that helps us keep that open,
collaborative center, heart of Silicon Valley operating effectively.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 10:54 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll try to keep my comments brief so we can get
out of here at a reasonable time after this conversation. Just a couple of
closing thoughts from me. One, I think, was answered which is that we're
able to pick and choose. What I'm looking for—it's probably not going to be
able to be included in the documents that you're putting together, but
maybe in the Staff Reports, the presentations around them. I think I'm not
alone in looking for a scenario that envisions slower job growth but is open
to housing growth with a focus on mitigating the impacts of such population
growth. Essentially maybe something like Scenario 2 or 3 on jobs and
Scenario 3 or 4 on housing. As I think somebody else pointed out, it might
not be really clear to the public, if it's drafted and shared just like we saw it
tonight, how much picking and choosing we might be able to do as we move
forward post-release of the Draft EIR. I'm also concerned that the largest
population growth scenario is only 15 percent. We have a do nothing option,
which we're clearly not going to choose. I think at the other end of the
spectrum there should be an option—also there's Option 4 on jobs, I think,
we're clearly not going to choose. I think there should be an option, at least
for comparison's sake, around housing that would be more than we're likely
to choose. The Council already unanimously on November 2nd said that we
were in favor of housing supply for diverse ages and income levels, etcetera.
I think that would probably be in keeping with Options 3 or 4 on the housing
side. I'd be interested in seeing what the next step would be. I think some
cities very close to us are considering 30 percent increases in housing. If we
                                                                              Page 85 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
