                         TRANSCRIPT
totally innovative program where we really have not worked out the—have
consultants come on to look at the comparative cost analysis the way—
you're quite used to seeing those for our electric and gas utility. That's a
fairly complex undertaking. There's some tension between that and the
timeframe for the storm drain fee. Thank you.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you, guys. I appreciate those answers.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks to the Committee and to Staff and the
work that's been done over the last years in finishing up everything we've
accomplished. I have two questions about timing. One is the point source.
The numbers we saw tonight were frankly astounding, surprising. That has
impacts on the storm drain, storm drain fees, but also our use of water. I
think saying we'll assess and come back in a year is not sufficient. I would
think it might be appropriate to come back in three months with just some
data rather than just one house, if we have a number of them. Is this an
isolated incident or is it a common incident, and what can we anticipate from
allowing it? To have a broader discussion about the consequences of our
water use and management practices. I guess I would like to ask an
amendment to just say "return in three months with point data source."

Vice Mayor Scharff: What was the Amendment?

Council Member Schmid: An update of the use of water in the dewatering
that was shown to us tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We have a referral to Policy and Services on this issue,
to go through this stuff. I assume Staff's already working on that. When
they come to Policy and Services, we'll talk about this stuff. I'm not sure.
Are you thinking about an informational item are you are thinking about ...

Council Member Schmid: Yes. I think ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Nothing goes to Council; it's just an informational item
that does what?

Council Member Schmid: The numbers tonight, that came to us, were so
surprising from one resident. When we have 6 or 10 or 15, I would like to
see similar numbers of the total volume in the storm drains and what it
might mean for nearby residences. I'm asking for a return in three months
with data.



                                                                       Page 24 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
