                         TRANSCRIPT
adopt the tsunami sirens. During the year when there was no issues, they
would make sure that they were painted and oiled and there was batteries.
The Mayor of Boston said, "Yes, please, have the software. It's open source.
We want you to use it and just change where it says 'hydrant' to 'tsunami
siren.'" They've now begun to roll that out over in Hawaii. That's my final
item. I just wanted to share that with you, because we certainly live in a
different time where cities and states are collaborating at different levels
using really unique technology. My guess and prediction is we will see an
awful lot more like that in the months and years ahead. Thank you. I
welcome any questions or feedback.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I thought you were going to offer hydrants for
adoption for canines. Colleagues, Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: This will sound as though I'm singing your praises
loudly and widely, but it's absolutely true. You probably know and many of
you will be aware that when I've gone to conferences, we often see the
apps. that have been developed here used by other cities. One in particular
is the one that is on page—I don't know what. It's called Civic Insight. It's
one of the ones that I don't remember which other cities were using exactly,
Jonathan, but they were extraordinarily enthused about this. Karen, I think
you were with me when we were at one of the conferences.

Council Member Holman: Austin.

Council Member Kniss: In Austin, where as I recall you also were there. It
was great to see other cities say how pleased they were with their apps. and
how delighted they were that they had been developed.           I think it's
important to mention that this is shared by many other cities. What we do
here gets copied and makes a difference to another city. Thank you.

Mr. Reichental: Thank you so much for those very, very kind comments.
It's one of the privileges of working in such an amazing place as Palo Alto.
People want to know what we're doing, and they want to copy us especially
when we get it right. We do good stuff.

Council Member Kniss: I presume you don't charge them, Jonathan.

Mr. Reichental: We certainly don't charge for best practices and all the
successful things we do. Where it's a vendor-provided software, they work
out their own arrangements.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.



                                                                       Page 9 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
