                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I'm good with that.

Council Member Kniss: May I?

Mayor Burt: Sure. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Suppose that we had one from the Downtown and
one from California Avenue, somewhere in that region. Would that work?
Why don't we try that?

Mayor Burt: Just to bear in mind, we've got a lot of small businesses
outside of those two areas. We tend to think everything is there. I'd be
comfortable with one from Downtown and one from elsewhere.

Council Member Kniss: That's fine.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part
A.vi. with, “

vi.    Small Business Owner from other than the organizations listed above;
       and

vii.   Small Business Owner from Downtown.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm not sure if it should go here or in the
paragraph that's there at the top or the one above that, in the very initial.
The focus here seems to be on reducing single occupancy vehicle trips. I
think it should be—if we're going to set priorities like that, which is further
than we went in our Motion back in June, where we just said explore priority
transportation needs and left it open at that. This is going much more
specific. If we're going to go more specific, I would supplement reduction of
Single Occupancy Vehicle (SOV) trips with improving mobility for Palo Alto
residents as the other—those ...

Mayor Burt: I don't think it needs to substitute. I'd be fine with adding ...

Council Member Wolbach: Supplement, not substitute. Sorry if I misspoke.

Mayor Burt: Where do we have trips? Improve mobility for ...

Council Member Wolbach: Palo Alto residents.



                                                                       Page 109 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
