                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is …

Ms. Jones: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Tessa Woodmanse.

Tessa Woodmansee: Woodmansee.

Mayor Burt: Woodmansee.

Ms. Woodmansee: I took the bus up here and along—I thought I might run
into the Pope, but he wasn't there. We know that our Pope Francis says to
take the bus. We need to reduce our fossil fuel use. I'm here today to talk
to you about how important it is for us to have the bus rapid transit on ECR,
on El Camino Real. Basically, we have to reduce our fossil fuel use so
amazingly amount. They're saying the amount of carbon that we have to
reduce is equal to 12 times the whole transportation and airplanes for the 22
European countries. Twenty-eight, I think there are 28 European countries.
The amount of fossil fuel that is used by all 28 countries in the European
Union, what they use and their airports for their ground and airport
transportation, is the amount that we—12 times that we have to reduce in
the amount of about 10 years. That brings us to 2030. We're here; we're
almost 10 years from 2030 if we're going to meet any of the fossil fuel
guidelines. You can see the amazing amount that we have to reduce. We're
asking Palo Alto to be a leader. Look at this beautiful facility you have. I'm
so glad to be up here. I come from San Jose to talk to you because it's a big
issue. We spend so much money for the VTA, the Valley Transportation
Authority, so much tax dollars to create a plan for us. The book is
(inaudible) this big, and how many people. Their building is 12 stories high,
so we know how much resources goes into the VTA. Then, they create a
plan that says, "Here. This is the plan. It's called 4c. Their 4c plan, which
is in the median, to have the BRT running down El Camino as well as
eventually it needs to go down San Carlos and Stevens Creek, but that
would reduce our greenhouse gases. It's a social justice issue because it
cuts the amount of time it takes to go from the East Ridge Mall to Palo Alto
Transit Center by half. You have a social justice to make it easier for the
workers to travel. VTA does all this work, and then the cities say, "No thank
you.    We don't want that."      That's wrong.     We need to have traffic
management. We can't be unlimited amount of cars. There is just an
unlimited—it doesn't work to have an unlimited amount of cars. We need to
manage our traffic, and that's what VTA is proposing to do. Your City needs
to accept that, accept the evidence. Just like we have to accept the
evidence about climate change, you have to accept the evidence that VTA
has provided about better transit.

                                                                        Page 16 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
