                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Just wrapping up on my comments. I personally would like to
see at least a limited number of additional barricades on bike boulevards
included as a consideration. Let's get it out and have it discussed in the
community, pros and cons, and see what the response is. The response
may be too much opposition or it may be that they're embraced. I would
also just take exception that we're not talking about not doing anything.
What was done on Middlefield is very impactful. If we do measures like that
on other arterials, I think that could have a comparable impact. That would
be permanent and effective. It would increase safety at the same time for
bikes and cars. Before taking a few more comments from colleagues, I want
to just go to the public. We have one speaker card from former Mayor
Yoriko Kishimoto. I know there are at least two people here who are certain
they didn't break a car speed limit getting to the meeting.

Yoriko Kishimoto: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I've
been pleased with the general tone and direction that this is going. I'm here
to ask you to strongly oppose, banish the thought of raising any speed limits
in Palo Alto. Instead, concentrate on what you have been doing the last few
years, which is on Middlefield the structural changes which don't depend on
enforcement, which we don't seem to be very impactful with. Middlefield is
great.    Charleston-Arastradero, I think, has transformed that corridor,
allowing smooth but safe travel.        I appreciate the recent changes on
Embarcadero and El Camino as well. To my mind, raising the speed limits
no doubt will raise the average and cause unsafe speeding on these
residential arterials. They do serve the commuters, but they're also heavily
residential. Embarcadero has 120 active driveways and three schools and
many facilities that we all walk and bike to or at least cross to get there.
Council Member Filseth mentioned goals. I think we need to keep our eye
on the ball.      The long-term goal is long-term reduction in Citywide
automobile traffic and long-term reduction of unsafe speeding that deters
people from walking and biking. Please direct Staff to take raising the speed
limits off the table—I think there's no need to stir up that conversation—and
instead concentrate on the permanent. Just one word about the Safe Routes
to School. It's really great to enforce around the many schools we have, but
Safe Routes to Schools are of course across town. They're not just within
1,000 feet. Most people have to cross a residential arterial to get to the
middle school or high school. Citywide traffic safety is great. Thank you so
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       We have another speaker, Grant—I think it's
Dexter. Dasher.

Grant Dasher: Hello. I live on Middlefield. I actually want to be the
contrarian and say that I think—I moved here about a year ago. I thought
                                                                        Page 47 of 64
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/21/16
