                          TRANSCRIPT
is lucky to be right smack in the middle of the District and have many, many
excellent preserves. Every day I give my blessings that I can walk out the
door and be out in open space in a few minutes. There's very few places in
the world you can do that. As highlights, as I said when Measure AA—
thanks to the voters—passed in June 2014, it was a major transformation,
and our organization has to transform to deliver the projects that we
promised. We did a Financial Operational Sustainability Model (FOSM), they
call it FOSM, to really guide our changes over the next few years so that we
can gear up and so you would be very proud of the very systematic and
long-term view that we're taking for these changes.             There's internal
changes, but you'll be seeing the manifestation of it outside. The number
one request of the voters was more public access. Here's a few of them.
One is La Honda Creek that I pointed out towards the coast. The red barn is
one of the most conspicuous symbols of it. Probably in the next couple of
years we'll be opening up the first part of it which is Sears Ranch Road, and
then the red barn area following after that. The Bay Trail you all know very
well about. Stanford's $400,000 will be contributing to it. San Mateo
County Supervisors put in $1 million, and we will be as well. A critical half
mile that will be opening up is a significant part of it. Cooley Landing in East
Palo Alto, one thing going on there is the education center. I don't know if
you've been there, but there's a beautiful new building out there. It's not
open yet; it will be open April 9th, 2016. Please put that on your calendar
and come out and join us as well. Purisima to the Sea, that's going to be
another spectacular ridge to the sea trail. We're working to make a final
acquisition that will make it possible. In addition to acquisition and opening
the lands, the third leg of our mission is restoring the environment. These
include restoring the oak woodlands in Pulgas Ridge, watershed protection
which is El Corte de Madera where the old logging roads caused a lot of
erosion and sedimentation. We're reforming those. Grazing, we actually
own 10,000 acres of grazing land on the coast, so we're making grazing
compatible with restoration and protection of the lands there and keeping
alive agriculture on the coast. The wildlife crossings, one fact that I learned
was that over the last few years 13 mountain lions have been killed on
Highway 17, and many other animals. We're trying to create some crossings
there, so they can survive that. Two big ones outside the Palo Alto area,
Mount. Umunhum. If all goes well—I mean, the Board did pass a plan which
includes a beautiful trail to the top, an overlook, and many interpretive
features at the top. If all goes well, we will be opening it later this year.
We'll let you know when it's set. Bear Creek Redwoods, I don't know if
anyone has been there. It's another spectacular redwood preserve that will
quickly become a favorite. Currently there's stables there. The former Alma
College is located there and, of course, the redwoods. I know it's going to
be a favorite as soon as it opens. Community partnerships, this is one area
that we've actually been spending a little bit more time on than in the past,
                                                                          Page 3 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
