                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to Council for questions, and then we'll
go to the public, and then come back to the Council with comments and
action. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the presentation.
Thank you also to the PTC and PABAC for all the work that you've put into
this, and everybody from the community who went to the community
meetings and also reached out to us with their communications. I actually
have four questions or areas of questions. I'll try to blast through them
quickly so we can get going. I want to make sure I'm clear about this. It
sounds like the most significant fix for those of us who drive is the signal
time, which is really dependent on Caltrans, if I heard you correctly. You've
already changed our hardware; now you're just waiting for the data from
Caltrans. Once you have that, then we can start playing around with our
timing to coordinate with the Caltrans light that they control at El Camino
and Embarcadero/Galvez. That might be the most significant improvement
to car traffic for this whole mess of an area. Is that correct or am I
overstating the balance between that improvement for car traffic versus
what these changes might improve for car traffic?

Mr. Mello: We do anticipate that that'll make a significant difference. We
can't really estimate how much of a difference that will make to everyday
folks that are traveling through that intersection. There is quite a bit of
delay occurring from right-turners into the shopping center and right-turners
onto El Camino. Those won't be allayed by improving the signal timing.
Gary might have a little more input. Gary's the traffic engineer on this
project.

Gary Black, Hexagon Transportation Consultants: I would agree with the
statement that the signal coordination would make the biggest change and
relatively easily without expense.     Adding the right turn-lanes in our
calculations would also make about the same level of improvement, but
obviously there's a great deal more cost and effort involved in doing that.

Council Member Wolbach: Looking at the difference in—I guess the real
question before us tonight is kind of Alternative 1 versus Alternative 2.
Looking at the difference between them, I'm looking on Page 8 of the Staff
Report, Page 317 of the packet for my colleagues. If I'm reading this
correctly, the LOS—something we were talking about a lot earlier tonight—
improvement for cars—Alternative 1, it says negligible improvement. Not a
whole lot of improvement from what else we'd have. With or without the
information from Caltrans and the signal improvements, Alternative 1 would
have a negligible improvement. Alternative 2 would not have much of an
improvement either. It's only about 2.5 seconds.

                                                                      Page 63 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
