                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to go into Closed Session.

Mayor Burt: Let the record show that Council Member Wolbach has joined
us. He made the Motion, seconded by Council Member Berman. If there's
no discussion, please vote on the board. That passes unanimously on a 6-0
vote with Council Members Filseth, Schmid and Kniss absent. We will now
go into Closed Session.

MOTION PASSED: 6-0 Filseth, Kniss, Schmid absent

Council went into Closed Session at 5:04 P.M.

Council returned from Closed Session at 6:10 P.M.

Mayor Burt: At this time, the City Council is returning from Closed Session,
and we have no reportable items.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next Item will be City Manager Comments. While the City
Manager is getting seated, I'd like to welcome three Scouts that are here
tonight, Teddy Butler [phonetic], Spencer Suhu [phonetic] and Jackson
Young [phonetic]. Welcome and keep up your hard work. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Madam Mayor—excuse me—
Mr. Mayor, members of the Council. You guys will do better than I did in
Boy Scouts, also. Just a little report as to where we are on the winter
storm. I know that this may get tiresome, but obviously we've been spared
real problems. Again, as we've always expected, the effects of the potential
El Niño will happen from now through February. We continue to see a
pattern of light to moderate rainfall interspersed by one or two days of dry
weather which is just what we would hope to continue to see for easing the
long-term drought without engendering damaging floods. Forecasts for the
next two weeks call for a couple of dry days with rain returning Friday to
Saturday, etcetera. Over the past 24 hours, rainfall totaled pretty high
actually, between 1 1/2 to 2 inches in the Foothills. San Francisquito Creek
peaked with flow reaching 1,200 Cubic Feet per Second (cfs) around 1:00
P.M. For perspective, the point of the lowest capacity along the creek has an
estimated flow capacity of 4,600 cfs. We do continue to monitor the creek
                                                                            Page 2 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
