                          TRANSCRIPT
Environmental Volunteers, how much did they spend. What information do
we have to base a decision on what to do with any excess?

Mr. Perez: It's open for the Council to use on any historical project. That's
basically ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: We could use it for the restroom?

Mr. Perez: If it's part of that facility, we would have to look at it. You could
use it for any of the other historic projects that we have, Roth Building,
Avenidas.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It could go to any—it goes in a Special Fund, and we
use it for anything ...

Mr. Perez: The Council has discretion on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we have one member of the public to speak, Allan
Berkowitz. Welcome.

Allan Berkowitz:      Good evening.     I'm the Executive Director of the
Environmental Volunteers. In 2004, the then head of Community Services
asked to meet with me to present a crazy idea. He proposed that the EV
take on the Sea Scout Building project. This was followed up by wonderful
cheerleading from Karen Holman and, thus, began what can only be
described as one of the great public-private partnerships ever. Our small
organization accepted the challenge. Over the next 7 years, we worked
closely and collaboratively with the City to successful complete the project.
The EV raised $3.8 million, secured 15 local, State and Federal permits,
endured the economy's collapse, and through it all we persevered. The City
was a supportive partner, and the results speak for themselves. The
building is saved. The eyesore and security hazards have been removed.
We now welcome over 5,000 visitors annually who enjoy public benefit
education programs. We work collaboratively with the ranger Staff, the
Junior Museum and Save the Bay to enhance park experiences for visitors.
Before I continue, I want to let you know that we wanted to be respectful of
your time and not have a parade of people speak, but these folks here are
all residents of Palo Alto. They represent the leadership of our organization
and/or the leadership and supporters of our capital campaign. My message
to you is simple; my request is simple. Please honor the commitments
made by a previous City Council. Please continue to be a friend and partner
in preserving this great historic Birge Clark resource. You are asked to
support three things tonight or to take three steps tonight. One, allow the
                                                                             Page 10 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
