                          TRANSCRIPT
here. One has been what I would call the sustainability/quality of life
scenario in which we go to the public and we say, "Here's a scenario that
doesn't make traffic worse, at least on paper. All the other scenarios make
traffic worse right now." The conditions of life get better. What does that
look like? That's one scenario. The other scenario I've been hearing people
talk about is let's test and see what it really looks like if we build a lot of
housing. I actually would caution you that 10,000 units—if you build too
much, you're going to make it look really bad, and the community won't go
with you. If you go back with a slightly smaller number, it might give really
good information, and it may not have such a huge impact the community
would look at. The question is do we want to break the scenarios into two
scenarios, do a really large one. We could do 10,000 units; we could see
what it looks like. I'd be up for that. I also want to have a scenario that
says what makes quality of life at least maintained in Palo Alto, where things
don't get worse over the next 15 years.           I think that's looking at a
performance-based Zoning Code. I think that's all of the strategies to
mitigate stuff. I listened to the City Attorney, and I listened to the exchange
with the Mayor on that. I don't think we're going to know the answer to
that. I, for one, am willing to take some legal risk. I would be willing to say
you don't get a parking permit on some of this stuff, unless I got a letter
from the City Attorney says, "No, we're probably going to lose," as opposed
to that doesn't—maybe that one we lose, but maybe there are other ones.
The question is how do we go forward on some sort of sustainability
approach that makes Palo Alto a better place. That's what I want to do. I
want to have as much housing, frankly, which doesn't impact the quality of
life in Palo Alto in a really negative way. For me, that's building housing in
certain spots. That's what's difficult for me about this. I say to myself, "I
think we could have a bunch of housing Downtown. People could take the
train. They could walk to things. They could have a walkable, livable."
Then, I ask myself, "How many units can we build Downtown in the next 15
years?" If we built 2,000 units Downtown, that would be a lot. That would
completely change the character of Downtown. I don't think negatively; I
think it would actually be a positive to have that many units. I think we
could have a bunch of units on California Avenue. I think you could probably
have 2,000 units on California Avenue. I think you could take the Fry's site
have a really large number of units on that site. I'm less wild about El
Camino, frankly. I don't see it as walkable. I know we have the bus maybe.
I think people continually complain about the Rickey's Hyatt site; I still hear
about that. I wonder about what that looks like on El Camino and how that
feels to the community, but we could clearly have some units on El Camino.
How many units do we get if we start looking in those places? The other
place I'd like to think about housing is out by the hospital. If Stanford would
build housing units right around there, that would be a real positive. Since
they already have 12-story hospital buildings out there, do we really have to
                                                                        Page 97 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
