                          TRANSCRIPT
transition over time as the technology catches up and everybody's
willingness to share data, which is another of the major barriers to this
happening. Everybody thinks their data is pretty special. We're all moving
in that direction, so I would say that's maybe a couple of years out still for it
to be really user friendly.

Council Member Wolbach: Next question on funding. I note that your note
here on the last real page of the second presentation, you point out—I know
you're going to talk more about funding later. The kind of rough draft
budget that you have here doesn't include a lot of the things that are going
to be substantial parts of your budget. If there's anything you want to add
now or if Staff thinks that we should just wait entirely until the action item
at the end to talk about funding, while we have people here from the TMA
I'd be happy to hear from them if they have anything else they'd like to add
about funding requirements and what you see as challenges and
opportunities regarding funding.

Mr. George: I would have to say again time. We'd like to talk as a complete
Board about funding. One of the things that we are hoping to do and
looking at the complexion of our Board is it's a very diverse group. There's
some innovative ideas that can come out of this group. To answer that
question specifically might be a bit premature at this point. I assure the
formation of the Board had that in mind. The projects that we've kicked off
were really about showing how nimble the TMA can be right out of the gate.
I think on Thursday we'll have a finalized budget where every voice is heard
instead of just talking in generalizations at this point.

Council Member Wolbach: Two more questions. The City of Palo Alto is a
larger employer. Just want to as always encourage that we really walk the
walk. I think there's a lot that we can still do as a City to lead. There's
probably a lot more we can do as an employer ourselves. If there's anything
Staff wants to weigh in on that today, otherwise I know that's something
that Staff is keenly aware of. I just want to throw that out there again.
Lastly, again on the City shuttle and the TMA in conjunction there. TMAs are
often talked about as being really just for employees, just about reducing
employee trips. You guys have it right there in your mission statement that
it's about employees, employers and visitors and residents. If we're talking
about moving around visitors and residents, the City shuttle is about moving
around residents in particular. I think it's really important that we do have a
strong seat and a strong voice as a City representing the residents on the
TMA Board. I saw in the Staff Report that there is still flexibility going into
the future. I know there have been some concerns raised by folks in the
community, including Mr. Buchanan who I see sitting here, about the


                                                                          Page 40 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
