                     ACTION MINUTES
SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.      Approval of the Recommended City Position for the 2016 League of
        California Cities Resolution.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to authorize the City’s Voting Delegate to vote on the one (1)
resolution to be considered at the annual League of California Cities (LOCC)
conference to be held in Long Beach, CA from October 5-7, 2016 and
approve the general guidance provided below.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Scharff no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Berman reported that he and several Council Members
attended a peace walk this past Sunday, September 11. The walk began at
Congregation Etz Chayim and Spark Church. Several hundred people were
in attendance.

Council Member Holman reported that she also attended the peace walk.
She noted that she and many others stayed outside due to the large crowd.
She reported Police Chief Dennis Burns’ presence at the peace walk. She
requested Staff prepare a summary of State Ballot Propositions scheduled
for the November 8, 2016 Election for Council to consider potential support
or opposition any Propositions.

Council Member Wolbach requested Staff include local Ballot Measures to
allow Council to consider where it would like to support or oppose any
Measures. He expressed particular interest in Measure A, Santa Clara
County Affordable Housing Bond.

Mayor Burt requested Staff contact Santa Clara County to ensure they are
seeking local government support for Measure A. He also attended the
peace walk. He reported his attendance and that of Council Members
Holman and Kniss on Friday night at the Pacific Art League’s 90th
Anniversary Reception. The Reception was well attended. He also attended

                                                                           Page 6 of 7
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                             Action Minutes: 9/12/16
