                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Eggleston: Yes.

Mr. Keene: That's the whole idea. I think this is extremely important to
amplify. All we're really asking the Council to do is award the contract
tonight, weigh in on the process you want us to use with the public, the
sequence, knowing that by the fall, we would expect to have the 15 percent
design across the board on the bridge, so the baseline, the other things and
the potential enhancements. That would give you an idea of what the
alternatives are. It doesn't solve the funding gap problem, of course, but
we'd be able to come back to you at that point in time, and you can start to
see what the choices and tradeoffs would be for the design.

Council Member Holman: It might be helpful in the meantime maybe even
to just see some of the portfolio bridges that they've done in the past.
Maybe it's on their website; I didn't have chance to look. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just to be really clear, what's the total cost with all
of the optional features?

Mr. Eggleston: We don't have good estimates on those. I think on the slide,
I think, we showed $3-5 million for the optional things that we're designing
to 15 percent and bringing back to you.

Council Member DuBois: That would be $16-18 million total? $13 million
plus 3-5.

Mr. Eggleston: If you were to choose to proceed with all of those items.

Council Member DuBois: You said the M&N bridge was $17?

Mr. Eggleston: Seventeen was the number that we came up with in working
with them. What I also said is that we showed that to other people who said
they thought it would be a lot more.

Council Member DuBois: Are we doing comments as well? (inaudible) get
this over with. I'm not sure about this idea of optional components. If we're
going to build a $13 million bridge, let's do a $13 million bridge. It feels like
we're kind of backing into a lot of the features that were in the M&N bridge
in a more constructible manner, I guess, but still a pretty high price. At the
end of the day, if we added all those optional components, we would be up
there. Just the other questions on the One Bay Area money. Does that
come with any strings attached to it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) housing.
                                                                         Page 90 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
