                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: The section of Amarillo at Greer Park, the parking there is being
removed to add street trees and a curb extension. That's a very sun-baked,
wide-open, wide street. People are coming off West Bayshore relatively
quickly. We wanted to set the tone that they were entering a park area and
a residential neighborhood, so we kind of went heavy-handed with the street
trees on that section purposefully. The result is a lot of parking needs to be
removed in order to accommodate those trees.

Council Member DuBois: It's fairly significant. It's probably my area of
single biggest concern. The other thing is just again the idea I brought up
before of kind of peak versus average, particularly in residential
neighborhoods. When you're Downtown, if you have to park and walk a
couple of blocks to your office building, that's probably more reasonable, but
these are some large residential blocks. People have parked in front of their
house for years. I'm just concerned that a lot of people aren't aware of this,
and they're going to be pretty upset when we say there's plenty of parking a
block or two away from your house.

Mr. Mello: The peak along these three corridors occurs in the evening. Even
at peak, it's only a 26 percent utilization of the on-street parking. They
don't have to go a block; it's probably on the same block face, just a
couple—50 feet down the road.

Council Member DuBois: That's good to hear. If we're just sensitive to that
...

Mr. Mello: With the exception of Amarillo. Amarillo, there's a pretty
significant parking impact at Greer Park and at the Ohlone School where
we're recommending a shared-use path connecting the school to Louis.

Council Member DuBois: I like the Ohlone changes myself. The other
question I had is—I just offer this really for discussion. Is Ross correctly
classified? It seems to act more as a collector these days. I wonder if it
used to be more of a local street. I guess I'll offer a friendly amendment.
I'm not sure exactly how to word it, but I would ask that we reconsider
removing the parking at Greer Park and look to minimize the number of
spots that we lose.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just to clarify, is it Staff to reconsider without direction
to do so or is it direction to do so?

Council Member DuBois: I guess it would be direction to do so. In terms of
how many, I would leave that up to Staff. Just to highlight that it's a
particular area of concern. I'm open to suggestions.

                                                                         Page 59 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
