                         TRANSCRIPT
county because we are so built-out. We need to be more innovative. We
need to use our publicly owned lands better. To the extent that Palo Alto
has publicly owned lands, we encourage you to proactively set aside those
lands and also look to—lastly, we're very supportive of second units and any
innovative housing types like that that again use our land better. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Lydia Kou to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Lydia Kou: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. My name is Lydia
Kou. I'm here today as a resident, not a member of the Citizen Advisory
Committee for the Comp Plan. I think the greatest concern is the kind of
schizophrenic approval of development continuing now in the name of
providing housing. Residential growth has its own impacts, the need for
parks, community centers, community and recreation services and schools.
Building housing has impacts as well. If the current cumulative impacts are
not addressed, it will only further compound the issues. Let's face it,
without clearly and boldly expanding the office/R&D building cap to become
a Citywide cap with no exceptions and no unmonitored areas, data collected
is fudged. Then it becomes people's every day experience which become
better evidence of the inconveniences that they encounter day in and day
out.    There seems to be an inordinate focus on young, well-paid
professionals who spend most of their time at work and their need for
housing.     Also many have mentioned the concern of the loss of
socioeconomic diversity with housing prices continuing to rise. They are the
community members, volunteers, the teachers, the service workers, the
mom and pop store owners, the faith-based community members, childcare
providers, seniors in our community and also those who have special needs.
These are people who enhance our community. I want to give you a little
rundown of what Mountain View has available in their newly built
apartments, Carmel Village at San Antonio Center. They have a total of 330
units; 19 apartments available right now. Their range for the rent is $3,015
for a 500 square foot studio, $5,000 for a 690 square foot one-bedroom, and
a two-bedroom of approximately 1,051 square feet for $8,850. The complex
is also now offering free rent for one-bedrooms until April 1. The reason I
bring this up is when Mountain View is building the way it is and you build
over here high density, what is going to happen when demographic changes,
when the older millennials start having babies and wanting the yards? Think
about that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our speaker is Rita Vrhel to be followed by Peter
Stone.



                                                                       Page 70 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
