                          TRANSCRIPT
construction on ground water flows and flood risks, while invisible, are real
and overlooked. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff:      Thank you.     Bob Moss to be followed by Mark
Mollineaux.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Vice Mayor Scharff and Council Members. It's a
big packet. I'm just going to touch on a few issues. First on basements,
they should count toward the FAR, not 100 percent but let's say 50 percent.
However, if the basement impinges on the aquifer, then it should be 100
percent toward the FAR. On the building height, if you have housing and
you exceed the required BMR units, then you can increase the height to as
much as 60 feet. That would also apply if you have mixed-use, ground-floor
retail and housing up above. Otherwise, 50 feet and no more. That 60-foot
height would not apply if you're within 150 feet of an R-1 zone. Taking care
of people who are forced out of affordable housing, one way to do that would
be to require the developer to pay not only to relocate to equivalent housing
no further than 5 miles from the same site, but also to pay their rent for the
first year. That will discourage driving affordable housing people out. On
FAR overall, I think we should retain the FAR and not increase it. On the
50,000 square feet of office space, that should be Citywide. I'm willing to
allow, if you don't build 50,000 square feet in a particular year, to carry over
up to 10,000 square feet for up to two years. After that, it expires. On the
issue of retail space, in both the CS and CN zone we have a number of sites
which are illegally converted to office space. We've not been enforcing the
requirement for retail on the ground floor. That should end. We should
make a specific requirement that the Staff identify and eliminate all of the
office uses on the ground floor in CS and CN. They can require amortization
by no more than, say, six months. What's been put in there is illegal and
should not be allowed to continue. Finally, on retail space itself, I would
suggest that we encourage it by offering retailers a 20 percent discount for
the first year on utilities.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mark Mollineaux to be followed by Dan Garber.

Mark Mollineaux: Hello again. I appreciate all the care put into this Plan.
It's a very thoughtful document written in good faith and considers every
small detail very aptly. I believe it misses all of the big picture. I'd say
tragically that it never really had a chance to address the big picture at all.
You're not going to adapt the best plan this way. You'll adapt the best plan
that Palo Alto residents will agree with. Let's talk about $2.7 million, that's
the median price of a home in Palo Alto. I would say this is a problem. I
would say it's a disaster. Within a city, people have certain privileges. Even
though I think it's a shame, I think it should be hung up in this room, $2.7

                                                                        Page 83 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
