                          TRANSCRIPT
pedestrians and provides the residential space that we really need and could
potentially be decoupled from parking in a way that's actually effective and
avoids the negative impacts. That's how I'm starting to think about that. I'll
leave my comments at that for now.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. There's a couple of good things about this
project. I think the residential is a really good part of this project. I actually
like the ground-floor retail as well. I think that's really good. A couple of
things, I think. First of all, I think we should do away with the ground-floor
office. I think that should all become retail. I think that would do away with
some of the concerns about building more office and not having enough
retail space, which I heard some of the speakers talk about. I think if we
move in that direction, it becomes a much, much better project. I also was
interested in the concept of the lift parking, because then they could park it.
They could also deal with the four spaces they don't have currently. The
other thing I think that's missing from this, that we talked a little bit about,
is a really robust TDM program. I would be looking for something where we
say the TDM program shall have a 30 percent reduction in trips. I think
that's aggressive, and I think that would hopefully make the traffic situation
better after this project. Whenever I say that, I'm also torn that here I am
saying I want you to fully park it and have a 30-percent reduction in trips. I
recognize the inconsistency in that statement. I guess I wanted to ask—you
have some surface parking here. How much of this is surface parking? If
it's okay, I was going to ask Staff; I wasn't going to ask the applicant.

Mayor Burt: Let's ask Staff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, I was asking Staff. If you know the answer.

Mr. Lait: Calculate (crosstalk).

Mr. Hayes: I think there's 15 spaces onsite. We actually got rid of the four
spaces. We had them; we got rid of them because we wanted to put more
landscaping at the ground level. They are between the house on the RM-40
lot. On the Grant side of the building, we had more parking there. I think
we'd still like to put it in the garage, because we want the landscaping.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One of the things I was thinking about is if we require
the TDM program, the 30 percent reduction in trips which do a robust TDM
program, I would assume you would go out, add Zipcars, bicycles, the whole
nine yards of transit passes, both the bus transit and the Caltrain passes.
I'm not trying to be prescriptive here, but I mean the whole nine yards, a
good 30 percent trip reduction. I wonder if we could have some sort of
                                                                          Page 44 of 110
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/23/16
