                          TRANSCRIPT
which isn't going to be any more successful as a retail use. Under the
underlying zoning, we could have leased the front part. We could have
leased that to an Alma frontage, retail user, and then done something else
with the back. It allowed for some flexibility when you don't find an
Anthropologie. The current moratorium prevents that and just takes away
useful flexibility that the foresight of the previous ordinance left in place.
We do support the idea that Heather Young and Jonathan Satz put forward,
that an education use is retail-like and should be included in that retail-like
use. I would just encourage you not to do a blanket, to draw the widest net.
Our property is the victim of kind of a straight-line approach. We're just
going to straighten that line out and move it all along. Even though the
property may not belong there, it's going to be included in an area. Don't
expand that and do it Citywide. A better approach is to look at the
individual areas, the individual properties and see what fits best.           I
encourage you to do that and to also allow the education use and flexibility.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Brand, to be followed
by Loren Brown. Welcome.

Richard Brand: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. Richard Brand,
281 Addison. I'm here to speak in support of the Staff's well-written Report.
I'd encourage you to stand by your Ordinance, which was done just for the
reasons that we're here. The previous speaker spoke about fringe retail
area on the Addison two properties. Ace Hardware, when they first opened,
people said that would never work because it's too far from Downtown. We
know how that's happened.          The same thing about the properties on
Addison. Mr. Levinsky has made a good commentary about the other
stores. I'm going to focus on Addison, because that's where I live. I drive
by that corner of Addison and Alma probably twice a day if not eight or ten
times. It's my entryway to going north and south. I can tell you that many
times I have to stop for people going across the street and not using the
crosswalk, because it's vibrant. The issue of finding somebody to take that
retail space—that's retail and very vibrant retail space. As we know, our
retail area has expanded with the growth of the City. Anthropologie became
a destination store, and a lot of people drive to that store that don't even
live in Palo Alto. I think with the right kind of marketing, the owners of that
property and both properties for that matter can find retail stores that would
like to come. If nothing else, they're going to get people returning to find
out where Anthropologie went. I want to speak about 100 Addison, which is
three blocks from my house. I know the story of that. It was my good
friend and neighbor, Ken Allsman, who was one of the owners. We were
working on our RPP at the time, and I said, "Ken, why are you closing your
store?" In fact, he said, "Because they won't"—Jeff Levinsky mentioned
                                                                       Page 65 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
