                          TRANSCRIPT
C.    Conduct review processes keeping the Urban Forest Master Plan and
      the Parks Master Plan as part of input consideration.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak further to your Motion?               We have a
second by Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Holman: No—just a few comments. Most of the questions
that you see in front of you are ones that I had raised the other day. I just
have concerns because, while some things are maybe obvious to Staff who's
been involved in this, they're not obvious to me. I went through the
Ordinance, so I don't see any reference to Canopy. I don't see any
reference to heat island effect. While Staff mentions that that's addressed in
the California Green Building Code, I think it's important for an Ordinance to
be effective to at least reference that, at least cross-reference it. Otherwise,
we end up with unintended consequence or people, who don't have some
kind of working knowledge of unintended consequences and what isn't really
desirable, could end up doing things that are actually counterproductive to
water conservation. There's a lot of landscape that creates habitat, provides
habitat, and actually provides cooling for water retention and less water
evaporation. I think keeping those things all in mind will be helpful in terms
of any Ordinance that comes back. Lastly, when the Ordinance comes back,
I think it's going to be helpful to note where the differences are between the
State Ordinance and what Staff is proposing. I don't think that was very
clear in what was put in our Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd just echo a lot of these comments. I think you
guys are getting a sense of the feedback from the community here. I think
talking to some of these groups and experts—I think one of the concerns
definitely is the impact on the ecosystem. If it's all native plants, what
would nurseries have available? In some cases, it can be a very limited
inventory.     Do we end up almost with a monoculture in terms of
landscaping? I think part of the Palo Alto way here is really looking at
saving water for sure, but having a healthy ecosystem at the same time and
exploring some of those options. Again, Peter, the way you described it
tonight made sense to me, but when I read the Ordinance, I didn't read that
you had to have a building permit. Just make sure the language is clear and
correct. There's a thing in here that you don't have to apply unless you
have new or expanded water service. Even if you didn't have a permit but
you were going to use more water, it sounded like it could trigger this.
Again, I think being very clear of who's impacted and when.

Mr. Pirnejad: We'll be clearer.

                                                                             Page 37 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
