                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: That money is supposed to be totally fungible for transportation
purposes for us.

Council Member Berman: That could be a source of funds so that we don't—
I agree with Mayor that we shouldn't wait and sit for a couple of years on
some of these improvements. That could be a source of funds, if for some
reason we decide not to move forward with the transportation tax initiative.
I'm significantly more leaning towards the side of let's kind of take a
breather and have a broader conversation, I think, amongst Council, which
we really haven't had. I mean that was my uncomfortability [sic] with this a
couple of months ago. We said we were going to poll this as one of the
ideas, but that there was still a broad spectrum of possibilities for how we'd
raise this money.      I understand that the Ad Hoc Committee had a
conversation about that. Now we're left with just this one option, and we
still haven't had that conversation at the Council level and with the
community that I think we should. Also just looking at the numbers and
given the fact that I'm guessing the business community, if they feel like
they haven't had an opportunity to weigh in and participate in the process,
they're not going to be likely to support this. There's going to be a strong
opposition. We did not have that with the infrastructure tax. I know, I was
on the Infrastructure Committee, a campaign committee as well as the
committee and the earlier committee. I think we're going to get a better
result. We know this about Palo Alto. We have the Palo Alto process for a
reason. Trying to put something on the ballot in four months isn't that
process. I'm not closed off to this as a possibility; I just don't think
necessarily that given the truncated timing, I don't think 2016 is a smart
play.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I'm not quite ready to throw in the towel and say
let's wait 2 ½ years. They're big issues for Palo Alto. The survey we have
has a lot of rich data, but some surprises. We've really only had a few hours
with it. It came this afternoon late. We're trying to absorb the numbers. I
guess I want to think a little bit about the question on the TOT tax, what's
the relationship between the survey and the votes. I'd like to compare it
with the community survey results on some things. I'd like to get out the
budget and say, "What are the big transportation initiatives we're spending
on and how could this have an impact in it?" I might be in favor of deferring
it for a week, and just having a week to absorb the data, think it through.
Come back next week, have a vote on what to do.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.


                                                                      Page 127 of 135
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/2/16
