                          TRANSCRIPT
it's coming to you in a couple weeks. It's a legally required document to
analyze and mitigate these impacts that will be discussed therein. It's going
to inform along with the fiscal analysis the critical choices ahead. One of the
things I'm sure you noticed about the Packet was there was not a Draft EIR
in it itself. Tonight, really what we're doing is we're just introducing you to
what the Draft EIR does and shows. A little background on that. We'd
scheduled this meeting coming forward on the Draft EIR a few months ago.
When we realized that the EIR itself would not be ready, we wanted to
preserve this opportunity and start with a high-level concept conversation
with you. Given the Draft EIR's nature, we fully expect some confusion on
how to use it, so we wanted to use tonight to have that conversation. A
couple of high-level issues we wanted you to note. Really, Number 2, the
second bullet, is the most important for us. The heart of the Draft EIR is
this concept of the four scenarios that the Council requested, that Staff
developed to provide quantifiable data on a suite of potential land use
decisions that could be made in the Comprehensive Plan and in our Zoning
Code. It's important to note this. These land use decisions are not
prescriptive. They could be interchanged with similar decisions to generate
the results. In fact, Staff fully expects that none of these scenarios will be
adopted or implemented as is. They could be mixed up; they could be
combined; new ideas can be introduced. We could create a final scenario
that would be used in the blueprint moving forward. We do ask that no one
get tied to any specific element related to the land use concepts you'll be
hearing. This is just a map of what the sphere of influence is in our area.
This is a concept that you'll see reflected in the next few slides. It's
essentially Stanford University included with the City.          There are four
scenarios. This is the first one. What you see is a small chart showing what
the anticipated additional growth would be under housing units, population
and jobs. The City and then the City and Statement of Intent (SOI). Really
this is the no project alternative, if you've followed Draft EIRs before. This is
as if nothing changed. We'd keep going under the existing Comp. Plan.
There's no new significant zoning changes.            We implement the City's
infrastructure plans as is, and we don't implement any new growth
management strategies. Fairly straightforward, it's required under State law
and CEQA. Scenario 2 we dubbed "slowing growth." You can see here that
the numbers have changed a bit; they're smaller than the previous slide. I'll
have a summary slide at the end of this, so you can see them all compared
to one another. This is the most aggressive job growth slowing that we see
in our four scenarios. A whole set of potential Retail and Development
(R&D) and office limits, other mechanisms explored.               There's some
discussion related to smaller housing units, keeping existing densities,
though; that's important. You can see the other elements here. Scenario 3,
we call that "housing tested," because this is the first opportunity within the
four scenarios to start moving housing around, particularly those housing
                                                                              Page 43 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
