                          TRANSCRIPT
diet in our neighborhood before, which resulted in five beautifully successful
years of bike Palo Alto event being co-organized by all of the volunteers that
were inspired initially from our little, low-carbon diet group. I just want to
say I'm really excited to see Palo Alto support it. If Palo Alto's not going to
support it, who the heck is? A couple of benefits I could see coming from it
are just the things that happened with my initial group in the neighborhood.
Neighbors get together and the anxiety over climate change just dissolves so
quickly into action. People are so nervous about it. It just helps so much to
have a group of people to do things with. It really does keep you—it holds
you accountable to all of these small things. Yeah, businesses are using a
majority of the energy, but guess what? The residents in Palo Alto work at
those businesses, and they vote, and they hold green teams at the
businesses. It really does spread. I think of it as kind of a Weight Watchers
thing. I can't stay on a diet without group support. That's just me; maybe
I'm weak. I've found that it was the case for my neighbors in that we really
did inspire one another. The additional piece that the Cool Cities brings is
the piece about emergency preparedness. I know in our block we don't have
an emergency preparedness leader. In our neighborhood, I know there
were actually a couple of us that were certified on the green team. I know
that there's interest in doing that as well. It can be a way of reaching more
people and drawing them into the CERT program as well. I think anything
that's going to bring people out of their homes and volunteering and
meeting City initiatives is just—got to give it the thumbs up. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Vanessa Warheit. I don't see
her, so we will now close the public comment period, return to the Council.
Council Member Filseth, I think you were where we left off.

Council Member Filseth: Sorry about that earlier. Thanks very much. It
seems to me that sort of the concerns that I hear people raising about this
kind of fall into questions really, fall into two buckets. One is, is this going
to take a lot of Staff time and expense. Council Member Scharff asked about
how many hours of Staff time it would take, and I think implicit in there is, is
there going to need to be some budget for this as well. Either organizing
whereas this seems like the kind of thing that ought to really be community
driven, not Staff driven, or else potentially spending a lot of time out of the
City and other cities sort of talking about this kind of stuff. One is the Staff
time. The second has to do with there seems like some overlap with stuff
that we're already doing in the City and arguably in some cases we're ahead.
I think it's important that we not sort of impair stuff that we're already doing
well for the sake of promoting something to other cities. If we're going to go
down this path, it seems like we need to really put a lot of focus on adopting
its pieces so that it makes sense for Palo Alto as opposed to trying to tell
other cities to do something different than they do. I guess I still haven't
                                                                          Page 50 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
