                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I wasn't. So this is good clarification. We have currently two
separate fees, because it's two different steps in the process. For an IR,
someone would pay $200 and something for the director's hearing. They
might get their wish; they might get a director's tentative decision that they
liked, or they might not get what they wished and have to appeal it again.
In that case, we would expect them to pay an additional $200 and whatever.

Council Member DuBois: My intent under "A" was to clarify that they would
pay one fee, a fixed fee, about the $280. It was really thinking broadly to
apply to IR as well as commercial. If that needs to be clarified, let us know.

Ms. Gitelman: I think it would be good to clarify in "B" that the person
requesting an appeal or a director's hearing will pay $280 and shall not have
to pay for both of those things.

Council Member DuBois: Is there any other confusion?

Mayor Burt: We have to see what those things are. Council Member
DuBois, it certainly says for both steps. I guess we have to make clear in
the Motion what we're referring to as both steps. I think that's outside the
Motion.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: I think it would just be ...

Council Member Kniss: Doesn't it say that (inaudible)?

Council Member Berman: No, that'd be the opposite (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: Can we just say the person requesting an appeal
and/or a director's hearing will pay a maximum $280 fee in total?

Ms. Gitelman: Except in the case where it's an Applicant. If it's an
applicant, presumably we're going to have the ability to charge more.

Council Member DuBois: Yes, right. I don't want to over wordsmith this. I
feel like we're getting into that. I just wanted to make sure the intention
was clear. Is there any other part of the process under "A"—it's a general
question. I know you guys are chatting a lot amongst yourselves. There
was, I think, some confusion about the appeal fee structure.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part B, “or a Director’s
                                                                        Page 37 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
