                         TRANSCRIPT
large Eichler neighborhood. On a road that abuts Royal Manor, here's three
typical little Eichlers before and two years after. It was this house that
actually and several others in our neighborhood that inspired us to actually
pursue a single story overlay. We didn't want this. As a matter of fact, this
house has now gotten—its neighbors are now applying for a single story
overlay, and they're in the process of that. In conclusion, we've examined
all the alternatives. As best we can tell, the SSO is the most viable
alternative to protect our neighborhood. It does not protect any individual
Eichler. They can be torn down, but it protects the neighborhood as a
whole. The good thing about please is we have over 20 year’s experience
with single story overlays. In those neighborhoods, very few tear-downs
actually occur. Privacy is preserved, and people seem to like it. A single
story overlay must not be so terrible, because in 23 years not a single one
has been rescinded. Not surprisingly the process has become a point of
contention, so there's a few points I'd like to expand on. We started two
years ago, but in March of 2015—this is the guilty FAQ. It had a process—it
says we had a mistake in it but we said in it this has not been approved by
City Planning. It was under review, but it was not approved. We did not use
this to collect any signatures.      This was our first approaching of our
community to see if there was any support. We couldn't collect signatures
because we hadn't actually created our petition yet. We did ask people to
respond if they supported it or not. They could either email or they could
drop it off at Ben's house. 80 percent of the people that responded
supported the establishment of a single story overlay encouraging us to
carry on. We went on with that. Amy actually was a great help. She
actually created our mistakes. She approved our petition, and we started
distributing that. It was only two months later that we started collecting
signatures only with this FAQ which was completely correct. The nature of
the petition is unambiguous. You're signing for support. We submitted and
then went to the Transportation and Planning Commission which we got their
approval, which brings us to this hearing. It's important to note that the
Royal Manor single story overlay application was complete in all manners
and has achieved every requirement in the Code. The elephant in the room
really is the eroding support; it's come up. We've lost some; we've gained
some. In this slide, there's a slightly different one. We have six houses that
are yellow, and those are non-responders. Those are people that after
months, we were never able to actually connect to. They are all absentee
landlords. Some of mine, I've sent scores of emails once I figured what they
are. As you can see, there's an awful lot of blue. We suggest that the
Council approves the application in its entirety. We recognize some of our
friends and neighbors disagree with us. We are willing to compromise. We
believe that maybe there can be a process or some guidelines. We're
supportive of that. We do believe it would be optimal if the Council approves
the application and its completion.            If we do develop guidelines,
                                                                        Page 68 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
