                          TRANSCRIPT
I don't think you addressed it tonight, was how many other cities were using
something like this?

Mr. Reichental:   Maybe if I could ask clarification.   An ERP system or SAP
specifically?

Council Member Kniss: No, no, ERP.

Mr. Reichental: What's the specific question? Is it ERP or SAP?

Council Member Kniss: What other cities are doing. It's the same question I
asked last year about ERP. What other cities are using ERP?

Mr. Reichental:  I would say 99 percent.         This is now very, very
commonplace. I'm sorry I didn't answer that before.

Council Member Kniss: That was the question that we had asked last year.
We're looking at stuff from 11 months ago, correct?

Mr. Reichental: The Finance Committee? Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, uh-huh.

Mr. Reichental: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: Moving right along. I would ditto what others have
said. Also to repeat, when you have minutes such as these, it makes it a
whole lot easier a year later to remember what you might have said at a
meeting that was last March.

Mayor Burt: I think that concludes our questions and comments from the
Council. We have one member of the public who wishes to speak, Sea
Reddy. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. I just happened to
be working in that industry. I worked many years implementing ERP
systems for Direct TV, Hughes, Northrop and Boeing. I totally agree with
Jonathan. I met him first time; I knew of him. He's doing exactly what
anybody would do in his capacity. The questions you've asked are very
legitimate. There are two things that I'd like to bring up to add more value.
The word government, I think, don't be using that word too much.
Government brings some other things with it. It might be more like a public
utilities, public organization, City Halls. You have zillions of cities that need
to do the same services. That's one thing. We have some very good
experts in the town. (inaudible) worked for the White House. He used to be
(inaudible) Chief Information Officer (CIO). He worked for Microsoft. You
                                                                          Page 17 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
