                          TRANSCRIPT

What they want to do is a good idea, but what they have figured out is a
disaster. What they have, we've seen time after time after time in the year
that has concluded, we have seen the greater density in offices and in
commercial as a direct result of an ordinance, the Density Bonus Ordinance,
which is intended to get more housing. I think somebody needs to talk to
the State Senate and the State Assembly of California and say this is what
has happened, and you have not thought this through. What we get is more
density in the business and less in—an infinitesimal amount of public benefit
for it. That needs to be done. I would suggest that they always want more,
and that you just decide right now that all of the more is going to be in
affordable housing. All of it. Not three affordable housing units as a quid
pro quo for 21 non-affordable units of whatever, but all of it. I would
suggest respectfully that that would save you a lot of trouble in the long run.
Thank you very, very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to the Council for questions and then
we'll have discussion and motion. You're welcome to have both questions
and comments at this time. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just a brief question. You said one project dropped
off, Hillary. Could you tell us what project that was and how many square
feet?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes. One project dropped off. It was a project at 3045 Park
Boulevard. In September we identified it as having close to 29,000 square
feet. In reality it turned out to be a somewhat smaller project because there
was existing square footage on the site that could be subtracted. It's kind of
moot because the application was withdrawn.

Council Member Kniss: Totally?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

Council Member Kniss: That leaves the ones that you have here, of course.
Just to re-establish, if one of those drops out, then we're right underneath.
We never did talk about what happened if we went over 2,000 or 3,000
square feet, did we?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. If one drops off or if one of them says I'm not
going to do office, I'm going to do medical office. Remember, up to 5,000
square feet of medical office is exempt. Then we would be under the
50,000.

                                                                         Page 51 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
