                          TRANSCRIPT
that has water issues. I think of the dewatering issue that came up. That
generated a lot of input from neighbors. There are a lot of interesting issues
that came out of that; use of groundwater, waste versus use, landscape,
trees, buildings, construction practices. You had active, engaged neighbors
dealing with it, working together, going back and forth. I think that's a good
example of neighbors working through issues of sustainability. I'd certainly
encourage, City Manager, if there are two or three of these ten-block areas
at least one of them comes from this alluvial fan area.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thanks. Following on the pilot aspect of this,
which I appreciate. If I look at the Memorandum of Understanding, it talks
about it does through a nine-meeting, 4 1/2-month program, blah, blah,
blah. Then it says the pilot phase will take place in three cities; that's great.
Then it says the Cool Block program will then be integrated in the Cool City
Challenge, a 3-year campaign to achieve. Where's there a City Council
check-in between that 4 1/2-month pilot and the 3-year campaign that's a
program? The pilot is not a program.

Mr. Keene: We would actually have to make an affirmative decision to throw
our hat into the competition to part of the Cool Cities Challenge or the Cool
program that you're talking about.

Council Member Holman: When would that—is there a timeframe that we
can affirmatively state now that after this 4 1/2-month—when that would
come to Council? Through the Mayor, can Sandy Slater speak?

Mayor Burt: Go right ahead.

Ms. Slater: I'll hurry up. If the pilot happens as we expect, we will finish
with the pilot by the end of this year with the two phases, the 10 blocks and
then the 20 blocks. Then we're going to put out an RFP next year to cities
saying, "We're now open for business. Who would like to step up and
participate and challenge their residents to reduce their carbon footprints by
25 percent and engage at least 25 percent of their residents to do this?"
The $2 1/2 million is actually to help implement the program in the city, but
that's an RFP that will go out. Palo Alto can choose not to even apply.
That's certainly a choice. That would be in probably late 2017.

Council Member Holman: Understanding that, but I'm still looking for at
what phase would this come back to the City Council to see what's been
developed as a part of the pilot.


                                                                          Page 59 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
