                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I had a bunch of questions for Sandra.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you repeat whatever question you have?

Vice Mayor Scharff: You heard the dialog with the City Manager. Do you
want me to repeat the questions or do you feel comfortable?

Ms. Slater: I think you can repeat them so ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: The first question was where the Cool Cities program
suggests something that's different than what's suggested by our e-prep.
I'm concerned about there being a mixed message. How do you intend to
address that? I think LED flashlights versus candles was what I—if I’m
wrong, tell me I'm wrong. We don't suggest candles.

Ms. Slater: In the program, we don't tell people to use candles. We tell
them to use LEDs and flashlights. We also know in our hearts, all of us, that
sometimes we can't find the flashlight. Sometimes the battery is worn out,
and we have to go use candles. In that case, we want people to be able to
use candles in a safe way, so we show them. If you're going to use candles,
this is the right way to do it. We're not promoting they use candles. We're
promoting flashlights and other things. If they're going to use candles, we
want them do it safely. That was one of maybe—actually it's the only one
that I've heard of from emergency prep that was an issue. I don't see that
as an issue.

Vice Mayor Scharff: To your knowledge then, there's no conflict in the
message of what we're suggesting locally and what you're suggesting for the
Cool Cities.

Ms. Slater: I think we're providing a whole list of actions. All these actions
have been vetted and, in fact, we've worked with the Department of
Emergency Management in New York City and the New York City Fire
Department and the New York City Police Department. All this has been
vetted. Our approach is not like we just didn't pull this out of the air. This
has been vetted by people who know their stuff really well.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Have we vetted it with Ken Dueker?

Ms. Slater: Yeah, we have. In fact, Ken Dueker sort of modeled his
program after the program that we did in New York City. He's added to it.
Ken's amazing, so he's done a lot with it. It was sort of fashioned on that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: One more question for you. Other things I recall. The
way this works is that you have a block. Is it going to be one block? The

                                                                        Page 45 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
