                          TRANSCRIPT
straight into our General Fund expenses. The lion's share continues to be
salaries and benefits with a revised proposed budget of $194.1 million. This
is down from $198 million that you saw in April. Your General Fund
revenues are actually slightly up at $195.1 million. You'll see in bold those
categories; we'll go into greater detail later, but those are revenue estimates
that we're recommending to revise based on more current information. Your
Citywide positions or Full Time Equivalent (FTE) count has not changed
actually from what was proposed in April; however, based on
recommendations or requests by the Finance Committee to reduce or
eliminate two positions, there is a recommended funding reduction
equivalent to two positions that we'll come back and identify later. They are
recommended in the Fire Department. You'll see those notes in the shaded
box. Just to remind you of what the ten position additions are. There's 2
1/2 positions that are dealing with Planning; there are four positions in PW,
primarily in wastewater control; there's one in Community Services; there's
1/2 in Library; there's a full position in Human Resources; and one in
Information Technology. It's important to kind of remember as we go
through this that, although you're showing that ten position addition, by the
end of this you really are only at eight. You're only adding one in the
General Fund instead of that 3.23 that you see up there. Once we come
forward with those two position eliminations, you're really, despite all the
demands going on, only having that one position add in the General Fund.
What's changed between April and now? You can see at the very beginning
of the slide we have your starting point, the April budget's General Fund
revenues and General Fund expenses. As we move through, these are all
actions that have been recommended either by Staff or the Finance
Committee through the budget hearing process.             The first one is the
Planning and Transportation contingency addition. Two new Residential
Preferential Parking (RPP)s that were added by the Council. Changing the
tree trimming contract cycle from Staff's 15-year proposed to a 10-year
cycle. Two position funding reduction. Adjustment to the schedule of some
general Capital Improvement Program (CIP) projects; there's three of them.
That revised General Fund tax revenue. You can see by the end of the day,
we have that $195.1 million versus the $194.1 million in expenses. You
actually are increasing you Budget Stabilization Reserve by the end of what's
currently in front of you. To go into a little bit more detail on that revenue.
That $2 million you see here is split out. It's a net change amongst about
five different revenue categories. Your biggest change is in your property
tax and utility user tax. Property tax, over the course of the last week or so,
we've received revised estimates from the County. This is based on roll
correction estimates, current assessed values, and their best guess. You'll
see a year-over-year from the adopted '16 budget to your revised '17
proposed estimate has 11 percent growth. The major change in utility user
tax is based on current year tracking as well as refining those rates that you
                                                                            Page 11 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
