                         TRANSCRIPT
on investment. You also recognize that your investment will provide the
TMA with the ability to demonstrate their proof of concept. You recognize
that with the launch of programs, other investors will then follow. You
recognize that the return on investment is the reduction in single vehicle
occupancy trips, thus allowing perhaps more parking for consumers, thus
creating more sales tax revenue; therefore, better City services for your
residents. With that all said, I strongly encourage you and the business
community that I represent strongly encourages you to support fully the
TMA tonight without any hesitation whatsoever. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Susan Graf to be followed by Jon Kiya.

Susan Graf: Good evening, Mr. Mayor, City Council. Susan Graf. I'm a
small retailer. I always like to give myself a plug. I sell ladies' and men's
wear on the corner of Hamilton and High. Whether big or small, we all
Downtown face the same frustration in parking and traffic. I am thrilled to
know that my fellow business community is stepping up to support the TMA.
Shout out of thanks to Google, Palantir and what Stanford's doing to not
only help fund the TMA, but adapting their own internal solutions. I'm extra
impressed about the volunteer Board of the TMA. My world. I have part-
time employees. They have to close the store when they're working alone to
move their car. You do the math. Positive note. I'm thankful to the City
Council for being so watchful in gathering residents and the business
community to be part of this very important conversation. You address
funding. Here's my check. I'd like to be part of this. I'd like to end with for
me this TMA is the light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jon Kiya to be followed by Adina Levin.

Jon Kiya: Hi, Jon Kiya, longtime resident in Palo Alto, speaking on behalf of
the Chamber of Commerce and its members. The Chamber's very excited
that after 2 years of development the TMA launched in January of this year.
The Chamber fully supports TMA and its holistic and data-driven approach to
finding and helping implement traffic and parking solutions for Downtown.
The Chamber would even provide the TMA with some free space at the
Chamber's office to show our support. Additionally, two members of the
Chamber's Board are volunteers on the TMA's Board. As we've seen and
heard, the business community has been very involved in getting the TMA
launched and will continue to be very involved.          We think that that
groundswell from the business community is very important in helping to
find solutions and to change behaviors. We have to get our workers from
home to here, and we need to reduce trips by single occupancy vehicles,
particularly in Downtown, Cal. Ave. and the Research Park. As we've heard
tonight, many of our largest employers have active TDM programs that

                                                                         Page 67 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
