                         TRANSCRIPT
was being excluded. That doesn't mean we would necessarily force that, but
it becomes housing sites. I think it should also be location specific. I don't
think the whole Research Park or all along Bayshore are appropriate places
for additional dense housing. They don't have services. If they don't have
transit options, those are not where we want to do it. We need a sculpted
approach on where we would put those overlays. I would put that to the
CAC and Staff to look at most appropriate areas for housing overlays in
those zones. I think those are my principal comments on this section.
Maybe we can call out Council Member DuBois. If it's okay with my
colleagues, can I go first and not only have questions but comments and
then I take off on this next section? Thank you.

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 9:27 P.M.

Mayor Burt: One of the areas on Downtown is this issue of height limits. I
don't know who it was. One of my colleagues had brought up stories,
because I don't think we should be looking at the two independently. We've
had arguments on height limits Downtown when it was around ground-floor
retail and office. Arguments being that if you want high-quality retail, it
needs to be a higher ceiling on the ground floor in today's retail. With other
interstitial space requirements for office, it put us a few feet above 50 feet
without builders going through real high additional expense to try and just
keep it at the 50 feet. I'm open to some moderation of that. I think there
are really two decisions. Do we need any difference if we're going to have a
mixed use in the Downtown area of ground-floor retail and residential
above? If so, how many floors do we think are appropriate? If we have one
floor of retail—Hillary, that's about what height? What height do we need
per floor of residential?

Ms. Gitelman: The first floor would be about 15 feet. I think it ranges, but
the thought was in 55 you could get retail and housing above and a
reasonable set of floor to ceiling.

Mayor Burt: Retail. How many floors of housing, four floors of housing, 10
feet per floor? Fifty-five feet would allow one floor of tall retail and four
floors of residential above. I would be open to that. I'll just say that part.
One of the things, though, that should go hand in hand is what happens
above it. We've talked quite a while about mechanical space, where it can
now go well above the minimum necessary for mechanical space, and it can
go out closer to the edge, beyond what it needs. It has the appearance of
being another floor. I would want to link this additional height in Downtown
areas for pure residential or mixed-use residential to further restrictions on
that top mechanical space. With that, I would also like to see Citywide
better use of top floors. In today's environment, they should either be for

                                                                       Page 79 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
