                         TRANSCRIPT
have a carbon-neutral electric portfolio, which reduces some of the non-
quantifiable benefits to local generation. Of course, the constraints of
Proposition (Prop) 26 we face. At the bottom of this slide, you can see the
list of programs that Ed reiterated that were adopted as part of the local
solar plan and that are under that umbrella. Net Energy Metering is a
current program, is one more program on top of the several others that
were shown on the previous slide. It's a longstanding program. It's
mandated by State law. Essentially what it does is it allows customers to
roll their meters backwards. If they're generating more than they use in one
more part of the day, they're essentially able to use that energy later in the
evening when they're consuming. State law requires that Palo Alto offer this
incentive up to the point when solar penetration reaches five percent of Palo
Alto's peak load. It doesn't provide a lot of strong definitions on what peak
load is. Based on our current definition, that penetration level is 9.5
megawatts. We are expecting to reach that this year. The State law
requires that we offer this incentive up to that point but makes no statement
about what we need to do after that. That's led to a really wide variety of
different programs at other publicly owned utilities around the state and, I
think, has contributed to some of the concern and discussion among the
publicly owned utilities and the solar industry. We are proposing to bring a
successor program to you that we believe is cost-based but also does not
provide any additional, unnecessary, undue burdens on solar. Because
we're getting close to reaching the cap this year, we began working on the
successor program over a year ago. We did extensive research, sought
feedback from stakeholders including members of the solar industry and, in
fact, incorporated some of that feedback that we received early on into our
proposals. We also coordinated with the electric utility's cost of service
study to make sure it was cost-based. Before we even started on this
program, we actually had a number of policy discussions with the Utilities
Advisory Commission and the Finance Committee and Council. In January
2016, the Council adopted successor program design guidelines. The two
really key policy points that we received were that rates must be based on
the cost of service and also that the successor program should minimize
negative impacts on solar and essentially ensure that, while this was cost-
based and did not impose any costs on non-solar customers, it also didn't
provide any undue burdens on solar. We took that into account and made
an effort to scrupulously search for every quantifiable benefit that could be
assigned to solar. We believe we've come to you with a proposal that does
that. Again, I alluded to the wide variety of publicly owned utility programs
out there. I don't believe that necessarily—I think this proposal stands head
and shoulders—I think actually provides some leadership in how to actually
approach this issue in contrast, I think, to some of the other proposals that
have come out in the last year or so. I'm going to move quickly through this
slide. If anyone would like me to address a little more carefully, but this
                                                                       Page 15 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
