                         TRANSCRIPT
globally leading Chief Information Officer. If you go now within communities
that are involved in this, both the private sector innovative companies and
other cities and, frankly, it was this way on the panels that I was on, there
was a group of cities that are doing quite a few things and then there was
Palo Alto. Everybody there said there is no comparison. We really are
amazed at what you're doing, and we want to look more to what you're
doing to support us. That's, frankly, one of the biggest values of what we
can do. If our actions are able to be leveraged by many other cities. We're
seeing that really happen in a way—we've talked about it. It's been building
for a number of years. It's really coming together. Just in the last few
months, what I became aware of, of what our departments were doing, was
twice what I knew we were doing. It just keeps going and building a greater
head of steam. Now, every company basically that has new innovative
technologies in these arenas, they always kind of look to Palo Alto. Now,
there's no ambiguity. They not only want to turn to us, we've build capacity
to basically respond to them. That's a long Council Member Comments, but
I think it's an important subject. It really talks about us integrating that
movement with our Sustainability and Climate Action Plans and our quality
of life for our residents. It's an opportunity for us to have a vision about
what we're becoming and want to become as a City and how we'll get there
as opposed to thinking that the only way to have the quality of life that we
want for our residents is to try to stop the clock from ticking.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, I really thank you for articulating that for the Council
and the community. Every time we sit down to write the story about what
we're doing, we get a new assignment from you guys to do the next smart
thing. Seriously, it's an ever unfolding—actually there's momentum building
is what's taking place.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just to put people's minds at rest, no one else has
passed away that I'm going to adjourn the meeting in honor of. That said, a
couple of weeks ago, I did ask to adjourn the meeting in recognition of the
City of Orlando and the terrible impact that they had suffered. Tonight I
want to do something a little bit different. That's to adjourn our meeting in
recognition of the large number of Congress people who conducted a sit-in
to end assault weapon access to at least some parts of our population. The
reason I bring it up is because we had several local legislators, Anna Eshoo,
Zoe Lofgren, Jackie Speier and some East Bay legislators as well, who
participated in that sit-in.   This City has in the past taken action to
implement means restriction. That's exactly what this is. I'm hoping and
encouraging my colleagues, both as individuals and if the timing is right, as
a City Council, to send a communication to our legislators to show our
                                                                        Page 97 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
