                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: Right, right. That's based on parking requirements. Four per
thousand generally relates to parking requirements, not necessarily
employees.      If they have ten part-time employees—there are lots of
different facts that make this type of regulation difficult. That being said, I
think that there are certainly ways that you can explore that. It certainly
has not been done by many other cities.

Mayor Burt: I can tell you when I had a business in San Carlos, we were
regulated on a multiplier times parking spots onsite. That was their routine
method. When we come to discussion, I'm concerned that one of the major
considerations that we may want to do in an alternative scenario we still
don't have adequate guidance on whether we can turn certain levers or we
can't. That's a big concern to me. I'll leave it at that for the moment.
Under the bike mode share, I've heard previously that our bike commute
was 9 or 10 percent. This says 2.8 on total trips. I think about our Safe
Routes to School where we're 50 percent. Have we looked at school trips in
this calculation as well?

Ms. Gitelman: I think this is percentage of total trips out of the model, but I
will get more detail for the Council on that.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff asked about, for instance, the rate of
Electric Vehicle (EV) adoption or otherwise. I understand that things that we
may end up adopting with our Sustainability and Climate Action Plan when
we do that may create different scenarios. I just want to make sure are we
permitted to use Palo Alto-specific impacts in the calculation versus, say, a
State one. If we have data that shows that our adoption of EVs is the
highest in the country and gaining, are we permitted to use that in this
analysis?

Ms. Gitelman: Absolutely. It would be a question for the technical experts
how to factor that in given the methodology and the emission factors that
we've been given from CARB. We can certainly do that. I'm expecting to
receive that comment on the Draft EIR. We can do that work in the final.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our questions. We now have 16
comment cards. If anyone else wishes to speak, they need to bring their
cards forward now. We will be cutting it off. I see more cards coming.
That's what I'm going to determine. I need to know how many cards. We
have a total of 20 speakers. Colleagues, if we have three minutes per
speaker, that's going to be an hour for public comment. That'll take us to a
quarter to 10:00. Are we game to start our discussion at that time? It's
liable to ...

Male: That seems really late.
                                                                         Page 30 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
