                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Good point. The question is if we basically allow 25 percent of
that retail to be restaurant, that increases the parking demand, and we still
want 30 percent below that. Correct?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Mayor Burt: What would be the best way to word that intent? I think it's
still up to 25 percent of retail space can be restaurant. That'll drive your
parking requirement. The TDM has to reduce it by 30 percent from there. If
they don't want to put the restaurant in, that's their prerogative.

Ms. Silver: I'd recommend inserting "upon approval of the Director," and
then the Director will make an assessment of whether there's sufficient
parking and whether TDM can address it.

Mayor Burt: Okay. Is that all right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's perfectly fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part G, “upon approval of the
Director.”

Mayor Burt: Final speaker, Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Question for the Assistant Planning Director. We
are now moving ahead quickly with this project. Item D says a robust TDM
program will be put in place. Do we have the capabilities of doing that in the
next 60 days?

Mr. Lait. Yeah. We're not restricted by the timeline.

Mayor Burt: The TDM doesn't get in place until the project's complete. They
don't have to have a TDM before they break ground.

Council Member Schmid: It's a tricky issue, because you're talking about a
relatively small building with a mix of retail, office and residence.

Mr. Lait: We're doing this for the first time, but we hear the message clearly
from the Council that you want a strong, robust TDM plan. That's what
we're going to aim to do. We feel like we can achieve that.

Council Member Schmid: You can come back to the Council to discuss the
TDM program?

Mayor Burt: Say what?
                                                                       Page 81 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
