                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I was figuring. There's millions of dollars ...

Mr. Teresi: It's a large project, very large project.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In self-funding, is that hundreds of millions of dollars?
I guess you'd do it over a fairly long period of time. Hundreds of millions of
dollars to raise just out of this City is not that easy.

Mr. Teresi: It wouldn't just be Palo Alto. It would be a regional thing for
Palo Alto, East Palo Alto, Menlo Park. It would probably be done through
some kind of debt financing. I think the idea that the JPA has expressed in
the past as to their strategy would be when they're talking to the public,
would they rather continue to pay flood insurance, which is getting more and
more costly, or would they rather see that money go towards a project that
would over time eliminate that need for that flood insurance cost.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The FEMA flood map updates come out. What's the
significance of that? Do we expect more to be in the FEMA or less?

Mr. Teresi: FEMA being FEMA, it's looking at the latest information as to the
tidal risk. The elevation is going to go up slightly. It's not going to really
address future rise, but it is going to go up slightly. That would cause the
area to move more inland, so it would add more properties. Again, that's
just being done for their flood insurance purposes. It's not a huge change,
but it will see the addition of more properties in Palo Alto being in that tidal
flood plain.

Vice Mayor Schmid: You're thinking Items 1 and 2 come back to us in the
next couple of months, right? We're in mid-2016 roughly, so when are we
thinking?

Mr. Bobel: On the FEMA map?

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's the FEMA maps and the SAFER Bay Study.
When are they coming out?

Mr. Bobel: We, frankly, have been told for many months that the feasibility
study was a couple of months away, quote/unquote. That's our story. It's a
couple of months from now that we'd have the feasibility study and be
coming back to you.

Mr. Teresi: I would just add that I spoke earlier today with Len Materman,
the Executive Director of the JPA. I know that he's anxious to come and
speak to the Council about the SAFER Study. Probably sometime shortly
after your break that will happen.

                                                                         Page 15 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
