                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Halpern: I just wanted to add that we did have a soloist coming tonight,
who woke up with a sore throat, who had to bow out. I'm very sorry about
that. Next time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much for your presentation.              It was very
informative. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Kniss: Which one?

Council Member Berman: Council Member DuBois first, and then you.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you very much. I actually just had a quick
question about the Lucie Stern Theatre. How are the facilities, particularly
back stage? Does it need some investment and rehabilitation?

Mr. Moskovich: I welcome the question. It's a venerable, old facility that
has undergone some improvements over the years. For an opera company,
we could use more dressing rooms. We could use a bigger pit for the
orchestra. I see that that could be seen as an anachronism, but opera
requires at least 25 players in the pit. We have them, but we create the
illusion of opera by putting the players that don't fit in the pit in the back of
the theater, piping the sound in and doing a really extraordinarily good
sound mix so that it seems as though it's coming from the pit. You imagine
the amount of extra effort that that requires. There are things that could be
done.     We realize that there are many different priorities, competing
priorities. That would make the theater fantastic for us. We are counting
our blessings always, but we do have a list of improvements that we could
easily share with you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just to say I am so disappointed your soprano didn't
turn up. I've heard your presentations many times, and they are wonderful.
You have some spectacular voices, and they do a terrific job. I was so
hoping that there would be a show and tell tonight. Another time.

Mr. Moskovich: Definitely another time. Whenever you want, we'll be happy
to come back.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks so much.

Mr. Moskovich: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much.

Ms. Halpern: Thank you.
                                                                         Page 18 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
