                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Larry, this does remind me of when people out of state claim
that California doesn't have seasons. They're told that we actually have
four; it's fire, flood, quake and riot.

Mr. Smith: That sounds about right.

Mayor Burt: Thank you, Larry, and most of all thank you to our great
emergency preparedness Staff that has been doing just tremendous work on
doing everything possible to prepare us for emergencies including storms.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. A
number of items to report. First of all, on behalf of the Staff and before the
Council, we did want to present our congratulations to Vice Mayor Scharff for
his appointment to the American Public Power Association's Policy Makers
Council. This is a national council. He will serve a three year term. Along
with his colleagues there, he'll be charged with engaging locally elected
officials to promote federal legislation of importance to public power
systems. The American Public Power Association Policy Makers Council is
comprised of 40 members. There are only four members appointed from
each of the ten geographic regions in the United States. His role places
himself and our City in a critical position in advancing policy objectives that
further enhance the value of public power.           Congratulations for that
appointment. As part of our continuing efforts to implement the Palo Alto
Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan, our Transportation Division
facilitated a public open house on January 6th regarding the Middlefield Road
between Channing Street and Oregon Expressway and North California
Avenue between Alma and Middlefield Road. Perhaps it was some of the
draft recommendations our Staff had advanced that led to over 85 people
attending the meeting to hear about the options for these road segments
which are being resurfaced shortly.        Options that were considered for
Middlefield Road included the modification of on-street parking that could
add Class 2 bicycle lanes or shared lanes with sharrow markings. A two-way
Class 4 separated bikeway was also considered in front of Jordan Middle
School to connect the two segments of North California Avenue. On North
California Avenue, options considered included the modification of part-time
on-street parking to add full-time Class 2 bicycle lanes, installation of
suggested bicycle lanes or shared lanes with sharrow markings. Based on
                                                                           Page 5 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
