                         TRANSCRIPT
thing we know we've lost another year. I think we should be looking at that.
Second, when the Staff went through and narrowed the new tenants, other
than Avenidas was there any qualitative assessment of how we distinguished
one prospective technically nonprofit from another? When I look at these,
they're really different types and categories. What process did Staff use or
was it really just any nonprofit that applied who could pay the rate we were
asking?

Mr. de Geus: The process we used was we had a panel of Staff, Community
Services Staff primarily. We included the Office of Management and Budget
and Facilities Maintenance not to be scorers on the panel but to give advice
to the panel about the impact of facility needs that an organization may
have, just to be informed by that. We all reviewed each of the proposals.
We met numerous times to discuss the completeness of the proposal and the
likely benefits to Palo Alto residents. We evaluated if they had existing
space at Cubberley, what they were able to pay. Each of the criteria had a
score, and it was a weighted score with the public benefit being the highest
weight. We ultimately independently all scored and then came up with a top
list. We negotiated with those top groups.

Mayor Burt: I've heard that we had one perspective which was the physical
needs that a prospective tenant would have and the impact that might have
on the City and the City resources. Another was some sort of qualitative
assessment of the degree or the way in which a given nonprofit would serve
the community. I don't have any visibility as to how that was done. When I
look at the tenants, I see a very broad range of how they serve the
community, all the way from a group that I would put in a category of
critical needs providers of some sort, Avenidas and perhaps Reach and
perhaps Cardiac Therapy and maybe some of the others that I'm less
familiar with. Others are a broader range of nonprofits, all the way from
certain athletic-related clubs to afterschool supplemental academics. I'm
sure that these all qualify as technically nonprofits, but I have a hard time
distinguishing how the service provided, for instance, is of lower cost or
whatever. When we have supplemental academic programs that we have in
a lot of storefronts throughout Palo Alto, how do these differ? Are they
lower cost, serving a different community that couldn't otherwise
participate? Are they ones that just have decided to incorporate as a
nonprofit and, therefore, they get a great rent break? I even see we have a
faith institution. It's not apparent to me how we categorized these different
nonprofits according to their community benefits. I think we need a better
methodology and a more transparent methodology for doing that. I thought
we were going to do this. A few years ago we had discussions around this.
What I've seen here doesn't provide me with transparency that lets me
understand that. When I look at the results, it concerns me that we're not
                                                                      Page 34 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
