                           TRANSCRIPT
      as the road map for development                of   subsequent       S/CAP
      Implementation Plans (SIPs); and

B.    Direct Staff to return to Council with S/CAP Implementation Plans; and

C.    Direct Staff to make its best effort to incorporate Council Member
      comments.

Mayor Burt: On that note, let's vote on the item. That passes unanimously.
Thank you all, and thank you to the public.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 9-0

10.   Review of the Draft Land Use & Community Design Element of the
      Comprehensive Plan Update Recommended by the Citizens Advisory
      Committee.

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto Item Number 10, which is a review of
the draft Land Use and Community Design Element of the Comprehensive
Plan Update, which has been recommended by the Citizens Advisory
Committee. Pardon me? I want to go straight in. As we get started,
Council Member DuBois needs to speak.

Council Member DuBois: I'm going to recuse myself from what hopefully is
a small part of the land use discussion tonight, the part that is specific to
Stanford such as some of the growth caps on Stanford land. My former
spouse had income from Stanford, so I'm working with Staff to clarify
exactly what sections I need to recuse myself on when this item comes
back. I will be back to discuss the non-Stanford issues tonight.

Mayor Burt: I think we need to clarify regretfully your recusal is not just the
specific items on Stanford but the Citywide development issues that also
include Stanford.

Council Member DuBois:           Yeah.   That's where we're going to seek
clarification for in the future.

Mayor Burt: Tonight, that's the case.

Council Member DuBois: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll give you a ring when we're past it. Director
Gitelman, would you like to kick it off?

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 7:56 P.M.

                                                                       Page 53 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
