                         TRANSCRIPT
adjustments projected for the next five years, and then the City's Finance
Committee will review them in March. Currently, our Utilities Staff is
forecasting rate increases for the electric, gas, water, wastewater and refuse
services effective July 1st, 2016. In last year's five-year rate projections,
the City projected increases in all funds, but the current rate projections are
slightly higher than those projected last year. The primary cost driver for
rate increases is the result of the ongoing drought conditions which have
reduced our hydroelectric supplies requiring the City to purchase
replacement electricity supplies. As the Council and most of our community
knows, regularly about 50 percent of our electricity is provided through
hydroelectric power. The drought equals less water equals less power, and
we've got to purchase on the market backup power for our electricity needs.
Water savings have reduced our revenues and increased the cost of water
from San Francisco. The City has drawn down reserves over the past few
years in order to offset rate increases to the electric and gas utilities, and
now facing lower reserves and higher commodity costs, we will be looking at
raising rates to cover the costs, many of which are fixed to operate and
maintain our safe and reliable services. Ultimately of course, the Council will
consider these when you discuss and adopt the Fiscal Year '17 Budget
process which will begin in May with Finance and come to the Council.
Lastly, I would just comment that I thought the Council had a good Retreat
this past weekend.       You worked through a lot of different items and
established your priorities for the upcoming year. You may speak to that a
little bit at the close of the meeting on Council Member Comments. You
gave us some work to come back to the Council on, and we'll be
summarizing some of the results very quickly for the Council and returning
to you and the public with the results of the Retreat and some next steps.
That's all I have to report. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. This is an opportunity
for members of the public to speak on items that are not otherwise on the
Agenda. We have two speaker cards. The first one is Dan Garber, and the
second one is Norman Beamer. Mr. Beamer, I assume you're meaning to
speak on Oral Communications and not an item yet to come. Welcome.

Dan Garber: Hi. I wanted to follow up on my query from the Retreat on
Saturday and specifically on Council Member Schmid's suggestion to help the
CAC in their work by staging discussions that are of importance preceding
the CAC's work. I'd like to encourage you to do that. My Co-Chair is out of
town this week, but when he comes back he and I will get together and

                                                                        Page 21 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
