                         TRANSCRIPT
community. Speaking personally, I mean, I go around and I look at projects
that I'm not aware of until I see them built.         I'm sometimes a bit
thunderstruck at how incompatible. In reviewing again today the Context
Based Criteria, actually they're pretty darned consistent with the South of
Forest Avenue (SOFA) 2 design standards and compatibility standards,
actually our compatibility standards.     Finding Number 1 as it's being
recommended now says...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, are these questions or did you want
to (crosstalk) comments?

Council Member Holman: They are. They are questions. Number 1 is the
design is consistent with (inaudible) elements, blah, blah, blah, and any
relevant design guides. Does any design—those relevant design guides,
does that include the Context Based Criteria?

Ms. French: I would like to answer that. The Context Based Design Criteria
are contained in the Zoning Code and they're in—the consistency with the
Zoning Code includes the Context Based Design Criteria. The relevant
design guides are intended to refer to El Camino Real, Downtown.

Council Member Holman:         Then how are the Context Based Criteria
addressed by the ARB? Specifically and explicitly, how are they then
addressed by and incorporated in the review process of the ARB so that they
are given the weight of their Code, their design criteria?

Mr. Lait: They're evaluated in the Staff Report, and then also in our findings
we articulate how a project is consistent with those standards.

Ms. Silver: If I could add to that. What I have seen over the past few years
is that it used to be that the Context Based Guideline findings were not
expressly made in, say, the Record of Land Use Action that eventually went
to Council. There were not specific findings made. More recently, Staff has
really focused on actually articulating statements and applying those findings
much more closely. You will see an actual discussion in the Staff Report or
in the Record of Land Use Action now for those context based findings where
they apply. They don't apply in every zone.

Council Member Holman: Exactly. Perhaps my last question at the moment
is—I had sent Staff earlier some recommended revisions to what's being
proposed by Staff. Under compatibility of the—again, I'm looking at the
Context Based Design Criteria. Under compatibility, it lists a number of
things, and I'm going to point to one which is "B2," the rhythmic pattern of
the street established by the general width of the buildings and the spacing
between them.       What this says is that compatibility goals may be
                                                                        Page 11 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
