                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: No, I would say that we have, to me, a very important part of
this. Let me just read it again. I tried to emphasize it in the presentation.
Let me just read you. There's two parts of what we called avoidance
measures that the builder/owner has to do. This is under Number 3 on the
back side of the one-page document. Right at the top of the page, Number
3.    The first sentence talks about avoidance measures that would be
triggered by the builder having found that there was a significant likelihood
of an impact. However, the second sentence is the one that I call your
attention to. It says avoidance measures are also to be employed to the
extent practical to minimize the flow rate and duration of the pumping even
when offsite effects are not specifically identified. I realize you could say
there's a leap, how do you determine minimization. We just couldn't think
of a way to quantify this. There will be a dynamic, a back and forth, with
the applicant trying to ensure the—it's in their best interest to minimize that
now, because now there's a finding that they have to make. They're in a
new world. If they're not minimizing both the duration and the rate of this,
it just puts them in a much more difficult position to make this finding under
"2G" that they have to make. I think that that really is an important
sentence in Number 3 that I just read. It will result in less flow and less
duration.

Council Member Schmid: Let me make an amendment to Number 3, second
sentence, to say above 6 million gallons per household avoidance measures
will be employed to the extent practical and so on.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's weakening it. That's weakening it. Staff
says you will make all efforts to minimize the flow, so I don't really want to
weaken this and make it less effective.

Mayor Burt: You're not accepting that.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “replace in Draft Requirements for
Submittal of a Determination… ‘avoidance measures are also to be employed
to the extent practical’ with ‘above 6 million gallons per household avoidance
measures will be employed in some way practical.’”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll try to be quick. First I want to say thanks to
Save Palo Alto's Groundwater. It's not often we get a 44-page white paper
from three PhDs and an engineer in hydrology from a credible institution.
It's impressive work. We just had our Sustainability Summit which included
                                                                        Page 64 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
