                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Just if my colleagues will allow me for a moment. I think that
as I tried to use in those couple of examples in water and transportation,
that as we dive deeper into this, we see that there is a great deal of
interconnectedness between measures that make our community more
sustainable and those that will drive us toward our climate action goals. We
just had this very provocative and interesting presentation by Professor
Heck. If we look at the things that he talked about in transportation, he was
focusing principally around transportation in ways that would create a more
sustainable community. The vast majority of those measures, maybe all of
them, would have significant impacts on reducing our carbon emissions at
the same time and contending with the consequences of climate change.
What we've talked also—here's the third dimension that we need to be
talking about here is not only climate action in terms of our responsibility for
reducing our carbon emissions, but our responsibility to our community to
adapt. Those elements, for instance, intersect greatly with the water issues
and others. Finally, just to frame this for our own consideration, the fourth
dimension that I think we should be thinking about is why we should make
such a commitment toward being leaders and being a model in each of these
areas. One is a social responsibility. I think the more compelling one is that
we as a City have been leaders, and as leaders we're models. It's not for
purposes of self-congratulation that we point this out. It's to recognize that
our impacts have leverage far beyond what we do within our boundaries as a
City. That's the most significant impact that we have had as a City and
continue to have, whether it's all the way down to our Safe Routes to School
program, which has had one of the strongest programs in the Country. That
has leverage; that is saving kids and making better communities elsewhere
as well as here. I just want to encourage us to kind of think about those
four buckets of our climate action, sustainability, climate adaptation, and
how those other three things we leverage them and have impacts far
exceeding what occurs within our own community.

Mr. Friend: If I may, I would add a fifth to that which is to do all those in a
way that has clear and concrete impacts on the quality of life of this
community and the people how live here.

Mr. Keene: Let me just say one last thing. (Crosstalk).

Mayor Burt:      I'm sorry.    I'll just say that's embedded in really the
sustainability concepts.

Mr. Keene: This is called a Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. It's not
an aspirational plan, even though there's a target and there's a—I mean, it's
an Action Plan. I think if we think about what are the actions that we can
take and how do we start to sequence and bundle those actions with some

                                                                         Page 59 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
