                          TRANSCRIPT
distinguished building. The new Ming's is and, I think, was in a way
symbolic of might we say racial harmony. The Chinese were brought to the
United States as coolies. The word is still in the language. It's not a
pejorative term, but it means a person who is an exploited workforce, the
working class of the working class. Because of the food of that particular
culture, which was so appealing and so magnificent, the whole race of
Chinese has gone from being exploited to being aristocrats, to being like
Larry Chu [phonetic]. That beautiful building, that roof is one of the
outstanding architectural monuments in Palo Alto, indeed the whole
Peninsula. It's just beautiful, and it's really a shame to get rid of it. The
other thing is where are the houses. Where's the housing? Just a couple of
weeks ago, we were here for hours and hours. It seemed to me we were
almost getting to the point where somebody said if we're going to go up and
we're going to raze the whole town, let it at least be for housing. I thought I
heard Karen Holman almost say that but didn't quite. Here there's a
building and there's no housing. All this extra space is essentially being
used for a warehouse, like a service station. Just the most mundane,
common, impossible. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Kirsten Cessna, final speaker.

Kirsten Cessna: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members.
Thank you so much for listening to me tonight. I'm Kirsten Cessna with
Gensler; we're the architects on this project. I just wanted to try and help
clarify some of the process that we've gone through with the City. We've
been working with the Planning Department and have worked with the ARB
on this project, specifically at their guidance on understanding the FAR and
where it's allowed and where it's not. Some of the items that have been
brought up today, I just want to help clarify. The new car delivery, that is
really more of a showroom space. It's where vehicles can be displayed and
then can be released to the customers. Also, the finance area that is noted
on the plans in your packets as part of the showroom FAR is actually lounge
space. The circulation areas noted are also lounge areas and then just
circulation through that showroom.          We just want to emphasize the
challenges that the ARB has presented to us and their guidance throughout
this process in understanding the City's FAR requirement and the Planning
Department's guidance as well. We really looked to them for their guidance
in understanding the FAR and applying it appropriately. We then just look to
you all to continue that guidance. Appreciate your time. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 11:42 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council. Staff, in addition to
the open question on the parking, can you readdress this issue on the

                                                                          Page 110 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
