                            TRANSCRIPT
Male: Outdoor stills to …

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is the right way to go. I'm not opposed to
doing the emergency Ordinance, but I just don't think it's necessary given
the really short period of time, the month in between. That's all I have.

Mayor Burt: I want to make sure I understand. The Motion is to have Staff
return with a permanent Ordinance or are we ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: To return within 12 months following public outreach to
see if any changes should be made to the Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: We'd be adopting an Ordinance tonight?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's correct.

Council Member Kniss: Under the usual process, though.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Under our usual process. It would take ...

Council Member Kniss: Not urgent.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right. There would be a second reading, all that kind of
stuff that we normally do.

Ms. Stump: That would be the Ordinance under Item Number 12?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right.

Ms. Stump: The regular Ordinance (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: The Ordinance would not be adopted tonight. It would
be adopted whenever.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think we've done sufficient.

Mayor Burt: I'll wade in. I think us looking at a permanent Ordinance is
fine, but I don't quite understand why we'd be leaping forward tonight on
the particular permanent Ordinance that we have before us without having
the input that was mentioned, including from the Fire Chief. I'm not sure it's
a good idea at all to—if under this proposition people have a right to grow
plants, we want to move forward with an Ordinance based on what we know
today to say that we want those to be done indoors. I don't know that. I
think that might be bad policy. I would like it to come back to us for

                                                                       Page 87 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
