                          TRANSCRIPT
to resolve it. I thank Chief Burns. I think you have a great Police Chief. I
just want to let the City management know. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mr. City Manager, on the issue of the timing of the
single story overlay for the meeting of April 18th, we have really two
substantial Agenda items. At 7:35, the Sustainability and Climate Action
Plan which is anticipated to be about a two hour discussion. The meeting is
scheduled to start at 6:30 with a Closed Session. I wonder if we might be
able to look at whether the Council is open to an earlier start, so that the
single story overlay could be addressed a little earlier in the evening, in the
same sequence of Agenda items. I don't know that we can address that
tonight, but maybe we can find out. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I know you mentioned the same sequence. I
don't know what the feasibility is about putting the Closed Session last,
which is what we sometimes do as well, without starting earlier. I leave it to
you all to figure out.

Mayor Burt: That's another thing we could consider. I was actually meaning
same sequence of the Action Items, so that would still be a possibility. We'll
look into that.

Minutes Approval

2.    Approval of Action Minutes for the March 28, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next item—excuse me. Too many agendas here. Our next
item is Approval of Minutes. We have the Minutes from March 28th, 2016.
Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member Berman: So moved.

Mayor Burt: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
approve the Action Minutes for the March 28, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Berman, second by myself. Any
discussion? Please vote on the board. That passes 7-0 with Council Member
Filseth and Vice Mayor Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Filseth, Scharff absent




                                                                           Page 6 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
