                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: We haven't had a request from the property owner of the
North Face property. We're only bringing to you this evening the properties
where we've heard from the owner or the lessee and they want to convert.

Council Member Kniss: In my technical questions, I'm trying to figure out
where these other areas are going to be that are somewhat difficult, hard to
get to off Alma and so forth. That hasn't come to us yet, but we do know
that it's empty and has been for a while. Right. I'm not going to go into a
soliloquy on retail and so forth. I might just observe technically that
Stanford Shopping Center is successful because they have a great deal of
control over who goes in and who goes out. It's one of the things we don't
have in the Downtown. That's the end of my technical questions for the
moment.

Mayor Burt: That's technical questions we're trying to do as opposed to
rhetorical questions which are comments. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Just briefly, what does the GF stand for
again, when you say the GF boundary?

Ms. Gitelman:     That's the combining district or the overlay zone in
Downtown.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What does GF stand for?

Ms. Gitelman: Ground floor.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's the ground floor combining district. Is that what we
call it?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When you talk about prioritizing Downtown, you're not
including SOFA in that. If we wanted you to prioritize Downtown and SOFA
and look at it together, that would be a separate request. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: If you'd like us to look at the SOFA area as part of that, it'd
be nice to hear that (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to make sure that's—when you say
Downtown, you don't mean SOFA.

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think there's some confusion, and I just want to clarify
it. We talk about the current Ordinance expiring, the temporary Ordinance,
                                                                       Page 52 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
