                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Folks, can we ask restraint on clapping. We really want to
make sure that everybody's comfortable with speaking. Our next speaker is
Adam Weiss, to be followed by Dr. Taleghani. Welcome.

Adam Weiss: Thank you. Good evening. Mr. Mayor, Council Members and
to the representatives of the Cha [phonetic] family, nice to see you here. I
live in Crescent Park and I work in Downtown Palo Alto. Our schools are full
to bursting. The classroom sizes are dramatically higher than they should be
if our schools are going to keep up the standard. During commuting hours,
the people who work in my firm in Downtown Palo Alto often report 45
minutes to get from University Ave. Downtown to 101. We shouldn't be
building anything here, whether it's residential or office, that increases the
density of this place until we have solutions to these things. This plan at
550 Hamilton Avenue is a nearly three-fold increase in the built space. It
would forever alter the built space of this neighborhood. It's bringing the
direction of heights of buildings in the wrong way; buildings should be going
down, as some of the Council Members have mentioned, as we head to that
residential neighbor, not up. I feel, as a resident of Crescent Park, that
you're going to see that neighborhood stand up and defend like a Maginot
Line this Webster Avenue. I think people have said how important this
corner is.    You guys should make sure your bosses understand how
important this corner is. I don't think you understand. I have children who
are 11 years old, and I have a number of friends who are in the high schools
where the mental health issue is rampant. Kicking out all of these therapists
is a terrible idea. There's been a number of therapists kicked out of
buildings in the California Ave. already. I'd love to see that statistic before
anything here were approved. I support the other speakers in their strong
opposition to this.     I hope everybody understands how strongly the
community feels. We have not gotten started yet.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Dr. Taleghani, to be followed by Dan Cole.
Welcome.

Dr. Taleghani: Thank you, members of Council. My name is Nounou
Taleghani. I'm a lifelong resident of Crescent Park, and I've worked at
Stanford for the last 30 years. I support everything all my colleagues have
said, especially what Mr. Weiss just said about growth in and around—I live
in Crescent Park. I used to not look forward to weekends, because that's
when everybody from other area codes came and made Palo Alto busy.
Now, I can't wait for the weekends, because I can ride my bike and not have
to worry about traffic or noise or construction. I oppose this building
altogether. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Dan Cole to be followed by William Cane.

                                                                        Page 18 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
