                          TRANSCRIPT
parking, which already can be tight, and don't forget the pollution. I'm very
concerned.    My son has asthma.       Living 50, 100 feet from a major
construction site, I don't know how that's going to work out. To reiterate, I
urge you to reject the rezoning. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Since we need a quorum, I think we need to wait
for Council Member Kniss to return. Sorry. It's unusual that we have such a
limited portion of our Council. Is this Walter Bliss? Welcome.

Walter Bliss: Yes, hi. I live next to this project. I just looked into the eyes
of this couple, and I saw dollar signs. I looked at their chests, and I saw
that they are wearing T-shirts that say "school of greed," and underneath it
says their motto is "whatever we can get away with, baby." They've thrown
it against the wall; they want to see how much of it sticks. I'm glad that you
are kind of taking the attitude you are, because I see you're standing up for
the residents here, and I applaud you for that. No one of us who live here
are going to benefit from this. These people, somebody off in wherever is
going to benefit, but none of us. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I'll just offer a personal aside. I just don't think it is
constructive to make personal attacks on people here. I don't think it
reflects well on the audience to support those attacks. Richard Alexander.

Richard Alexander: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I was very happy to
hear the comments of Council Member DuBois, and I'm also very pleased to
adopt by reference the comments of Mr. Maguire and Mr. Weiss. Matter
submitted.

Mayor Burt: Rita Vrhel to be followed by Jeff Levinsky. Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: I'm so glad to hear all of you speaking what I would have said in
answering the questions that I would have asked. I think this project does
have an interesting value for our residential housing, hopefully subsidized or
market value. I think the project is huge, and I would actually really hate to
have my little bungalow house across the street from this. I hope, if and
when it does come back to you, that you will remember what you all said
today and really scale it back and make it something that the neighborhood
can be proud of. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Herb Borock.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'll agree
with all the previous speakers, I think. Also, I wanted to point out that
you've heard about some of the violations of the proposed project, about the
daylight plane and not protecting the trees and the context and compatibility
                                                                        Page 20 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
