                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: In the Net Energy, are we talking about 500, 1,000,
1,500? What number are we really dealing with that are actually in what is
a rather dramatic program actually?

Mr. Abendschein:   I believe we're up to about—it's between 800 and 900
right now.

Council Member Kniss: It's how many?

Mr. Abendschein: Between 800 and 900 right now.

Council Member Kniss: It's getting close to 1,000. How are you divvying
that up as far as apartment houses? Are they counted as one user?

Mr. Abendschein: The limitation is really more on solar capacity. You may
have someone who counts as one customer. If they are a large commercial
customer, they may have a megawatt of solar on. A small customer may
only have 0.3 percent of that. You could have hundreds of small users and
then one large user equivalent to hundreds of small users. Does that help?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. If you were to make a prediction about this, I
think what you would say is this encourages the use of more solar in our
community. Agree?

Mr. Abendschein: Yes in that it continues. Yes.

Council Member Kniss: In the end, this is a very good deal for the customer
and really a pretty good deal for us as well.

Mr. Abendschein: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Good. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question about the grandfathering clause.
We got a letter about the 10 percent cutoff, and they were suggesting a
sliding scale if any customers want to add additional capacity. Was there
any discussion or consideration of a sliding scale that would allow people to
maintain their current rate?

Mr. Abendschein: We did have some Staff turnover, so we haven't had a
chance to extensively examine that particular proposal. I wouldn't say.

Council Member DuBois: As far as you recall, there wasn't a discussion at
UAC or has it been considered and rejected for any reason?
                                                                      Page 21 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
