                         TRANSCRIPT
restrictions, but we do need to consider whether other actions need to be
taken. We're not done with that area.

Council Member Schmid: Thanks.

Mr. Piros: That's the primary area where the problem appears to have
originated.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Can I try to rephrase Council Member Schmid's question
slightly? Do you think that, if you verify the sampling on the west side of
California Avenue, it may cause you to want to have additional information
about the site itself as a result of potentially finding TCE that may have
come from the 1601 source?

Mr. Piros: I think you mentioned just a minute ago about establishing a
correlation. I think potentially to establish that correlation, there may be
some sampling that may need to occur to establish that correlation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I follow up on that?

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mayor Burt's question, the way I understood it—I just
want to hone in and make sure I understand it correctly. If the sampling
shows that there is TCE on the site and that does show a correlation, would
that change any recommendations you have for this particular changes that
we're making in terms of the map, what's before us tonight? Or would you
come back and say we shouldn't have made these map changes because
something else? That's really the question before us; should we make these
map changes or not?

Ms. Villamater: No, because if we were able to establish a correlation, we
would have to find ways to mitigate the exposure across the street, but it
would not change the data that actually has been collected at the 1601 site.
No, we would not be changing our determination based on what has been
proposed as the layout in that risk assessment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Any correlation you find or anything else wouldn't
change the layout, which is what we're asked to do tonight, to look at the
layout.

Ms. Villamater: No, we do not. No.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.
                                                                      Page 45 of 80
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 6/28/16
