                          TRANSCRIPT
is the proximity of the toxic and highly toxic materials to our homes. CPI is
the only facility in Palo Alto that's been identified to be within this 300-foot
zone of sensitive receptors. This is not discriminatory on the part of the
City, rather it highlights CPI management's decision a decade ago. I know
that CPI has many dedicated employees and talented scientists and
engineers, but their management made a decision based purely on their
narrow financial considerations without regard to the consequences to our
community. The second issue is the amortization ordinance. There's not
just one, but there's two before you. I would prefer the first one myself
which would give CPI another decade of operation. Council asked the Staff
to find an arrangement that both residents and CPI could agree upon. That
means that no one is going to be 100 percent happy. We're not thrilled
because the second proposal would extend the operation for another 5
years. We realize that a certainty to the outcome to the situation is worth
the sacrifice. The tradeoff would mean CPI would not rebuild the plating
shop on the other side of the property, but they must abide by the
conditions of a settlement that was indicated by Planning Director Gitelman.
It must be signed soon. Several of us residents have met with the City
Staff; we've given our input, made suggestions, relayed the concerns we've
heard from others in our community. I've been told that the public will see
and be able to comment on that agreement before Council votes. I think the
majority of residents support it provided that the settlement is watertight,
that it clearly and definitively establishes an endpoint to the plating shop
presence in Palo Alto, that it sets a time when the residents can breathe
easier, both figuratively and literally.      In summary, the vote on the
hazardous materials ordinance will create sensible zoning policies to guide
the siting of facilities with toxic and highly toxic materials in the future,
policies that did not exist when CPI decided to rebuild its plating shop. As
Mayor Burt said in November, "If we had hindsight, we wouldn't have done
this." If you had these policies then, they couldn't have done this. The
amortization ordinance is just about there. With a vote, you'll be directing
CPI to come to the table and agree to a settlement. Every aspect of this
issue has taken a long time. Please move this forward tonight. Vice Mayor
Scharff said in November, "I don't really want it to be delayed where we
have more and more discussions forever without actually moving forward."
I encourage you to vote for the Staff recommendation. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Robert Moss. Welcome.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. The thought
occurred to me looking at the ordinance. I think the ordinance and the Staff
Report are quite good. There's one issue that popped into my head that
may not be addressed in the ordinance, and that is if there is a leak that
penetrates the soil and gets into a water or sewer line. What brought this
                                                                          Page 32 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
