                         TRANSCRIPT
the specific and into the general—is voluntary. There's nothing that is
proscriptive. It really is designed to—I would imagine that there is—the
whole idea is that there is some actual connection between people face to
face in a block and there's conversation in information sharing. Even if there
is something that's in here that everybody would agree is a good idea,
there's nothing that precludes people on that block when they get together
and say, "We think that's a boneheaded idea. We don't want to try that
here on our block, but we would like to try something else."

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is not comments, but I do have a little concern
with what you just said. Don't we have a message about what's best
practices? When Sandra gets up there, I'd like to address that specific issue.
If we have a best practice and that conflicts, what are we going to do about
that? That's really the question.

Mr. Keene: I think she can probably answer that better than me.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Some of my questions have been asked about e-
prep and how we keep it, because it's a successful program. Anything and
everything is probably subject to being improved, but I have some of the
concerns that also have been raised. I've a couple of questions too because
of some of the things here that are—water conservation, for instance, is one
of the items that's listed. Number 2 under the deliverables, it's track
results. I just want to be clear that we're not always drinking the same
Kool-Aid, if you will. I use as an example the drought landscape ordinance.
That comes forward and it has a lot of aspects of how to save water, but it
doesn't address, for instance, habitat. How do we—maybe Sandra can
respond to this too—look to see that there's enough mixed knowledge and
information in this study for study that we aren't creating competing goals or
ignoring one aspect of what would on the surface appear to be a good thing,
but really in the broad scheme is not? I heard what you said, Jim, about
collaborative and info sharing. I think that's a good thing. I want to hear
what's going to be said about e-prep and just understanding that not
everything in tracking results can be a metric. I know that that's a hard line
to draw there in interpretation. I don't know what's going to come back to
us or when about what the measurables are going to be, what the
deliverables are going to be. Those are kind of my questions. Thank you.

Mr. Keene: If I just might respond a little bit. I guess Sandra and maybe
others can respond to it. I guess my sense is that again in many ways this
is designed as a pilot that would inform the next round. We would have the
                                                                        Page 42 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
