                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Berman absent, DuBois not participating

Council Member DuBois returned to the meeting at 8:29 P.M.

Mayor Burt: We're now going to do the Phase 2 deliberations, which is all
remaining budget items. We'll begin on the second and final phase which
includes everything else. These include the remaining portions of the Police
and Fire Department budgets and the CIP budget. Any questions, comments
or further discussion of the remaining portions of the budget? Now we go
into the beef of it.

Council Member Kniss: Comments?

Mayor Burt: Questions, comments. We've already heard from members of
the public. Council Member Filseth. Who would like to go next? Council
Member Wolbach.          Council Member Holman is hitting Council Member
Filseth's light. I get it. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, let me echo the comments by Council
Member and Finance Committee Chair Filseth earlier. Thank you to the Staff
that worked extremely hard on a very complex project. I do know that the
department is slightly short-staffed, and we do have some new faces. They
rose to the occasion and performed exemplary. Also, a thank you to my
fellow members and the Chair for great work on this Committee and the
project here. Just a question for right now for Staff and for the Mayor as we
proceed through this discussion this evening. There were a number of items
that Chair Filseth identified earlier for which the Committee was unable to
reach a consensus. Those are highlighted starting on the bottom of Page 7
of the Staff Report or Packet Page 129 through the start of Page 130. I
guess my question is procedurally if we adopt the budget as presented this
evening, will those items move forward—could we have clarity about how
those items move forward or in what status they would be included in the
current budget or whether we would need to identify or whether you're
needing Council to weigh in on those one way or another? There were
various options available.

Mr. Perez: Thank you, Council Member. The Motions that were made were
for the Council to take consideration of these items. It's our position that
you as a Council would have to make a Motion specifically on each and any
of those items that you would like to move on.

Mr. Keene: Can I just add to that, Lalo? My understanding is the approach
we took was to include in the, let's call it the revised budget that is before
the Council, all of those directives from the Finance Committee and any
changes that we noted as Staff—for example, the change in revenues and
                                                                            Page 24 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
