                          TRANSCRIPT
windows located here. We went so far as to say we were happy to install a
film below six feet so that the occupants can still see the sky but would
provide additional privacy for the homes.          In terms of compatibility,
architectural compatibility is achieved through contextual building
relationships and linkages that we can draw, but not by replicating
architecture.    In my mind, that would sort of hinder what we do as
architects. Always looking for something new. Compatibility in my view for
this project is achieved by aligning adjacent building heights. The ARB
actually liked this idea. Our stair tower is, in fact, aligned with the 22-foot
tall commercial building next door. We've space it away equidistant, so you
can see this is equal on each side of that historic home to kind of highlight
the historic home. We're reinforcing block faces. The setback along here is
reinforced with our building. We capture the corner, and then we yield to
the historic building there. Most importantly we're drawing design linkages
from the architecture of the neighborhood. We have these gambrel roofs.
We have dormers. We have shed roofs. We have flat roofs. We have
shingle siding. We have horizontal siding. From that side of our building
looking at those houses, we have the gambrel roof, we have the dormer
windows, we have the shed roof, we have a flat roof, we have a shingle-style
pattern here, and we have horizontal wood siding there. I think that we
really are drawing from that neighborhood. I have 45 seconds.

Mayor Burt: A very quick wrap-up.

Mr. Hayes: The quickest 45 seconds. This is the view from the street. The
loading space, this is critical. This site doesn't have an alley at the rear.
None of the sites on Lytton do. Most of the deliveries are from the street,
and loading zones are created. It's the most efficient way to do it. An
onsite loading zone would look something like this with this blue horseshoe
for a 12-foot by 45-foot zone or it would look something like this, a
hammerhead. It really destroys the 15,000-square-foot site. We're getting
rid of that driveway. We propose that the bus stop remains here. In this
168 feet we provide an onsite loading zone that can be used by everybody.
Thank you. I urge you to support the project and deny this appeal.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Hayes: I'm happy to answer any questions.

Mayor Burt: We next hear from the appellant. I have cards, but I'm not
quite clear who is speaking on behalf of the appellant. Welcome. You have
up to ten minutes to speak. If you would introduce yourself, that'd be great.

Vincent Leung, Appellant: Good evening, Council Members and Staff. I am
Vincent Leung, and I am the appellant. I'd like to start off by talking about
                                                                         Page 36 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
