                         TRANSCRIPT
and they have two jobs. Within a few years, it'll be four jobs. How do you
make those contacts, keep them alive? We've targeted one project and one
segment of our community, but will it be dangerous for the wider
community? Looking at our Comp Plan materials that we have, it is striking
the discrepancy between the City's demographic forecast and the school's
demographic forecast. If you've ever looked at it, the school projects that
the school-age population will grow 0.2 percent per year. Palo Alto's ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, I think we need to be more focused
on the matter before us. I appreciate that you consider it in a very broad
context, but Staff has asked that the framing of this Study Session be
around specific things. Can you focus your comments on that?

Council Member Schmid: I appreciate your comments, and I'm saying that I
think you have to vote on this project with the land use and zoning in mind.

Mayor Burt:    We're not voting on this project tonight, Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: We are giving advice. When you plan the project,
think about the project. You have to think about the community it's in, the
parking, the lack of cars. You're taking mobility away from the community.
If this is used as a significant example of other projects in town, how far do
we want to go?        How many projects like this before we change the
community? Palo Alto has a ratio, 24 percent of households have children.
In San Francisco and many other central cities around the country, that ratio
is 11 or 12 percent. This project would lower our ratio, bring it down from
what it has been traditionally. The question is in this project would it be
more beneficial if you used denser housing to have a greater variety and
opportunities within that area. When we think about this project or the Cal.
Ave. area, don't we want a greater diversity of opportunities for housing in
that area? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I appreciate what the applicant is
trying to accomplish. I appreciate some of the thoughts behind what you
put into this. Also appreciate the commitments to some very creative TDM
measures that, I think, would apply to a project like this or a number of
other projects. It's not all bad news. My concerns actually are—they're
around several things. One is that we do have a housing problem here. It's
not our only problem, though, and our only concern, though. When we have
a project here or there or anywhere that is so drastically and dramatically
different from what the zoning allows, it hasn't had any vetting in the
community, no analysis. For me, a project like—let's just pretend that this
                                                                       Page 36 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
