                          TRANSCRIPT
there's a blind curve. We elected to leave a stop sign in place because of
that curve.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I have a few questions. First, returning to this question on
speed tables versus speed humps or bumps. Back when we had transitioned
toward speed tables, the studies that we were presented at the time had
favored speed tables because cars would essentially maintain a pretty
steady speed of 20-25 miles an hour, and the speed humps would cause
cars to slow down to 10 and then gun it in between them. Is your speed
hump proposal today different from what we had had before?

Mr. Mello: I think this might just be a nomenclature issue. These would be
designed at the operating speed of the roadway. They wouldn't be designed
at 10 miles an hour.

Mayor Burt: There were questions around daylighting and shrubbery. I
think I heard you answer about our selection of vegetation. A lot of the
daylighting problems are when people on corner lots have tall shrubs right
out to the corner of the lot. Do we presently permit or have any restrictions
on that in our landscaping Codes?

Mr. Mello: The Chief Transportation Official actually has the authority to
remove vegetation that presents safety issues at intersections.          We're
hesitant to use that authority unless it's a pretty significant safety concern.
We do have that authority to remove vegetation. We do review new
development for sight line issues with the landscaping.

Mayor Burt: I'm not sure that people even know that this is something that
they should be including in their landscaping plans when they do that.

Mr. Louch: Just one other thing. When we remove the parking and add a
bulb-out, it creates safety just by putting the pedestrian more visible even if
you continue to have auto conflicts.

Mayor Burt: That's where we have the bulb-outs, not ... Where we're
crossing a bike boulevard, for instance on Bryant, does the plan have
additional signage to notify drivers that they are crossing a bike boulevard?
That's one absence that I noticed today.

Mr. Mello: We are recommending adding "cross-traffic does not stop" sub-
plaques to all stop signs that don't currently have them on the cross-streets.
We've had preliminary discussions about testing a new type of sign that
would be more specific to a bike boulevard that would tell people you're
                                                                        Page 34 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
