                          TRANSCRIPT
electricity use are low. What I will tell you is that Palo Alto CLEAN is by far
the most cost-effective approach. A couple of things that are not talked
about in Net Metering is the Palo Alto CLEAN program is primarily used for
non-owner occupied properties which the vast majority of commercial
properties are, especially here in Palo Alto. It's probably 90 percent plus.
Rent has to be paid to the property owner. In Net Metering, it's not the
case, but Net Metering doesn't apply to very much of the commercial market
segment here. We've got to have the commercial market segment open up,
and you have to pay rent to that property owner. That is several cents per
kilowatt hour. It's just the facts. Also on Palo Alto CLEAN, the grid
upgrades happen for free. The developer is responsible for 100 percent of
the costs of any grid upgrades. This is a huge benefit to the ratepayer. It
does not exist in Net Metering. In Net Metering, the utility pays for the grid
upgrades, so they're required. Palo Alto CLEAN is the most cost-effect, by
far approach that we can use for local solar. I urge you to allow the pilot
program to run its course at the current price and to instruct Utilities Staff to
design a follow-on program that is really going to open up the commercial
market segment. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Bob Moss. Welcome.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Listening to the
discussion and the comments from the public was quite interesting. As you
probably know, I have an awful lot of experience with solar power. I helped
to build some of the largest solar panels ever flown on spacecraft. I've been
working with the solar business for decades, so I've got a lot of experience.
One of the problems with solar is the sun doesn't always shine on Earth. It
does in space, but not on Earth. You have other aspects of energy that you
have to take into account. The main one being batteries. There are, of
course, a lot of benefits to having solar power and having it locally, but there
are also a lot of problems.        While the cost is coming down, it's not
competitive yet with cheap things like gas and some of the other rather
nasty types of energy. How do we get around that? Putting solar energy on
individual homes isn't cost effective. We get calls once or twice a week from
people who want to give us solar energy on the house. The best they can
offer is something that will take between 20 and 35 years to amortize before
we get our cost back from reduced energy costs. That doesn't pay. The
place where it does payoff is in industrial areas, where they use a lot more
energy and they have a place where they can put the panels, large layers of
panels, the roofs. That's where we should be concentrating our attention.
One of the things we should be looking at is how we can offer other
incentives to get industrial developers, commercial developers, to go solar.
Let me give you a couple of suggestions. Recently you put in a limit of
50,000 square feet per year for office space. You said that if more than
                                                                          Page 63 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
