                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Is that what you intended? If I were on—that's
Seneca Street. You're saying that no employee permits will be sold on
Seneca Street.

Mr. Mello: The second question, Addison Street would be as it is today
where anyone is free to park on Addison Street until the residents of Addison
Street submit a petition to join the program, and then they would receive
the signage that Seneca has no employees would be allowed to park on
Addison.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. If you do that ...

Council Member Kniss: That's not what I heard.

Council Member Filseth: That wasn't what I thought I heard either.

Council Member DuBois: What did you guys think you heard?

Council Member Filseth: If you do that, then the cars that would have
parked on Seneca Street, then they have to go park somewhere else, in
Zone 4 or they have to come and park on Palo Alto Avenue. Essentially
what you're doing is taking the load off of Seneca Street and putting—you're
saying no employee cars over here; therefore, more over there.

Council Member DuBois: What I'm saying is I think these hang tags and
scratchers are a big hole. Until we fix those, then we should figure out the
distribution. I'm reserving that we may sell some employee permits on
those Crescent Park streets, but it needs to be measured somehow.

Council Member Filseth: Then you're increasing the density in the Phase 1
area.

Council Member DuBois: By the limit of the cap, whatever the cap is.

Council Member Filseth: I mean, it kind of goes to Cory's question, I think.
If given the choice of plans, all of us would take the College Terrace plan. Of
course, because the College Terrace plan says no employee cars. I mean,
nobody wants a parking permit program. The problem is we have several
thousand cars that park in the neighborhoods, because of past history and
stuff like that. It's not a question of choice; it's a question of what do we
have to do with all these cars. Actually it’s a question of how do we get the
cars out of the neighborhoods. That's really what it is.

Council Member DuBois: Really this was a Motion about coming back to
resolve those issues while letting Staff move forward with the other items.

                                                                       Page 111 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
