                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: When that times comes, I would certainly include
Number 4, which is changes to Planning and Transportation contingency, the
Downtown wayfinding ...

Mayor Burt:   Just so you understand, the $500,000 is in the Staff
recommendation.

Council Member Kniss: This isn't adding it, is it?

Mr. Keene: No, it's already in there.

Council Member Kniss: It's in there. It's in there.

Mr. Keene: If you want Middlefield and the other things that Hillary was
talking about, you don't need to change anything.

Council Member Kniss: That was my question. If we don't need to change
anything, I'm happy with it.

Mayor Burt: That's what I'm trying to clarify. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say thanks to the finance Staff. I
hope you guys are planning a nice vacation. Thank you to the Finance
Committee as well. I saw a lot of discussion in the Minutes about whether
we should dip into the contingency funds in an up year. I think that was a
very prudent discussion to have. Given many of those items, it looks like
we're going to be structurally in a pretty tough place in 2018. I'm looking
forward to that discussion. I have several questions that I'll go through, and
then I have some comments. On the question side, did we start a Section
115 account and do we actually put money in it this year?

Mr. Perez: Where we're at is the Finance Committee has given us direction.
We haven't come to you as the Council quite yet. The recommendation is to
go ahead and put $1.3 million from the General Fund side into this trust.
We had discussions with providers of these trusts, and so far we've found
two viable options. We're going through the process of figuring out. Part of
the direction was also have the other funds, the Enterprise Funds and the
Internal Service Funds (ISF) Funds, the vehicle, IT Fund, all of those,
contribute towards this. What we found out in discussions with these
providers is that they can actually have subaccounts, if you will. We can
have a proper accounting for each of the buckets of funds. We're just trying
to get through the budget and then get on that process to come in. To
anticipate a question, there is no additional funding beyond the $1.3 million
that we have in this proposed budget at this point.


                                                                            Page 39 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
