                         TRANSCRIPT
intersection as a hub. I know Topeka, Kansas, for a certain time actually
designated their entire downtown as a hub, so you could grab a bike
anywhere in Topeka, ride downtown, lock it up to any bike rack, and it's
considered returned. You don't have to worry about locating a rack if you're
going downtown. As soon as you get there, you just lock it up to the first
available location. This is an example of some of the data you can pull using
the SoBi system. You can calculate greenhouse gas reductions; you can
analyze travel patterns; you can look at the performance of the different
hubs. We'll be able to look at the number of trips per day per bike. This is
an example of number of trips. You can split it up by type of membership.
If we wanted to know where daily membership riders were going, maybe we
find out that people are coming to Palo Alto station and then touring
Stanford on a day pass. We would actually be able to look at what types of
trips and where they're going based on the membership. We could look at
where the annual membership riders are going. All this data will help us
better focus our marketing efforts and work with Motivate and target specific
populations and demographics and help improve the performance of the
system and get it up to that pne trip per day per bike minimum that we're
looking to get to. This is an example of a map showing all the trip density
overlaid on a city map. I think this is Hamilton, Ontario. We'll be able to
use some of this data to help plan our bike network as well. We'll see where
there's gaps, where we may see a certain roadway segment that a lot of
cyclists are using, and we don't have any infrastructure on that segment.
We could then in turn focus our investments on that roadway segment. This
is the current fare structure for Bay Area Bike Share. We would not have
the ability to set the fare structure. This would be operated as part of the
regional system under contract with MTC. Motivate and MTC have already
negotiated the fare structure for that. A 24-hour, one day membership is
$9. A three day membership is $22. A one year membership is $88. When
you have a membership, you can take an unlimited number of 30-minute
rides anywhere in the system. This is intended again to be kind of a last-
mile/first-mile connection. A bike share system is not intended to be a bike
rental system, where you rent the bike for a day or two or days at a time.
These are used for short, 30-minute or less, trips. Smart bike-specific fees
that Motivate has included are, as I mentioned earlier, the $3 out-of-hub
fee—this would be if you lock a bike up outside of a designated hub—and a
$1 return credit. The annual pass will be increasing from $88 to $144 with
the expansion of the system in 2017. This is very important. Motivate is
working to ensure that the system is interoperable with the Clipper Card in
the future. In the interim, you'll be able to use your Clipper Card as kind of
your ID for bike share. It'll be tied to your bike share account, but you'll
only have to carry one card for transit and for bike share. In the long term,
we're hoping that with Clipper 2.0 you could actually have one account that
would pull transit funds, bike share and other modes of transportation. This
                                                                       Page 76 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
