                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: It doesn't say anything for special events for the food
truck. It just says food truck permit.

Mr. Henrikson: I know. That's a little vague and ambiguous in the naming.
We would have to get you a better vetted program from the Special Events
Committee.

Mr. Keene: Can I just jump in? When we're looking at a special event, this
isn't the only issue we deal—we deal with issues other than, say, basically
fire safety or building inspection kinds of concerns. As a matter of fact,
much of what we do is just approval of a street closure, for example. The
fact that folks will go out and put up picnic tables or whatever and serve
food, have some lanterns or whatever it is, any of those sorts of things are
not at all in this category.

Mr. Henrikson: Correct. 90 percent of neighborhood events do not make
this threshold. This is for the large events, like I said, where there's going
to be cabling that people could trip over, large generators that could start
fires in conjunction with cooking booths. More like the art and wine festival
or, for example, the Gilroy garlic festival. Things where you have large
numbers of vendors and you're just trying to make sure that the public is
not put in harm's way. For the smaller events, Fire and Police, as City
Manager Keene pointed out, go out and just confirm that it's a safe event.
These fees are not applying to those small events. It's only when the
Committee weighs in and says, "You've reached thresholds." They're not
written here, and I apologize for that. We can sit down with the Special
Events Committee and have some form of rubric brought up.

Mr. Keene: Could we also, if even need be after the fact, just get a report
on the number of these special event permits that we actually give, that
(crosstalk) to cost. My impression is …

Mr. Henrikson: The number is very low.

Mr. Keene: … that it's very low.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're saying then that the food truck permits that you
have here are only for special events. They don't apply if I have a
neighborhood (crosstalk)?

Mr. Henrikson: Correct. There's a discussion going on countywide in terms
of we don't want to discourage food trucks, but we want to make sure they
are permitted at some level in terms of their fire suppression, their venting,
where they're keeping their extra propane tanks. The discussion on a
countywide level is still ongoing. The discussion is leaning towards having
                                                                        Page 88 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
