                         TRANSCRIPT
have moved us forward as a nation. These different levels of initiatives were
recognized by Secretary Ban Ki-moon as being fundamental to the ability to
come up with and have an agreement on the International Climate Accord in
Paris. It was recognized at that time that the role of cities and sub-national
groups had played an essential part of driving that international agreement.
While we all hope very strongly, the City—I signed onto a letter of 40 cities
based upon our own established policies that supported—it was a letter to
President-Elect Trump to continue to support the Climate Accords of Paris.
We are also now returning to where we were a year ago, where cities and
states in the U.S. are having an increasingly important role.          What's
happened at the national election level has, if anything, elevated the
importance that we do both our share, but also that we as a City truly are
leaders in being able to establish frameworks and policies and programs that
work. Frankly, a lot of the pushback for a couple of decades from the Kyoto
Accord was an argument that you can't have clean energy, cheap energy
and a strong economy. They're mutually exclusive objectives. One of the
strongest values that Palo Alto has established is that we have 100 percent
clean energy, electricity; we have electricity costs more than 30 percent
below Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E); and we have one of the strongest
economies anywhere. If anything, one of our biggest challenges is too
strong of an economy. The model that we have here is really looked toward
as something that other cities and regions see as an affirmation that these
goals are in fact achievable and pragmatic, and not merely aspirational. It's
within that context that I think we want to move forward aggressively on
embracing these aspects. I'll just offer a few suggestions on wording.
Where possible use common nomenclature and then explain it in what may
be terms of art. For instance, under design principles, we talk about using
ambient resources. That's certainly a correct terminology. I'd suggest we
talk about using local resources, and then explain what that means so that
the average person doesn't have to acquire new nomenclature to understand
these principles.     We can then explain them and offer that new
nomenclature. Also, I would suggest that the—when I was looking at, for
example, the foreword to the Plan, I would strongly encourage that it be
rewritten in a—I'm searching for the right way to say it—a less oratorical
manner. We certainly do value the forward looking vision that this Plan
embraces, but I think the tone of the foreword is a disconnect from a lot of
the really excellent parts of this Plan that talk about what's feasible, the
pragmatic and that we're moving to things that are really doable and
pragmatic. Even though many of us may strongly believe that this is an
important reflection of our values and our ideals, I think it's more important
that we have a tone to the Plan that conveys its practical achievability and
its focus on elements that can be modeled elsewhere. Without attempting to
describe what that wording would be, that would be just something
directional. One of the speakers had raised a concern as to whether
                                                                       Page 34 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
