                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Whatever the striping would be. I think you have
parking on one side, so I don't know where you'd put the bikes. Would it be
sharrows or something else?

Mr. Mello: No. We would add conflict markings, some green markings
where there is a lot of conflict at intersections, some bread crumbs to get
cyclists through intersections. I think we'd have to look at some traffic
calming devices as well.

Council Member DuBois: Ultimately, I want to go back to East Meadow. I
think it handles a ton of school traffic already. It makes the most sense to
me as a separated bike path. I know you said we're doing it, but I actually
suggest that we consider that to be the Midtown Connector.               We do
improvements to Loma Verde, but really focus on East Meadow as the trail
that connects to our new bridge to the Baylands, have it go Los Robles to
Foothill and your connection up to Arastradero. Again, to me it seems like
it'll be the highest use. All the students going to Gunn will benefit from this.
When we get to the tracks, if we're going to do some kind of crossing,
eliminating an at-grade crossing, which we have today at East Meadow, and
replacing that with either, depending on what we do with the Caltrain, but
separating bikes, peds and potentially even cars from the train seems like a
much better investment and in line with some of our other plans versus
creating a totally new crossing somewhere else. If you did end up going to
that power station, you're going to come out near Fry's. You're not all that
far from the Cal. Ave. undercrossing. Ultimately, you're a few blocks away,
which seems like a lot of expense to get a new crossing there. I guess the
big question is, if we really focused on East Meadow—I asked it before, but
I'll ask it again. We have two separated bike paths, and it connects to the
Baylands. Could we pitch that for the grant money? I think if we focused on
that, how likely do you think it is that we could convince them to give us the
money for that path?

Mr. Mello: I think we could submit a request to use the funding for any of
these corridors that we're discussing this evening. I would hazard to guess
what County staff and the County Board of Supervisors would agree to. I do
think East Meadow and West Meadow is a little bit of a stretch when the
grant was originally allocated towards the Matadero Creek Trail. That being
said, it does also connect the Bay, and it would tie into the Adobe/U.S. 101
overcrossing, that we're working on, more directly than Loma Verde would.
I think, again, we could submit a request for any of these corridors in regard
to the $1.5 million, but I can't presume to know what they would approve
and what they wouldn't approve.

                                                                         Page 51 of 116
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/20/16
