                          TRANSCRIPT
General Plan or a specific plan, an area plan is implemented, that's the best
opportunity to do a comprehensive and cumulative look at an area. I think
Mountain View has done a lot of planning around the Shoreline and West
Bayshore area where they've done a comprehensive look at what the
impacts would be and then come up with mitigation regimes that would
apply and attempt to address some of the impacts that you're referring to.
There's always the possibility that at the end of the day they can't mitigate
all of the significant impacts, and they adopt overriding considerations when
the planning documents went forward.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of questions. The first is it seems to
me that—correct me if I’m wrong; I want to make sure I understand this
right—what VMT does is for CEQA. Cities may still have their own level of
service. We may also approve, deny or make changes on projects based on
level of service. The difference is now this is about a CEQA challenge to a
project. Once we move to VMT, I wanted to understand exactly how that
works in terms of a CEQA challenge. There's two things I read on the Packet
Page. First of all, it said—there was one thing you said—parking impacts will
not be considered significant impacts on the environment for select
development projects within infill areas served by frequent transit service.
Under CEQA with this law, am I reading it correctly that if a project is under-
parked for instance or has lots of parking impacts, those are no longer CEQA
issues if you're close to transit?

Mr. Milam: Yes. One of the changes in 743 that went into effect was that
basically parking supply or aesthetic impacts both were basically eliminated
as environmental impacts. Again, under your own planning entitlement
though, if those are issues for the community, you could still analyze those.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's different. I've noticed we keep talking about under
your own you can do it. The question is we can do all of it and analyze our
own, but there's no CEQA issue then. No one could sue based on CEQA;
basically that comes off the table. We wouldn't have to do overriding
considerations under CEQA or any of that.         We could have separate
standards for parking in our General Plan and say you either meet it or you
don't. If you don't meet it, we're not going to approve your project. That's
separate under CEQA.

Mr. Milam: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What these changes do is they take CEQA off the table
in terms of doing overriding considerations and all of that when we talk
about VMT. I just want to make sure I'm understanding that correctly.
Parking is one of those issues. It said near transit. I guess I wanted to

                                                                        Page 21 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
