                             TRANSCRIPT
I can tell you put a lot of time and effort into this. Maybe when we get over
it, it'll be easier. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, did you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Greg just put it very well. The unbundling aspect of
it is pretty important. The moving ahead with it portion is pretty important
at this point too. It's only been—what have said? Eight years? As of the
beginning of January, there will be a new Council sitting here that may not
see exactly what we see in front of us tonight. Believe it or not, they even
decide to mess with it a little bit. We just have to move forward at this
point. Staff has done a great deal of work on it. I never guessed that we
would actually end up with six scenarios, all of which—as Doria said, it's a
grocery bagful. It's really a grocery cart full that we're choosing from.
Obviously I'm supporting it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll propose a friendly amendment. I was thinking
along exactly the same lines, that we would accept Scenarios 5 and 6. I
emailed David some proposed changes to Scenario 5. Scenario 5 to include
the County expressway implementation and to include the CC-2 FAR
reduction from 2.0 to 1.5; to subtract on 5 the performance-based zoning;
the constraints on ADUs; and the development by-right language.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just take them one at a time?

Council Member DuBois: I'm proposing those as a bundle for Scenario 5.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “with the following changes to Scenario 5:

A.        Add:

     i.          County Expressway implementation; and

     ii.         In the Community Commercial 2 (CC-2) district, the allowable
                 2.0 FAR would be reduced to an FAR of 1.5 near California
                 Avenue; and

B.        Subtract:

     i.          Remove ‘Mitigation and sustainability measures would be
                 adopted to minimize impacts…’       Remove performance-based
                 zoning – retain density-based zoning; and

                                                                        Page 59 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
