                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It's kind of interesting. This property is definitely
on the edge of our urban core. We didn't consider it Downtown in terms of
our annual cap. The Webster side is definitely very residential. There's a
large church, but I think it's kind of traditional to have larger churches in
residential neighborhoods, but nothing really commercial over there.
Looking at the zoning map, even with the PCs it's probably three-quarters
surrounded by residential and 25 percent commercial. The thing that I like
about the existing building is that commercial is really up on Hamilton, and
there's that nice buffer between—that really is a transition to the residential
on the back side and on the Webster side. If you were to come forward with
a project, I think I'd really like to see a lot more setback and a lot more
transition to those residential areas. Again, those mature trees in the back
are a very nice screen and transition to residential. There is this question of
how big is the existing building. It is in the cap, and I think we're nearing
the end of that cap. I think it'd be interesting to know how close we get to
using up the cap. Again, I'm looking at the proposed building. I don't think
I would find that it's in context in terms of mass and scale and daylight
plane, particularly with the residential buildings surrounding it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Mayor Burt, I just want to check. Are we doing
comments and questions, just questions now?

Mayor Burt: No, questions and comments.

Council Member Wolbach: Then we'll go to the public following the Council
comments, correct? Thanks for the clarification. A few thoughts about this.
First, this is an existing PC, Planned Community, zoning. I think the mood in
the community and certainly my thinking about PCs is they're a tool that has
been used for a lot of things, and we aren't always pleased with them.
Initially the idea of getting rid of a PC, I'm actually kind of excited about.
I'm not sure about all the details of what's proposed to take its place, but
just as far as moving past the era of PCs, maybe with the exception of
things like affordable housing, that's probably the only area where I'd be
open to keeping PCs. I think that's a discussion that Council is going to be
picking up. We haven't really closed the door completely on PCs, but I think
we're going to be having that coming back so we can finalize that future. I
think that's worth noting. I actually think that having housing on the border
of a current residential neighborhood and adding more residences on the
edge of a residential neighborhood and a commercial neighborhood makes
sense. If you're going to add housing somewhere, that's a logical place to
do it. If this was a quarter mile within a Caltrain station, it would be even
better. We're working with what's been proposed, so I want to consider that

                                                                        Page 11 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
