                         TRANSCRIPT
through a stakeholder process, and then get rid of          after "through a
stakeholder process." Take the rest of "C" and include it with "F."

Mayor Burt: Why?

Council Member Wolbach: Just to clean it up a little bit.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It doesn't have to be perfect. Staff can do it.          Staff
knows what we mean. We're not writing an ordinance here.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to combine Parts C and F of the Motion.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Wolbach: Instead of "retail and personal service workers,"
change it to "lower wage workers."           We've done analysis of that for
Downtown, but I don't think we've done that Cal. Ave. It might be more
sensible to stick with the differentiation based on income that we've done for
Downtown rather than switching here to basing it on what kind of business
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I actually that may be appropriate. Say you have janitorial
workers. They're neither retail nor personal service.

Council Member Wolbach: Both places that says retail and personal service
workers, I would make a friendly amendment to change that to "lower wage
workers." That would be in "C" and in "F" if we're not combining them.

Mayor Burt: We're not going to try and define what a low income worker is
tonight.

Council Member Wolbach: We've already explored that with Downtown.

Council Member Holman: Can I suggest, as the person who put this in both
the Memo and here, define lower income and you have some people who
work in retail that aren't necessarily lower income but who also we prefer
that they be able to park and facilitate their business than somebody who's
in an office which has a TDM program applied to it. I would hope that we
stop wordsmithing and leave it as retail and personal service.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just put in lower income workers and
personal service and retail workers.

Mayor Burt: Lower income including. Is that the intention? You want to
cover retail. He wants to cover low income. How about if we simply say low
                                                                      Page 122 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
