                          TRANSCRIPT
take all of ABAG's staff. It'll be one organization, and ABAG staff will cease
to exist as a separate organization. There will be two Boards with the
existing Executive Director. The ABAG Board will have a dotted line and will
not be responsible for the hiring and firing of the existing Executive Director.
Once that Executive Director is replaced with a new Executive Director, then
the new Executive Director will report fully to both the ABAG and the MTC
Boards. That seems to be where that's heading. MTC is supposed to vote
on this on Wednesday. We're supposed to look at the implementation plan
of all of this, this Friday.

Mayor Burt: I have two things to report. First, the San Francisquito Creek
Joint Power Authority had a special meeting this last Thursday to discuss
bridging the funding gap that emerged when we got the final bid in for the
primary construction bid for the downstream of 101 project. We were able
to bridge that gap; all five member agencies came forward with different
forms of contributions to doing it. We should be proceeding on construction
promptly. We're still trying to negotiate whether we can get a wider
construction window as a result of the endangered species restrictions that
we have. It's a very narrow construction window, and we'll see whether we
can get a wider one this year. If we can't, then it becomes a 3-year
construction project, because we talk about weeks each year that we can
construct. Second, I was asked to be a member of a smart city panel this
weekend at a major event at the county government offices. It was just
reiterated how strong our Staff has been in smart city initiatives, whether it
be open data or various apps, emergency prep, mobility. The other cities
are really recognizing that Palo Alto has been a real leader there. I just
wanted to share that feedback. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Just a reminder that the quarterly meeting of the
Peninsula Division of the League of California Cities is going to be this
coming Thursday night. The discussion is about affordable housing. This
week on the 25th. If any of you are interested, let me know and I'll sign you
up.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:45 P.M.

Mayor Burt: On that note, the meeting's adjourned.




                                                                        Page 110 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
