                          TRANSCRIPT
employees than the ones farther away from the zone instead of them being
more evenly distributed. I understand the stakeholders said they weren't
interested in a one side of the block, but I've talked to our neighbors and
we'd rather have to cross the block instead of having to go down two or
three blocks. Parking on one side of the street, we thought, would be a
simple and easy solution instead of multiple zones. The second equity is
about special circumstances by block. There are a number of blocks, there's
multifamily complexes, there's blocks where many of the homes are older
and don't have driveways or garages. When they're in part of the zone and
especially if they're in the blocks closest to the zone, then those residents
are going to have a very difficult time parking. The third and final is the
equity of residential areas outside of Downtown. If there's not a way to
address those first two issues of equity, then a number of us are requesting
that the Crescent Park neighborhood including all of Crescent Park, east of
Middlefield not just of east of Guinda, become a residential-only parking.
We believe it's unfair to push the Downtown parking area into a residential
area. I'd like to end with please make the Downtown RPP be equitable to
the residents of Palo Alto. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thomas Rindfleisch followed by Herb Borock.

Thomas Rindfleisch: Good evening, and thanks for the opportunity to speak
to you tonight.      I am a member of the Crescent Park Neighborhood
Association and have lived in Palo Alto for 30 years. I live on Tevis Place
which is right across the street from Eleanor Pardee Park. I'm speaking
tonight in support of the proposal that Norm Beamer and Attorney Laura
Beaton have submitted to declare Crescent Park to be a resident-only
parking zone rather than to be forced to accept commercial parking that
basically comes because past Councils have allowed development without
the implementation of parking sufficient to accommodate the employees and
the clients that are in these businesses. As I said, I live across from Eleanor
Pardee Park, and have been there for 30 years. Eleanor Pardee Park is a
very heavily used park during holidays, soccer season and other kinds of
events that draw people to the park. There is heavy parking on Center and
the surrounding area, but we have never had a situation that could not be
managed within reason. As I watch the incremental, very complicated
changes to the parking rules in Palo Alto, the areas that are affected whether
it be Edgewood are with East Palo Alto or now the intrusion of people from
the Downtown District, these are moving basically to take over all of
Crescent Park and to submit it to the requirement to accommodate outside
people in a sort of systematic way that occupies the parking spaces that
should be allocated to the residents. This incremental approach, I think, has
not been shown to lead to any long-term endgame that's going to solve this
problem. I would ask the Council to step back and look at the complexity of
                                                                        Page 89 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
