                         TRANSCRIPT
reduction within Palo Alto. If there was maybe some clarity provided around
that, that might be—that could eliminate the big snare that, I think, Council
Member DuBois and I were referring to. Maybe some clarifying language
around that.

Ms. Gitelman: We'd be happy to work on that language. I think it can be
more clear. What we're talking about here is that one project could offset its
trips, but it has to achieve the reduction somehow, even if it's off-site. Let
us take another stab at that.

Council Member Holman: We just don't want to impose at some place where
it could have a negative impact.

Ms. Gitelman: Understood.

Council Member Holman: We just don't want to transfer the mess from one
place to another.

Ms. Gitelman: Understood.

Council Member Holman: That's one. The other place—two other places. I
agree with Mayor Burt as he disagreed with me. That has to do with no net
new trips. I agree about reducing the number of trips, not just a net new
trips goal but actually reducing trips. I wanted to clarify I absolutely agree
with that. I hate to say it, because I'm not sure it happens very much. I
agree with my esteemed colleague to my right, who was talking about not
incorporating the El Camino Design Guidelines, thinking it was too early. I'm
not sure ...

Mayor Burt:    We're all to your right, so we don't quite know who you're
pointing at.

Council Member Holman: Immediately to my right. You're all esteemed
colleagues, but on this occasion I'm referring to the one immediately to my
right.    That was a comment having to do with the Grand Boulevard
Initiative. I just want to remind Council Members who were here and inform
those who weren't here that either in October of 2012 or early in 2013 there
was a Colleagues Memo that came to the Council, that talked about
incorporating the South El Camino Design Guidelines, the principles and the
grand boulevard initiative. It provided background. There was reference
material provided. The direction we were given at the time is that would be
incorporated into the Comprehensive Plan discussion. We already made that
decision. If we want to revisit that decision, then we need to have a further
discussion about it so people know what we're talking about. Vice Mayor
Scharff will remember that. Council Member Schmid will remember that.
                                                                      Page 117 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
