                         TRANSCRIPT

the end of that, permanent, supportive housing. I would suggest that those
be added, and I appreciate both of you coming tonight to suggest that. Do
you want a motion on that or a suggestion or how would you like to do it,
Mayor Burt?

Mayor Burt: I think it might be good for us to first go around and provide
questions and comments, and then return for specific recommendations
because it would give other colleagues an opportunity to just offer their
perspectives, and then that could be folded into a motion that may be more
cohesive than starting right out of the gate with a set of everybody coming
up with their specific changes.

Council Member Kniss: Once in a while I get overly enthusiastic. I'll come
back to that after others make their comments. That's my comment for the
moment.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member Dubois: Thanks to the CAC and the Staff. It's great to see
a draft Element of our new Comp Plan. I had a quick process question.
What are we doing with feedback from the public on these draft Elements?
Particularly when we get to more controversial Elements, are we going to be
leaving those open for public comment for a longer period of time? How do
we feed that back in?

Mr. Dennis: All of the comments that we receive whether it's through the
digital commenter, emails to Staff or otherwise, we fold into the CAC process
by including it in their packet. We include that as early as possible. We ask
the members of the CAC to take a look at that and include those items. We
try to leave the digital commenter open as long as possible depending on
how many different Elements we have.

Council Member DuBois: I knew that was happening during the process.
Once we have a draft, can the public comment on this again?

Mr. Dennis: Sure, absolutely.

Council Member DuBois: Is that part of the process?

Mr. Dennis: Yes, that would be fine.

Council Member DuBois: Do they go back up to the digital commenters?

                                                                       Page 23 of 91
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/8/16
