                          TRANSCRIPT
you're looking to bring back the future policy alternatives. I think one of the
issues is that we need to have a lag between when residents are asked
whether they will support or not support a petition and when they're
notified, whether that's a 30 or a 60-day time period where they basically
are given a notice of an intent to circulate a petition before they're asked to
sign or not sign. I think it lets everybody think about it and not feel
pressured and hopefully have some neighborhood dialog over it, and then
they can make informed decisions. I suspect out of that we'd get fewer
reversals over time. When people sign it, they'd have thought it through
and stick with their decision. Second, the point has been made. If we
change boundaries and we really don't know to what degree the initial
petitioners still support new boundaries, we may have higher support than
we did. We may have lower support. We just simply don't know. This
particular petition has already had one boundary change, and we're looking
at a reasonable argument that if we were going to consider it, it would
perhaps have a second boundary change. I'm surprised we have no one
here from Louis, because we have five out of five homes on Louis who didn't
support the petition. One of those five is two-story already. On the other
hand, within the internal neighborhood of Evergreen and Thornwood and
Arbutus within that sector, we have as best I can count 25 of 32 homes in
support. One of the things I didn't hear tonight but we've heard on the
more recent one is a difference in lack of participation in the voting by
absentee homeowners. The homeowners tend to participate more, and the
absentees don't. I don't know how to construe that lack of participation. Is
that a no vote or just a non-participation?           I think it's probably a
combination of the two.       If we were to consider the petition for the
boundaries that came to us tonight or if we were to consider it for including
the original boundaries, with the original boundaries we're at what, maybe
50 percent or so if you include the opposite site of Talisman. On the other
hand, if we have this interior configuration, we'd be 78 percent. It's a big
difference. I don't see the basis for being able to have this particular
proposal come back to us. If we were to exclude Ross, I'd want to have a
revote.

Council Member Berman: A revote of the neighborhood?

Mayor Burt:    I thought the Motion said the petitioners would be able to
decide.

Council Member DuBois:      The intent was they would have to repetition
without Ross.

Mayor Burt: They didn't have to repetition to change the boundaries.


                                                                        Page 70 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
