                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I saw that it went to the Architectural Review
Board (ARB), but those minutes weren't included. Did the ARB have any
comments or concerns?

Mr. Petersen: The ARB reviewed the project. Their purview is really just the
architecture. Their concern was with the driveway actually, the width of the
driveway. They are going to widen the driveway to provide a little bit more,
I guess, ease of access to get back to the garage. That was their primary
concern. It'll actually reduce the square footage of the house on Lot 3. We
don't know by how much right now.

Council Member DuBois: Do we have zoning that would prohibit the garage
from entering from whatever that street is on the side, and the house to face
a different street? The garage is right on the street on the back side.

Mr. Petersen: This is all internal to the site.   Again, Northern California
Avenue is here at the bottom of the screen.

Council Member DuBois: That's another property in the back.

Mr. Petersen: This is internal. There are other properties around that.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just a couple of questions. Can I get clarification?
Sir, are you the applicant?

Mr. Petersen: I'm the Project Planner.

Council Member Holman: Project Planner, okay.

Mr. Lait: Just to be clear. Adam is a consultant working with M Group. We
contract out with M Group to help us out with some of our application
processing.

Council Member Holman: That's helpful. Thank you. I didn't see referenced
anywhere—can we condition—this is certainly discretionary approval. Can
we condition—what kind of conditions can we put on this? For instance, can
we require extra units to be built where they're allowed based on lot size?
They're proposing that what happens here is you get one extra housing unit.
Can we require that? I think the Council would have to do that. The ARB
could not.


                                                                        Page 16 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
