                          TRANSCRIPT
weren't actually able to accomplish that successfully last year. This year we've
just gotten a first pass. I think the way the Mayor introduced it is right. This is
just to inform us even where we are right now. What I really wanted to do is
just lay a foundation for the Council on actions that I think that the Staff feels
that we need to find a way to spend some time on during the course of the year
so we can maintain the focus that you establish when new issues and items
come up to be able to assimilate them or reprioritize in an effective way. The
truth is we have no real formal process for that now. It's sort of done
intuitively or instinctively. We will have a count for you on this. I think what
this will do is it will inform some processes and approaches that we need to
take as a City to refine this so that it's even more useful and the fact that it's
going to need to be dynamic during the course of the year. I mean, new
initiatives are going to come up. Something is going to be more complicated
than we might have thought. I just wanted to take the liberty as City Manager
to give you a report on sort of how we're trying to approach it at the Staff-level
to be able to not just manage our work but be accountable for results that you
want to see. I just took the liberty of thinking about this in terms of balance.
Healthy City/Healthy Community, as some of you had mentioned, while it's a
Priority right now, it's actually probably more of a kind of core value. How is it
that we have a balanced environment and approach to this? I'm trying to see
why I can't get my show up here. Kind of to get clearer to go back in time, just
to sort of show you that when we're focusing on the Council's Priorities, even
those 69 back there, and we kind of call them Priority projects. As somebody
said earlier today, the majority of the work we do as a City is the regular stuff
of the City, the Police Department responding to calls for service, us fixing the
roads and all of those sorts of things. I just wanted to revisit the fact that
there are Council Priority projects. This idea of these are things that are
important and that are visible above the line. There are also Council Priority
projects that are not within your identified Priorities, that during the course of
the year come up. Just as an example, we had included one non-Priority
project even though it could be put under Healthy Cities.                That's the
Neighborhood Engagement Initiative that you asked us for. I only put that one
up there to give you an indication. There are things that matter to you that are
outside of the projects on the Priority list. There will be new ones that come up
during the course of the year. In addition, we have all sorts of department or
ELT priority projects during the course of the year also. Most of our work
focuses in this area we call core services. Again just as an example, there were
69 projects listed under the Priorities. The Council added what? I don't know,
five, six, seven, eight, whatever. Some of them were ones that we actually had
in our draft list and didn't get in there. Even our inability to get this list
perfectly is an indication of the state of affairs in our City. If I were to just
identify ELT priority projects that aren't listed up there on your list, everything
from how do we create the Development Services function as an Enterprise
Fund. We've got a regional Fire and Police Dispatch initiative going on. We
                                                                          Page 54 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
