                          TRANSCRIPT
As it relates to how cities and counties function within the development
world, it changes some of that dialog with the development community.
When you're talking about the mitigation, if you're trying to change their
project, which they may have spent a lot of money developing that project
in a certain way, you can actually experience some resistance with that.
Those are some things to be prepared for. Finally, in terms of what the
schedule is for implementation, I said earlier the law was passed back in
2013. We're very close to implementation now. The Governor's Office of
Planning and Research expects this fall to have their final draft being
submitted to the Natural Resources Agency. That starts the formal rule-
making process, which will take about six months, give or take. From that
point, they've offered up a two year opt-in period, a grace period if you will,
for lead agencies to opt into the new law. One thing to be aware of, though,
Caltrans is also involved in implementation of 743. They've already started
to update their internal guidance, and they are a commenting agency on a
lot of projects. Sometimes they're even a responsible agency, meaning they
have a role in approving the project. In those cases, Caltrans will start here
very soon commenting on projects to expect VMT analysis today. They're
ready to move away from vehicle level of service and are potentially
accelerating implementation of 743. With that, I'll turn it over to Hugh.

Hugh Louch, Alta Planning and Design: Thanks, Ron. I'm going to switch
gears here a little bit and talk about bicycle and pedestrian comfort and
stress. While the VMT conversation is about what's legally required to be
done in terms of CEQA, we're much more talking about the types of analysis
that you want to do when you're thinking about investing in your
transportation system and the types of benefits that you might have from
that. There's just been a lot of work really in recent years to think about,
both from an automobile standpoint but also for bicyclists and pedestrians,
how they use the transportation system and how we can design
transportation systems to benefit all users. There's a lot of work, of course,
at the national level and at the State level as well, thinking about taking a
performance-based approach to the decision-making process that you all
have to go through and having the kind of information so you can assess the
tradeoffs that you have to make across different choices. That would include
choices on which modes you invest in. These kinds of metrics can be useful
for helping you do that. Let's start by talking a little bit about multimodal
level of service. As Ron was talking about level of service over the last
number of years or decade roughly, there's been a lot of interest in having
comparable methods to the automobile level of service for bicyclists,
pedestrians and transit. There's work through the National Cooperative
Highway Research Program, which develops the highway capacity manual,
which is used as the main methodology for establishing these different level
of service grades that allow you to say is this free-flowing or congested.
                                                                         Page 6 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
