                          TRANSCRIPT
next to it and to the church across the street.    Please don't encourage its
destruction. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker is Jeff Austin. Welcome.

Jeff Austin: My name is Jeff Austin, and I'm a resident of Crescent Park. I
do not support the redevelopment of 550 Hamilton. If the owners of 550
want to redevelop, so be it. This being the case, I ask the Council to please
not approve the rezoning request. In fact, I ask the Council to instead deny
this and all other rezoning requests. If redevelopment must occur, please
ensure that it is approved within existing zoning designations. Enough is
enough. A project of this scope and scale is not well suited for this parcel.
It moves acceptable height and density in the wrong direction. I urge you to
reject this proposal. Thank you for your consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you, members of the public, for speaking
out. I want to return to the Council very briefly, because I'm concerned that
the Council really hasn't spoken with enough clarity. In a Study Session, we
don't take a vote. It's incumbent on us to provide an applicant with
guidance or at least sentiment that will allow them to leave and have some
sense of direction. I would encourage Council Members to speak up. Let me
add just one thing I neglected to mention before. On the one hand, this
project as proposed by the applicant would add a great deal of parking, but
that 182 spaces is essentially 182 car trips roundtrips each day. It does
address the current parking requirements fully, but it's a significant trip
generation that would result. That's a concern of mine. Council Member
Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think if the developer were listening to the
neighborhood tonight and also to us, it would be fairly clear that this doesn't
have a great deal of legs, as they put it. The other thing I'd like to know
about I'll ask Planning. This is a PC. What was the PC benefit? If you don't
know now, perhaps you could let us know another time. In the past, there
has been some public benefit that was usually pretty tangible that went with
a PC.

Ms. Gitelman: We have reviewed the PC Ordinance, and it is not clear what
the public benefit was when this PC Ordinance was approved.

Council Member Kniss: I wondered if that was the case. We could ask Bob
Moss, but I know he's not being paid tonight. I think one of the things that,
when we're doing this kind of prescreening, the developer really needs to
know is any appetite for this. I'm not hearing that tonight. I think it's
important that we deliver that in a straightforward way. I realize that a lot

                                                                        Page 23 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
