                          TRANSCRIPT

Mr. Dennis: We weren't planning to put the document back up at this time.
We had other Elements that we were putting up for the process that we're
using at the CAC. I think we presumed that at the end of the process when
we have a complete Comprehensive Plan, we would put it back up for final
comments from the public.

Council Member DuBois: I would just consider—again, we don't want to
have this continue indefinitely. I think once an edit is available, it'd be great
to get some public feedback. Doing the whole Comp Plan at the very end is
going to be a lot to digest. I don't have really a suggestion for that, just
think about that. I had some questions on page C-4 where we list our
parks. We have Byxbee Park listed as a neighborhood park, where Foothill
Park is an open space. To me, I guess, Byxbee would more appropriately
fall into the open space category. Also we don't list Winter Lodge as a
recreational facility. I believe the City owns Winter Lodge. I was curious
why Gunn High School's pool is listed. Does the City actually own that pool?
I know we offer it in the summer time.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Hillary
Gitelman, the Planning Director. We'd be happy to answer those questions
as we go forward with a revised draft. I'm sure this came from some
consultation with CSD, but we can delve into those specific issues.

Council Member DuBois: I think we use several School District pools; I
wasn't sure why we listed one.

Rob de Geus, Community Services Director: Council Member DuBois, I can
answer that question too because I was reading it again today. That
shouldn't be in there. We did use Gunn High School for a while during the
summer as we did swim lessons and lap swim. Now we use the JLS pool and
we rent the pool from the School District to do that. On the Winter Lodge, I
think that's a good addition that we should add as well. Council Member
Holman also brought it up today. It is City-owned land and we lease the
land to the Winter Lodge and a tennis group that offers programming there.
We'll add that.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks. On C-2, we have the map of parks and
open space. I thought it'd be useful to actually separate open space from
park and show the difference there. I do think they're different things.
They used differently.     Thirty new programs, I've raised this at the
beginning. The process is conducive to adding and not subtracting. Do we
think that's an excessive number? Do we think it's a manageable number.
                                                                          Page 24 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
