                          TRANSCRIPT
second part is more meat on the bone as to the type of housing that we
would be—type and amount, kind of what Council Member DuBois was
talking about, is not only a preferred scenario but putting some guidance on
what we think that would look like and whether we want to pilot it. Maybe
those other two things are the things we need to wait and have returned to
us and try to grapple with just the specific request of Staff tonight, which is
the scenarios. If we could do both and everybody is in good enough
agreement and can get that done fairly quickly, that'd be fine. It may not be
realistic to try and do both.

Council Member Kniss: (crosstalk) good start on a motion.

Mayor Burt: I'm seeing a little head nodding.

Mr. Keene: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That one too. I'm game to go either way. I tend to think we
ought to break it into two parts. The first part, I will move that we direct
Staff to evaluate two variations of Scenario Number 5, one with essentially
Scenario B on Page 3 of the Staff Report and the other some variation of
Scenario C. I would be open to, for environmental analysis purposes,
modifying "C" to a 6,000 housing units evaluation.

Council Member Kniss: I would second ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Council Member Kniss: ... that. Greg, I think you beat me.

MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to direct
Staff to evaluate two variations of Scenario Number 5:

      A.    Option B from the Staff Report; and

      B.    Option C from the Staff Report, incorporating 6,000 housing
            units.

Mayor Burt: Let me just let that go. If we want to try and tackle what we
do on the other, either tonight or another night, we'll do that. I think I've
spoken enough about my intentions there. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is really a good approach. I actually do
think that on "C" we should go to 6,000, if you're acceptable to that.

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

                                                                       Page 104 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
