                          TRANSCRIPT
the order of 3-3 1/3 percent in our most recent budget. This is a 12 percent
increase. It seems to me we're going to people who traditionally have gone
selling capital improvements, and a 50/50 split of the funding seemed to
make sense. Now, we're at 56/44 for staffing and maintenance. That
seems like a fairly dramatic shift.

Mr. Teresi: Again, what happened is when we were meeting with the
Committee and when they prepared the Report, we were using fiscal 2016
budget figures. Since this new fee proposal wouldn't go into effect until
Fiscal 2018, there's actually going to be a difference between those old
figures and the figures that will be in effect in 2018. We looked at more
updated and more current budget figures. Existing costs have gone up, and
those are part of the base program. I understand your concern, but this is
the cost of the ongoing maintenance and engineering and water quality
program.

Council Member Schmid: As I recall, the Long Range Financial Forecast
implied that salary and benefits, the cost of maintenance and engineering
would be rising about three percent, 2 1/2-3 percent per year in the future.
We do have an inflation adjustment of that written in. Again, why the shift
for more of the funding to go away from capital projects?

Mr. Bobel: Let me emphasize that there wasn't any increase in any of the
actual activities between the last time you met and now. What we had to do
was take care of two years of budget growth. Like Joe said, we were
working off FY '16 numbers; we had to update that to FY '18. You get two
years’ worth of growth. Roughly speaking, your math isn't too far off from
what actually happened. When we shifted from one category to the other, it
looks like a 12 percent increase; actually that's only as a percent of the
total. Really what we had was two years worth of a smaller number. It
looks like that shift from the total, but it was not that percentage increase
from the previous figure you were given for the base amount. It's hard to
explain.

Council Member Schmid: I'm just thinking if we're heading toward an
election, which your time table has coming pretty quick, it would be an
effective election issue, to say that this is addressing the capital needs of our
City. Moving away from the 50/50 is a little bit concerning. I wonder if the
members of the Commission would like to make any comment.

Mayor Burt: Excuse me a moment. I'll allow it. Mr. Mickelson, if you'd like
to come up to the mic. Those need to go through the Chair.

Hal Mickelson, Blue Ribbon Storm Water Management Committee: Hal
Michelson. I would say that what's going on primarily is that there was
                                                                          Page 16 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
