                           TRANSCRIPT
believe it is, we're going to be bringing to Council a Study Session on sea
level rise where we'll raise the question to you all for your thoughts as to the
degree of double protection we should have on our systems going forward.
Should we place our reliance on the 16-foot levee, which is to be
constructed? Should we also either increase or—what should we do with our
requirements for building the structure, the floor level at a certain level? We
don't have a City policy on doing more than what we've done at this time. I
just wanted to highlight that for you, so you'd understand that the plan, as
of right now, is to rely on the levees for flood protection for this facility.
Flood protection and sea level rise for this facility.

Council Member Kniss: Given the end of the century still has a way to go,
another 85 years or so, and probably some of the technology will have
changed by then, I could probably reasonably predict none of us will be here
to observe the five foot sea level rise. I think it's important for the public to
know that that was taken into consideration, including the levees that will go
up. It's a big question. Granted, if you were in the current political race,
you probably might think we had no problem whatsoever. At least we in
Palo Alto have addressed it head on.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks for the presentation. I had some questions
on Slide 9, just the long-term footprint.

Mr. Bobel: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: This one with the drawing.              That one.         The
incinerators today are inside that solid brown area.

Mr. Bobel: Correct.

Council Member DuBois:      A digester would go in that same space, is that
basically the footprint?

Mr. Bobel: We're still sort of debating how this would look and also whether
we would have two or three digesters. Jamie, can you remind me? Would
we have to remove the incinerator building for two digesters?

Jamie Allen, Water Quality Control Plan Manager: Correct. The current
incinerator building is the perfect location for digesters, because they're pile-
supported, 80 feet deep, and then they have to have tiebacks going out.
We're going to be hitting all of our nearby structures, so that was kind of the
sweet spot for putting in digesters if we're going to dig a 30-foot pit out
there for these tanks.
                                                                          Page 44 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
