                          TRANSCRIPT
Chris Wuthmann, Stanford University Real Estate Office: Thank you. Good
evening, Councilors.      My name is Chris Wuthmann; I'm with Stanford
University Real Estate. I am manager of the California Avenue, now known
as University Terrace, housing development.             In 2005, the Mayfield
Development Agreement and its EIR required Stanford University to obtain
review and approval of hazardous material mitigation at the upper California
housing development from the California Department of Toxic Substances
Control. The purpose of this hearing is to confirm our compliance with
oversight by the DTSC and to approve amendment of our subdivision plan
for purposes of improved mitigation. While it is not Council's role to
evaluate DTSC's scientific and technological judgments, it is important for
you to understand how we came to the point of proposing a more
conservative layout for part of the proposed site. To begin, while Stanford
and Palo Alto knew in 2005 of the likely existence of contaminants on the
California Avenue site, Stanford was not able to begin fully evaluating these
conditions until 2013, when it began regaining control of the properties and
environmental consultants were able to commence the required Phase 2
testing. The results of the investigations of the first two properties, 1451
and 1501 California Avenue, led the DTSC to issue no further action letters
in 2013, which stated that the sites did not pose a significant risk to human
health or the environment under residential land use. Based in part on
these findings, we initiated our development application for the overall
property in October 2013 and ultimately received final subdivision map
approval in December 2014. We moved forward with our development and
subdivision map in this fashion in part because there was great desire by our
neighbors, the College Terrace neighborhood, for us to make use of the
temporarily available access route from Page Mill Road through the 1450
Page Mill property as long as possible, even though we had not yet regained
control of the final portion of the property, i.e., 1601 California Avenue. This
decision was well disclosed and discussed by all participants during the
development approvals. The final map enabled us to get our first permits
for new construction and starting construction within this timeframe did,
indeed, prove to be beneficial for the College Terrace neighborhood, as over
11,500 heavy truck trips were able to use the Page Mill access to the site
through September 2015. Stanford regained control of the 1601 property at
the end of 2014. After the building was demolished, our experts detected
elevated levels of TCE in soil vapor samples collected in the vicinity of the
sump beneath the former building. This soil vapor was located 14-25 feet
below predevelopment grade and located in areas where up to 15 feet of fill
is planned to be added on top within the site plan. Notwithstanding the
depths of these readings, however, modeling indicated that seven houses in
our previous plan would be located over soil vapor concentrations that would
potentially cause a greater than one chance in a million risk of cancer if one
were to remain indoors 24/7 for 26 years, which is the conservative level of
                                                                          Page 18 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
