                            TRANSCRIPT
where they drew their cross-section. I don't think there is any significant
disagreement among the experts on where this recharge area is. Where
there's disagreement is could there be leakage in areas which are not the
recharge area. We've been careful not to draw any conclusions about that.
That's our technical answer to your technical question.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I can wait.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think what you described when you mentioned
metering, I couldn't find where that was called out in the Tier 1 items.

Mr. Bobel: We'll find it.

Council Member DuBois: Kind of a similar question really in terms of a
suggested sort of Motion. It seems like we have kind of these five general
Tier 1 points, and then we have this detailed notice. They both have kind of
different information, but I think we want to include both. I think the notice
might have the pumping detail.

Mayor Burt: If I might clarify. My understanding is the notice are the
implementation detail specifics of whatever policy direction we would be
giving.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just trying to get clarity on what the Motion
would encompass in the notice.    I think it addresses some probably
questions people have.

Mayor Burt: I'll let Staff respond, but my assumption is no, we don't
necessarily—we don't typically give policy decisions that are the verbiage of
notices.

Mr. Keene: I don't know that we want to get exactly in that practice. Just
to state it again, the Motion identifies five steps. That fifth step is, in a
sense, implemented through this notice. I don't think there's anything
wrong with the Council generally referring to a notice or something. I would
be concerned—I mean, we could get out and say we have a slight change we
need to make or whatever, and we have to go back to Council.

Council Member DuBois: Just during the description, I think you said the
fourth point about the fill station, that the water would be metered, but
that's not in the fourth point. I was just trying to understand kind of ...

                                                                       Page 43 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
