                         TRANSCRIPT
It looks something like maybe in the neighborhood of 25-30 percent
reduction Citywide with a 12 or 14 percent increase in population. Per
capita, it looks like we're in the neighborhood of a 40 percent reduction.

Ms. Dailey: Right. If you look at Slide 11, the red line is the gallons per
capita per day (GPCD).

Mayor Burt: I see. GPCD, got it.

Ms. Dailey: Some numbers in the Urban Water Management Plan include
both potable water and recycled water; and some are only potable water,
just in case you see two different numbers. Sometimes that can be the
difference.

Mayor Burt: I'm looking at 1996; it hit a peak of 70—wait a minute. I see.
It's the 250 gallons per capita per day, and then we dropped all the way
down this year to—it looks like about 130.

Ms. Dailey: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Almost a 50 percent reduction in gallons per capita per day
with a long-term trend downward. It'll be interesting what our trends are.
You've been pretty conservative of showing that we'd actually trend back
upward moderately as we leave the drought. We'll see what happens there.
That's a pretty drastic drop per capita. We continue to have long-term
trends of reduction per capita. We don't know what rate we'll continue to
have. If we look at, for instance, a 15-year period outside of this most
recent drought, we had maybe about 20-25 percent drop per capita over a
15-year period. That gives us some reference points on what we may
expect going forward per capita. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:        When I was asking you about worst case
scenarios, you said that there was another document that was maybe more
appropriate.

Ms. Dailey: We'll be bringing to you a Water Integrated Resources Plan later
this year, which will do a more comprehensive, head-to-head evaluation of
water supply alternatives. We'll assess all of those alternatives on a number
of criteria including reliability, regulatory sensitivity, cost, quality, etc.

Council Member DuBois: Does that also include the demand forecasts?

Ms. Dailey: Mm-hmm.



                                                                       Page 49 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
