                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Stephanie Munoz to be followed by our final
speaker, VJ Mohan.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening again, Mayor Burt and City Council. I don't
get much satisfaction out of this comment. It's seems to me that this
discussion is like those restaurant reviews in the newspaper that say this
place is a great place to go on a date, this place is for a special occasion,
this place is a good place to go if somebody else is paying. The lowest paid
workers do not get enough. That's agreed. It's not the people are paying
them the small amount that we should look to. We should look to the
society. We should look to ourselves. We take taxes from those people.
We use those people for necessary jobs, and yet we don't give them their
money's worth. This is a country that doesn't have health insurance even
for babies, babies who have no choice about coming into this world. This is
a country in which Presidential Candidate Sanders said everybody should get
a free college education, taxes pay for it. No, no, no. It is to ourselves that
we should look to give a floor underneath every single person. Everybody
should have some place out of the rain to sleep to begin with. People
shouldn't be told that they can't sleep in their cars. People shouldn't be told
that their belongings, their blanket, can be taken away from the City park
because there's no place to leave it. That's wrong, wrong, wrong. Look to
ourselves. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Our final speaker, VJ Mohan. Welcome.

VJ Mohan: Thank you. As a Palo Alto resident for the last 30 years and
some, I'm quite disappointed with our restaurant owners. I've lived here
(inaudible) or local restaurants. Here they stand griping so much to give
$15 to their employees. I'm pretty disappointed with you guys. Seriously.
They're talking about tips versus wages. Do they know the difference
between wage and tip? A wage is between an employer and an employee.
A tip is between a customer and somebody who served them. What I give
to the employee has nothing to do with you, nothing to do with the owner.
You pay for their work, and I pay for their service. Mixing of the two just
does not make sense. It's a minimum wage proposition; it's about a wage
between you and your employee. All these crocodile tears about supporting
minimum wage for the backroom employees, why weren't you paying that
before if you're so for a living wage for the backroom workers? The
schedule, we should have been paying this $15 way back when. The earlier
we do it the better. I hope we go to living wages pretty soon. I'm all for
moving to $15 by 2018. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll return to the Council for discussion and
motions. Council Member DuBois.

                                                                        Page 82 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
