                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: And then go out to the public. Whether or not you want to see
the 15 percent designs before we go out to the public or vet them first.
We'll want that decision tonight.

Mr. Eggleston: This is the most recent alignment or layout for the bridge.
This is the total budget for the project. We show you this really just to show
that the design work we're talking about and the other items total up to the
$13 million budget that we're talking about. There are items that are spent
and committed already, that are at the top. With the baseline and those
additional items that we just talked about in the other table, we estimate the
total construction cost in 2019 to be $9.2 million. There, under the soft
costs, you see the Phase 1 preliminary design, which is the contract we're
discussing this evening. That is the 1.47 million. The Phase 2 and 3, which
would be future amendments to the contract, are roughly 750,000. There's
other construction phase services that total about 800,000. Those things
make up the $13 million budget. Back to our schedule quickly. One thing
I'll note. If you've looked at the schedule that was included in the Staff
Report, it's extremely complicated. There's factors there where things are
proceeding because of the design work that Biggs Cardosa is doing. There's
public outreach and Boards and Commissions meetings. There's Caltrans
review process, and then there's CEQA and NEPA review. In various ways,
those things are happening in parallel and have influences on each other. I
won't try to go through this in great detail. What I will say is that the Phase
1 that's in this contract we expect to be complete in late 2017. The final
design, where we'll be ready to go out to bid, we're now expecting in fall
2018. The schedule would have us beginning the construction in early 2019
and finishing in spring 2020. There are adjustments to this schedule. It
essentially pushes out the beginning of construction for close to a year from
what we last discussed. That's based primarily on putting in—we were being
very aggressive before to try to meet that Federal funding deadline that we
had, which was in 2017. We've taken a somewhat safer approach here. We
also think that the bridge can be built 6 months faster, so the net effect is
delaying the total project by about 6 months. With that, we're back
revisiting the recommendation to authorize the professional services
agreement with Biggs Cardosa.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I think we'll proceed directly to the two members
of the public who want to speak, in part out of deference to the later hour
and that they've hung in there and in part because we seem to be very
challenged as a Council distinguishing between technical questions and
rhetorical questions. Our first speaker is Shani Kleinhaus, to be followed by
Robert Neff. Welcome.



                                                                        Page 87 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
