                          TRANSCRIPT
neighborhood were completely left out. This is a violation of their civil
rights. We have been flooded with misinformation that a 7,000-square-foot
lot allows a one story to be 2,850 square feet. Before the SSO, the
possibility was expanding to 2,900 square feet. After the SSO, on this
particular piece of property that actually exists at the corner of Stockton and
Loma Verde, there is only enough space to expand a home to 1,900 square
feet. From a Staff Report, if the homes were included in the boundary with
the Eichler homes, the level of support would dip. This is in response to the
arbitrary removal of a house to bring support to 70 percent at the time of
application.    With the two recent changes noted below, the proposed
boundary would no longer meet the SSO eligibility requirement of 70 percent
support level. Therefore, the removal of this home appeared reasonable,
and the Staff supported the removal. Our neighborhood is Royal Manor. It
includes all of the homes in Royal Manor. The City Council is being asked to
do a serial amputation, struggling ever mightily forward to succeed in hitting
the 70 percent. The 70 percent has not been attained. It was never
attained. It only was in the imagination of the people who thought that they
had to have this. Our neighborhood is going to be truncated again. It is
going to have Stockton and Loma Verde removed from the neighborhood,
because plainly they don't support Ben Lerner's proposition. Since it's not
going to be Royal Manor anymore, it's going to be another tract that is
invented by this Council. I suggest you call it Lerner Land, because it will be
completely organized around what will make this pass. We have significant
restrictions, the special flood zones and the very small lots. This is my
house. This house was built to accommodate our four children, all of them
boys. At one time, we had over 600 pounds of boys in our house when we
had a 12 year old, a 14 year old, a 16 year old and an 18 year old boy, all
living in our house. There is no way that we could have fit them into the
three-bedroom, two-bath house that we originally got. Here it shows the
current value of a home in Royal Manor with three bedrooms and two baths.
This is taken off of Zillow last week. The original house is now worth $2.2
million.    The current value of our house for five bedrooms and four
bathrooms is $3.3 million. The increase in total value is $1.1 million. This is
an actual fact; this is my house. I know about it. I will tell you that I am
not ready to donate $1.1 million to the cause of architectural uniformity. If
you want to spend $1 million on architectural uniformity, good for you. You
can throw your money in the street, rake it into a pile, and light it on fire as
far as I'm concerned. I don't think architectural uniformity is a reason to do
anything. Here's an example of a one-story house that was built. This is an
example of a house that will not bring happiness to people who are in favor
of all Eichler-ness. This is total possible under the SSO guideline. The SSO
will not bring the privacy people hope, because our homes are so near sea
level. We have to be 10 feet above sea level. In my house, that means that
if we rebuild it as a single-story home, we would be in the position of having
                                                                          Page 70 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
