                          TRANSCRIPT
programs that we have, the educational offerings we have for youth, etc.
They both wanted to comment on that, and we'll close.

Mr. Watson: I'll just jump back on, and then hand this off to Randy for the
real close. You heard me give some examples of some other cities. It's true
that Palo Alto has so much going for it that so many other cities just don't
have the same set of assets, the same sort of leadership that you have. I
think it's interesting to note that you have chosen over the period of time
not to go a little deeper with public support. You do it in all kinds of ways.
You have City-owned facilities. You subsidize artist studios. You care deeply
about the arts, and you show that through your public art and other things.
I would challenge you, though, to look at what some of the other cities are
doing in not necessarily huge ways. In fact, you can put your foot in
modestly and grow it over time. Just as you invest in social service
agencies, the question is how could you invest more in your nonprofit sector.
It's one thing that I think Randy and I noted that as progressive and as
exciting. this arts community exists here because of your support. You're
big enough, you care enough about this, you do it in other ways. What
would it take to do more public investment directly to your nonprofit sector?
We've found it's not the size of the grant, it's the imprimatur of support that
then they can leverage into other funding from other sources. It's a way to
say not only does the National Endowment care about us, not only does the
California Arts Council care about us, but our local city sees the quality and
invests in us.

Mr. Cohen: Actually that was a great wrap. I don't have much add to that.
I completely endorse that. I would just actually augment and say that direct
investment—nationally we see more than half of the nation's cities providing
direct support to arts organizations and to artists as well. That's sort of the
one piece I'd add to that. When you make that direct investment in your
arts organizations, in your artists, that's when you see not just the cultural
benefits, but really that great ripple throughout the community of how the
arts are improving our lives socially, educationally, economically. That's
where the benefits are. I want to echo that there's just so much going on
here. This is a city, and your leadership is really something of great envy.
Everything you do to advance the arts is important. You're all important for
doing it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you very much for joining us. It was very informative.




                                                                        Page 15 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
