                         TRANSCRIPT
circumstances. Quite respectfully, I would request the adequacy of both the
CEQA findings and the Record Land Use decision. It's like much of the
testimony before both the PTC and the ARB is omitted. On a technical issue,
several of the things that normally would be in a Staff Packet weren't
available online at least at 7:00 P.M. when I checked it. They are things
upon which a decision is normally based. They should have been available
to the public 72 hours before. I am very curious about this 1885 document
that somehow legalizes the parcel. It should have been made available to
the public.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Doria Summa.
Welcome.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. You've
already heard of many problems with this project. There's excess traffic,
Sand Hill's track record of not meeting commitments, newly discovered
pollutants and an inappropriate claim of grandfathering. I'm going to talk
about the Subdivision Map Act issue. The 1998 parcel split that created the
grandfathering problem was not approved by the City as you've heard. It
actually was illegal. The State Subdivision Map Act requires that each local
agency regulate and control subdivisions for which this division requires a
tentative and final or parcel map. Stanford is claiming an exemption. This
is the exemption they're using. It says that you're exempt when you finance
or lease any parcel of land or any portion thereof if it's in conjunction with
the construction of commercial or industrial buildings on a single parcel.
Stanford hired an attorney who actually went ahead and explained what this
meant. In her letter, which is in your Staff Report, she writes that the
Subdivision Map Act by its express terms does not add another layer of
review to the process. What she's implying is that there is supposed to be
one layer of review, but there never was. The Staff has confirmed that it
never happened. In the Staff Report for the ARB, it says that in 1999 they
came for a preliminary review, the parcel had already been split. The City
never had an opportunity to review it. It would have found it to be illegal.
Violation of the Map Act is actually a pretty serious matter. It's up to one
year in prison. I don't know who Stanford plans to send there. It's up to
$10,000 in fine. It means that the parcel split in 1998 is invalid; it never
happened. There is no split; it's one still leasehold or parcel. The EIR and
the Staff Report have been using the wrong property description. It can be
solved.    Stanford should propose how it will bring things back into
compliance with the City laws. Stanford has also hinted that this is not the
only time this has occurred, and there are others in the Research Park. I
think the City Attorney should come back and report on what these other
violations are. Finally, we keep hearing from Staff that there is some secret
agreement that has been discussed over the years that allows Stanford to
                                                                        Page 55 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
