                          TRANSCRIPT
have here in town. We have a very significant fire alarm problem. We've
identified an option. Instead of sending a three-person fire engine to a fire
alarm, the low-risk fire alarms, we would send one fire inspector in a pickup
truck during the daylight hours, because 99.99 percent of these alarms are
false, unwanted or unwarranted. We would like to keep some sworn
positions to do that, because that frees up our apparatus to run higher
acuity calls. There's lots of different pieces at play here. I guess if you were
to pin me down, red, green or yellow, I'd probably say yellow right now.
This is probably something that we can accomplish not in the next 12
months. As people retire in 12-24 months, that would be the opportunity to
replace those with non-sworn positions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just briefly. In my mind, there's a difference between
actually replacing those people as they retire and having the policy in place
so everyone knows that's where it moves to. How soon do you think you'll
be able to get that in place?

Mr. Nickel: There's clearly meet-and-confer issues there and things that we
need to work through with our union. Probably 12-24 months is realistic.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Fair enough. I think that's a realistic number. Thanks.

Mr. Keene:      Mr. Mayor, if I could just put in perspective the Council
priorities. That doesn't always mean that what's listed in the Council
priorities is the most important thing going on in that area. For example,
already this year and continuing, you could say for the Fire Chief that labor
negotiations with the firefighters union that we concluded and the ongoing
negotiations over the Stanford Fire Services contract is one of the bigger
things that we've got going on. That's in the ELT work plan. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: If we're done with Fire, I think the Police Chief was
here. Do you think he's left?

Mayor Burt: I want to wrap up Fire.       Thanks Chief.    Are you saying you
wanted to go into Public Safety?

Council Member DuBois: He was here, but I think we're done. I think he's
left anyway. I didn't think we had any issues for him.

Mayor Burt: Let me just ... What page? Are there items?

Council Member DuBois: No.


                                                                         Page 42 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
