                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: We're anticipating that we would need to bring either a half-time
or full-time person in next Fiscal Year. The system would roll out ideally in
June of 2017, and then we could have a Staff person in place shortly
thereafter.

Council Member DuBois: When you talk about Ford as the sponsor, are they
basically paying a lot of that advertising revenue? Is that what you mean by
sponsor?

Mr. Mello: They're supporting the operations. They're filing that gap that's
typically filled by public funds.

Council Member DuBois: Are they the title sponsor then, it'll say Ford?

Mr. Mello: They're the title sponsor for the greater Bay Area Bike Share
System. It has not been confirmed yet whether they will be the title sponsor
for the Palo Alto system. In all likelihood, I would be surprised if they didn't
sponsor the entire Bay Area system.

Council Member DuBois:    Basically the millions of dollars that Council
Member Schmid was talking about is covered by that advertising revenue it
sounds like.

Mr. Mello: If we didn't have a title sponsor and we wanted to break out on
our own and create our own system, City Staff would have to serve as kind
of a rep and try to secure a sponsor to cover our operating costs. With this
arrangement, Ford is covering it through Motivate.

Council Member DuBois: It's not really free; it's just paid by ad revenue
that we don't get. Motivate is taking that ad revenue.

Mr. Mello:   Yeah, essentially, by sponsoring the system it's one big
advertisement. It could be akin to ad revenue.

Council Member DuBois: You touched on this. Did we attempt to negotiate
for any of that ad revenue when we go above the 350 limit?

Mr. Mello: The $100 per bike per month is a really good deal. If we were to
break out on our own and secure a sponsor, we would likely be responsible
for more than $100 per bike per month. The comparables are in the study
that was attached to the April 25th Staff Report. That looks at other
systems and what the cities are putting in and what they have secured from
sponsorships. We've done a check to see whether it would make more
sense for us to go out on our own and actually take in the ad revenue and


                                                                         Page 91 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
