                         TRANSCRIPT
start making up fees based on profitability. I don't think we've done that
with other people in terms of in-lieu fees. There are two exceptions. I think
one lot at 5,000 square feet and one that's 5,682. I think we are being
responsive to the neighborhood and to the residents. I think we have been
responsive in the past, and I hope we'll continue to be responsive. I don't
think we should minimize—I think it's extremely rare that we have a
developer and a petition from citizens and a whole bunch of people show up
two nights to say they support a development. I haven't seen that since I've
been on Council. I haven't seen it before I was on Council. I really don't
think we should underestimate that. I do want to thank Golden Gate Homes
for the process and reaching out and working with the neighbors. I think it
was very positive. I'd love to see more projects do this. I'd like to go ahead
and move that we approve the Mitigated Negative Declaration and the tract
map.

Mayor Burt: You want to be clear on your Motion?

Council Member DuBois: Just move the Staff recommendation.

Mayor Burt: Is there a second?

Council Member Filseth: (crosstalk)

Council Member Berman: Filseth.

MOTION:       Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to:

A.    Adopt a Mitigated Negative Declaration; and

B.    Approve a Record of Land Use Action, including the Mitigation
      Monitoring and Reporting Program, for the Tentative Tract Map and
      related lot size exceptions based on findings and conditions of approval
      included in the Staff Report.

Mayor Burt: You want to speak to your Motion further?

Council Member DuBois: No, I think I just did.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth, you want to speak to the second?

Council Member Filseth: No.

Mayor Burt: I don't see a lot of lights, so I'll just—there we go.       Council
Member Kniss.

                                                                          Page 7 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
