                          TRANSCRIPT
because of these bike paths. I never get in my car, and it's a wonderful way
to live life. I wish more people could experience that. It's projects like this
that make it possible. I just wanted to support it. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Penny Ellson to be followed by Ken Joye.

Penny Ellson: Good evening. I'm Penny Ellson, and I'm here tonight with
Sonya Bradski, who is traffic safety rep at Jane Lathrop Stanford (JLS)
Middle School. Also as an avid bicycler in Palo Alto. Please do not delay
implementing the bike network envisioned in the 2012 Bike Pedestrian
Transportation Plan. These improvements that you're considering tonight
come at a time when they are very badly needed. The upturn in the
economy has brought new jobs—that's great—but also thousands of new car
trips into the community. A large percentage of these trips converge with
school commute traffic, making routes less comfortable for students and
their concerned parents, while bike facility improvements have not kept pace
with the needs of increased numbers of bicyclists and the new safety
impacts from growing additional car volumes Citywide. Our 2012 Bike Ped
Plan contains many projects that were in the 2003 Bike Plan, but were never
implemented.      In fact, less than 10 percent of the 2012 Bike Ped
Transportation Plan has been implemented to date. We know that each time
we've improved bike facilities, especially in school route areas, we've drawn
greater numbers of bicyclists. Tonight, you can approve solid steps toward
rolling out Palo Alto's future bike network. Let's implement the long-awaited
safety improvements families have been calling for. Mode shift will follow;
we know that; it always has. Let's get this show on the road, so to speak, to
provide needed improvements for safety and comfort that will draw more
people to choose active, healthy and sustainable commutes more often.
Please support Staff's recommendation.           Thank you very much for
considering my comments.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Ken Joye to be followed by Alex Thompson.

Ken Joye: I'd like to thank you and previous Council Members going back to
Ellen Fletcher for your support of our bicycle infrastructure. I live in the
Ventura neighborhood. My children rode their bikes to Palo Alto Unified
School District (PAUSD) schools. My wife commutes via bike to her job. I
ride to the library, the grocery store and meetings like this on my bike. I
ask you to approve the matters before you tonight, to support Goal T-1 of
the Comp Plan. Thank you for listening.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.     Alex Thompson to be followed by Neilson
Buchanan.


                                                                        Page 37 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
