                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: You're not saying anybody (inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member DuBois:     You're not proposing that anybody covers those
fees?

Mayor Burt: Yeah. If we're discounting it for the Appellant and saying they
don't have to cover it. We had this discussion at a policy level, that we
didn't want it to be onerous for an Appellant. We wanted to be able to
appeal something. The City would have to absorb that difference if they
successfully ...

Council Member Kniss: All right.

Mayor Burt: In this case, if the Appellant fails, then the City would absorb
the difference. If the Appellant prevails, the Applicant would absorb the
difference.

Council Member DuBois: I almost want to make it proportional to the voting
on the Council. Because this happens not that often, I'll accept that
Amendment.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “if an Appeal by a third
party fails, the Applicant is not obligated to pay additional fees.” (New Part
F)

Mayor Burt: I think I need to add clarification. If an appeal by a third party
fails, the applicant is not obligated to pay the additional fees. I guess, by
implication, that means that if the appeal by the third party prevailed, the
Applicant would still pay those fees.

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Mayor Burt: Then we have another circumstance, if the Applicant appeals. I
would also propose that—this is the second one.

Council Member DuBois: If you're going where I think you're going, I'm not
sure you need to say anything.

Mayor Burt: Perhaps. I was going to say if an Applicant appeals and
prevails, then they would not pay the full cost recovery. It means basically
we screwed up if they appealed and we said they were right. That's the
other circumstance.

                                                                        Page 31 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
