                          TRANSCRIPT
participate in that, unlike existing Downtown workers. Very aggressive
Transportation Demand Management programs that would basically reduce
the core use at a site may be something that would be allowed less parking,
provided that it can't spill over and impact anyone else. Depending on
where the Council progresses in those concepts in the coming months,
perhaps we'll see an alternative that would allow the existing building to stay
in place and something that might be more economical of having some
residential, which frankly would potentially not only address the housing
need, but might be able to have something attractive facing the
neighborhoods rather than a parking lot. Those are just my initial thoughts,
but they're premature because we haven't made those changes at either a
high level as programs and policies nor to our Zoning Code. They don't exist
today yet, but they may be on the horizon. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Some questions for Staff just to understand the
context here. I saw a question from Council Member Wolbach about this
property is in the Downtown cap, but I understand it's not in the annual cap.
Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Council Member DuBois. That's
correct. This property is within the area that we've been monitoring since
the Downtown cap was created, but it is not within the area that was defined
in the interim ordinance establishing a temporary or an interim cap on
nonresidential square footage in Downtown, California Avenue (Cal. Ave.),
and the El Camino corridor. That's not to say, with a legislative action like
this would be, that you couldn't add it to that area.

Council Member DuBois: Where is that boundary for the annual cap? Across
the street?

Ms. Gitelman: It's immediately adjacent to this site.      It followed the CD
zone rather than going outside the CD-C zone.

Council Member DuBois: There's a little bit of a past history. Is there a
reason we had different areas, we didn't use the monitoring area?

Ms. Gitelman: I don't recall exactly how we did it. I know that when we did
the interim ordinance, we were trying to define an area that was not defined
anywhere else. We followed the CD zone; in retrospect, we could have
taken a different tack at it, but we didn't.

Council Member DuBois: I think you answered the question, but what would
need to be done to adjust the boundary for this annual cap?


                                                                         Page 9 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
