                          TRANSCRIPT
A.    Proposing a monthly Storm Water Management Fee of $13.65 per
      Equivalent Residential Unit (ERU) to replace the existing storm
      drainage fee of $13.03 per ERU; and

B.    Calling a public hearing for October 24, 2016 with respect to such fee;
      and

C.    Adopting procedures relating to the conduct of a protest hearing and a
      mail ballot election in conformance with Proposition 218; and

D.    Adopting a categorical exemption under Section 15061(b)(3) of the
      California Environmental Quality Act Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: That's a Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council
Member Berman. Do we have that available to place on the screen? Vice
Mayor Scharff, would you like to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, I would. I appreciate all the really hard work of
the Committee on this, and Staff on this. This is obviously something we
need to do. I think it's really important for the City that it gets done. I also
was disappointed to see the change between operating expenses and capital
costs. To be honest, I had a concern that it'll get worse. As we move
forward on this, operating costs could go up more, and we could actually
then have less money to spend on capital costs. I did want to ask the
question of how confident you were on your projections for 2018 and
beyond? This goes on for a while. What numbers are you using as an
inflator?

Mr. Bobel: We're using three percent. I think we all share the concern that
certain costs are rising even at a greater rate than three percent. We might
face that problem. We've tried to be conservative in the capital cost
estimating so that hopefully those dollars will go just as far if not further
than what we've estimated.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I don't have anything to add.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. Please vote on the board. That passes
unanimously on a 9-0 vote. Thank you all very much. Thank you to
members of the advisory committee for all of your great work.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

                                                                          Page 18 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
