                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Invoking that is going to be at the discretion of
Staff, the Planning Department?

Ms. Stump:      It's at the discretion of your City officials applying the
Ordinance that you adopted in the Edgewood PC case. In a general matter,
this Code section sets out the amount. It's designed specifically to be self-
executing to allow the Staff to execute it on a Staff-level.

Council Member Filseth: Basically I'm going to support this. Again as has
been said, this exposes some of the weaknesses of the PC process and these
kinds of applications. Other than that, I concur completely with the maker
of the Motion. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I'll just add I've been trying to think through the impacts of
these fees. On the one hand, even the $2,000 a day may be a fee that
would exceed the lease income that Sand Hill is receiving. I don't know
what the rate is. Nineteen thousand square feet, I'm guessing in the $3 or
$4 a square foot range, but that's just my best guess. If you have a fee of
$5,000 a day, that's $150,000 per month in fees versus what might be
$60,000 or $70,000 a month in lease they're getting. In the short term, it
looks like an overwhelming incentive for them to figure out how to let the
current leaseholder out of the deal or subsidize a new deal or whatever it
takes. I realize that the property owner only has to pay that fee as long as
the vacancy is there. They have a 10-year lease, seven years remaining or
whatever. They're weighing the short-term penalty against the locked-in
long-term income they have from the current leaseholder. That's what's
persuaded me to really need the ability to have a pretty onerous fee. This is
not a small amount.          Even the $2,000 would probably be in the
neighborhood of the total amount of the lease income they're receiving, but
it needs to be greater than that to actually get them to weigh the short-term
penalty versus the long-term income that they're getting from a locked-in
lease on an empty space. That's what finally persuaded. I just want to put
that on the table, because we're all kind of struggling with why haven't our
current fees caused the outcome that we hoped they would and what fees
would it take to do it. That's my best speculation. Since we all want a
grocery store there, one of the things that—this is not on the Fee Schedule,
but I'll just briefly state it. One of the speakers spoke about this is a
freeway exit. A number of years ago I identified this as one of the few
stores immediately off the freeway of a grocery store between San Francisco
and San Jose. We don't have any signage that tells drivers that you can get
off and shop and get back on and go home. If we really want a store to be
successful, and if we're willing to accept some traffic that is shoppers getting
off the freeway to help support a store so that it'll be vital, we as a
community may want to look at whether we will facilitate better signage
                                                                          Page 46 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
