                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Martin, would like to go ahead and speak first, and then have
Beth follow?

Public Hearing opened at 10:05 P.M.

Martin Bernstein, Historic Resources Board Chair: Thank you, Mayor Burt
and Council and Staff and members of the public. I just want to give a—
you've heard much of the history of Professorville already. I'm going to give
a little follow-up from the history you've heard so far. In 1971, the
American Association of University Women produced this book called Gone
Tomorrow. It talks about Professorville, shows examples. Council Member
Kniss is maybe familiar with this booklet from 1971. In 1980, the City
Council took action and then adopted the Preservation Ordinance that you
are familiar with. Also in that year, the HRB was formed. Two of the first
HRB Members were Birge Clark and Gail Woolley. In 1987, the City Council
took action again and adopted the Secretary of the Interior Standards for
Rehabilitation, which you're making reference to tonight. Today, 2016, 36
years later, after the formation of the Historic Preservation Ordinance, we
are finally looking to take action on Design Guidelines for Professorville. The
HRB has voted unanimously to recommend to the City Council to adopt
these Guidelines. They certainly are a valuable resource to homeowners in
Professorville, potential homebuyers in Professorville and real estate
professionals involved in potential transactions in Professorville. You also
received comments from Mr. Akins. Speaking now as an individual and not
as Chair of the HRB, I'm former Chair of that committee. The committee
was called the Professorville Design Guidelines Committee.            On that
committee were homeowners in Professorville, architects and two HRB
Members. The proposal that came out of that committee meeting included
ways to simplify the process of evaluating historic properties. During those
committee meetings, some of the proposals we were suggesting actually
required some Ordinance changes. The direction that we've gotten from the
Professorville Design Guideline Committee during that time was that
anything that creates an Ordinance was not a direction we were encouraged
to continue with. One of the examples that came up during that time,
however, was to add a little more teeth to an Ordinance. I learned that
phrase from Council Member Kniss, also about 25, 30 years ago. If an
Ordinance referring to historic properties, for example, included which is part
of now the Individual Review process one-story structures. Right now, in
Professorville if a lot is demolished, there can be a brand new, one-story
house in Professorville with nor review. It's ministerial, just go right for
permit. There was no requirement for that project to meet any specific
requirements. It's voluntary compliance. Another example that came up
during that committee session, which again would require an Ordinance
change, was redefining historic categories.        Right now there are four
                                                                        Page 65 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
