                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item tonight is Agenda Changes, Additions and
Deletions. We have none that I'm aware of.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We will move on to Oral Communications. We have a large
volume of speakers tonight. Each speaker will have two minutes to speak.
Our first speaker is Jasmina Bojic. Welcome.

Jasmina Bojic: Thank you so much. I just would like to once again invite all
of you to the United Nations Association Film Festival. This is exactly what I
am just now pleading for the people in our community and also the City
Council of Palo Alto to join us for the nineteenth United Nations Association
Film Festival, which is going to happen from October 20th to October 30th.
This is the only film festival in Palo Alto that we have for the last 19 years.
We invite also our Mayor to open the film festival on October 20th in
Aquarius Theater Palo Alto. Obviously, all the members of the Council as
well. This is one of the rare opportunity to see the documentaries from all
over the world. We're going to have in our community 60 documentary
filmmakers presenting the films from almost 80 countries. Please join us.
Particularly that you are going to be just two weeks before the elections,
some of the films are dealing also with that. We do have a film, "I Voted,"
films about Syria, films about Middle East and obviously a lot of films about
our country. My name is Jasmina Bojic. I'm the founder and director of the
film festival and longtime teacher at Stanford. It's one of the rare bridges
between the community Stanford University as well as East Palo Alto. I
want to thank the City and all the members of the City Council for giving us
this wonderful support for so many years. Thank you, and you're all invited
to join us, our audience, our Palo Alto people. Please do join us and talk
with the filmmakers from October 20th to October 30th. Thank you so
much. Thank you so much also for the Proclamation from the Mayor. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Could you ask ...

Mayor Burt: Jasmina?


                                                                         Page 5 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
