                         TRANSCRIPT
Crescent Park and then Edgewood Plaza. Second, PTC passed a Motion 4-1
that the City Council should direct Staff or the PTC to set a standard for
which to evaluate parking capacity and utilization goals.       Based on
comments from the PTC, the goal of the RPP programs is unknown. We
don't know if we want empty streets or if want to be able to have two or
three parking spaces available per block.        That concludes the Staff
presentation. We welcome your questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can have an opportunity for Council to ask
technical questions. Given the hour and the number of speakers, I'd
encourage colleagues to be succinct. Does anyone have any technical
questions for Staff at this time? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:      Two quick questions.    What's going on at
Edgewood Plaza? We don't have a store there. It's completely full during
the day. We need to figure out what's happening. Who's parking at
Edgewood Plaza and on the streets around Edgewood Plaza?

Ms. Atkinson: We haven't undertaken data collection near Edgewood Plaza
yet, and we would if directed to move forward with a parking program in
that area. Colloquially, I visited just before the PTC meeting, and there was
sufficient parking on the neighborhood streets. I ...

Council Member DuBois: I mean the parking lot itself.       There's no store
there, but it seems 100 percent parked.

Ms. Atkinson: There were quite a few empty spaces in the parking lot also.

Council Member DuBois: The other question is—looking at these high-level
financials on packet page 886, you're including the capital costs. That's the
total capital cost, right? For the signs and ...

Ms. Atkinson: Right. That's based on our experience in the Downtown RPP
district with signage and materials.

Council Member DuBois: If I look at Figure 1, Downtown RPP, now that
we've bought the signs, we should be highly profitable next year, like
$225,000 revenue.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: I just want to make sure that
you're looking at the at-places memo. That table has been replaced by the
one in the at-places memo.

Council Member DuBois: I did see that. I'm looking at the Downtown RPP
part. We lost money this year, but we paid for all the signs. Next year ...

                                                                      Page 69 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
