                         TRANSCRIPT
you've identified. I was just trying to respond to that particular issue. If
you pull those boundaries out, then this specific (i) and (ii) would apply
Citywide, which is fine because it does apply Citywide relative to the
context-based criteria. Again, it's referenced in Finding 1.

Council Member DuBois: It seems equivalent to me.

Mr. Lait: Whether you keep the Downtown Business District and Cal. Ave.
Business District in or out is fine. It's just that there's going to be more
work. Again, that's okay. We're not shying away from more work. We
embarked on this effort to reduce the 16 findings into something that we can
focus our energy and effort on.

Council Member DuBois: We've gotten pretty far with six. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We do not have any speaker cards from members of the public.
We will now return to the Council for any discussion and a Motion.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 8:28 P.M.

Mr. Lait: Mayor Burt, Amy just gave me some important information for
Council Member DuBois' comments. If you removed it, those references, it
would apply to some of our other areas where we do not have context-based
criteria, such as in the GM and RP, the Research Park areas. There was a
discussion at the last Council meeting about "maybe we don't want to have
that standard apply in those areas as well."

Mayor Burt: Did you have your light on again? Yes, go ahead.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted to say I spent some time in
Downtown Los Altos this weekend. It was kind of striking. A lot of the
charm, I think, and variety of retail, I think, comes from that pattern of
storefronts they have there. It just kind of underlined for me the value of
maybe calling this out. Council Member Scharff highlighted that you guys
called this out as redundant. I definitely wanted to talk about that. I think
it's okay and somewhat desirable to have a little redundancy just to
emphasize and highlight the importance of this item. I would like to
understand. It doesn't seem like you'd actually do the work twice; you'd
just do it once. We've seen these compatibility requirements—I won't say
ignored but subject to interpretation of whoever is on the ARB. I think
calling it out in the findings that have to be made makes it a priority. I'm
definitely in favor of keeping the language here. The second issue is the
boundary areas. I guess I'm open to hear what my colleagues have to say
about either going with the Business District areas, the shaded portions on

                                                                        Page 45 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
