                         TRANSCRIPT
in just the way you describe it. What are we doing to serve our aging
population?    There are some wonderful examples though. There's an
organization called EngAGE. What EngAGE has done is develop in at least
five or six California cities senior housing that has as its central feature a
dramatic arts programming, so that every day a senior wakes up in those
centers, they have a rich selection of art classes they can choose from in
theater, music, dance, the visual arts. No surprise the evidence of those
centers is that those seniors are using less medication, less visits to the
doctor. They report much greater levels of happiness. All the things that
are sort of a no-brainer, and yet we have not invested in. There are real
world examples right now where cities are collaborating to serve our senior
population in a very concentrated, powerful way.

Mr. Watson: I'm just analyzing some data now in a national public opinion
and engagement survey with the public. One of the questions was we asked
about people's considerations in—the importance of arts and culture when
relocating for jobs especially. We did see among the younger cohort a much
higher consideration and value of the arts. We hear this a lot about—of
course, I imagine around here too—workers in the new economy picking the
communities that they want to live in, moving there because then they
figure they'll find work. Very different than when I came up. Go to whoever
would have me. In terms of actual dollars, though, in audience spending
pieces, certainly the tourism research shows that older Americans stay in
place longer, probably spend a little bit more because I imagine they have a
little more disposable income. Younger cohorts are certainly very engaged
in arts and culture and spending plenty of money too.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you guys very much for the presentation
and for all the work you do. While I was growing up here in Palo Alto, my
mom owned an art gallery Downtown. Even though I didn't inherit any skills
or artistic talents, it's clear the impact that growing up around the arts has
on your kind of disposition, I guess, for lack of a better word. Anyhow,
we've had some projects in Palo Alto, some developments, including at least
one affordable housing development, that generated some community
backlash due to the lack of kind of artistic—artistic isn't the right word—the
ugliness of the building, for lack of a better word. One thing that I've always
been curious about is how can we utilize art to kind of just make that—one is
on Alma. It's right across from the Caltrain tracks. It's built in a way to
minimize the noise from Caltrain, and so it serves that purpose. It means
that it's pretty much a big wall with a couple of small windows. From what
you guys have seen in other communities around the country, are there any
examples that we should be looking at or good examples that you guys have
                                                                        Page 11 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
