                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: No concerns.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     Given that, I will move the Staff-recommended
language with the exception that we will have our 5 instead of the new
Finding 5 as the language in 5, and that we will drop the term local because
no one seems to articulate why we have the term local in Finding Number 2.

Mayor Burt: I will second that.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to adopt an
Ordinance modifying the Architectural Review Approval Findings including
the following changes:

A.    Replace Finding Number 5 with the April 11, 2016 Council directed
      language for Finding Number 5, “the landscape design complements
      and enhances the building design and its surroundings, is appropriate
      to the site’s functions and utilizes, to the extent practical, indigenous
      drought-resistant plant material capable of providing desirable habitat
      and that can be appropriately maintained;” and

B.    Remove from Finding Number 2(b), “local.”

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak to your Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just very briefly. It's late. I actually do think that on
the whole you did a good job bringing this through and vetting it like we
asked you to and raising concerns. I think with these changes we have good
ARB Findings. I'm feeling good about all of them.

Mayor Burt: I'd like to just request one additional wording to help clarify the
intent on Number 5, because indigenous could be interpreted as State
indigenous, just to say regionally indigenous.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm good with that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part A, “adding ‘regional’
after ‘to the extent practical.’”

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Appreciate the Motion, thank you. I have one
question for Staff about the existing on Packet Page 305. 2d, why was the
word mass lost? It was size, scale, mass and character. Scale and size may
be the same thing. Why was mass lost? That does have a meaning.

                                                                        Page 98 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/12/16
