                          TRANSCRIPT
Congratulations on finally getting to the point where we had the funding for
the creek. I remember sitting in Washington with a variety of different
people over 3-4 years thinking we were getting started, and then being
afraid the money would disappear before it finally came about. Karen, I
would echo what you said.         A $4.5 million investment has made an
enormous difference in the ground floor. I haven't spent a lot of time on the
next floor up. The fact that we now have easy places to meet for our
Committee meetings and also for the community as a whole to meet has
made such a difference. Now, that we have furniture in the lobby, we look
like a really grown-up City, which is a pleasure. It's so much easier to move
around. As Karen mentioned, it's so good to have a far easier system for
the public to follow along with what we're doing. I would remind us that
$4.5 million would have bought us just a modest home in Palo Alto.
Instead, we did a good deal of fix-up here at City Hall. I think water will
continue to be an issue for us, just the use of water. I still feel troubled that
the Governor felt he could take the restrictions off. I'm certainly aware why.
When your water companies are complaining they're not making money, you
take the restrictions off. I hope we will watch that carefully. We've been
lucky so far. Our rainfall is good at the moment, but that's a long-term
problem. There are lots of us on the this planet, and we have a great many
needs. Water is certainly at the very head of the start. Thank you,
Mr. Mayor, for giving us this opportunity to say something. As it's our last
meeting, best of luck.

Mayor Burt: Best of luck to you. Anyone else like to wade in? If not, we
can go ahead and move onto our next items.

Special Orders of the Day

2.    This item has been removed and will not be heard.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Agenda Item Number 8- 450 Bryant Street [16PLN-92] … removed from the
Agenda due to the withdrawal of the Appeal by the Appellant.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Special Order of the Day, which has been
removed from the Agenda. That is the only Agenda Change, Addition or
Deletion that I'm aware of.    We can now move onto City Manager
Comments.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, just quickly. The way it's written here
and based on comments, it looks like we decided not to do that, for Number
2, the special recognition. It's just going to be heard at another time

                                                                            Page 8 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
