                          TRANSCRIPT
something that would have a better chance of support than what's before
us.

Mr. Zirkle: The red rectangle here, it's a little tough to see on the screen.
The existing office building occupies a little less than half of the upper
portion of this site along Hamilton. For practical purposes, going through
and adding the kinds of parking that would be required to support any new
development logistically and feasibly is pretty challenging just in terms of
the end result and the impact on the existing building, but also just the
amount of housing we could even get out of it, if that makes sense. I hear
what you're saying about the kind of philosophical underpinnings about
curtailing office development for sure. I think one of the things we had
talked about internally, among many alternatives and ideas, is one way in
which we could perceive or have the office building be perceived is that
effectively what we're doing is we're cutting it in half in terms of how it's
perceived on Hamilton. The site, which is pretty long, one of the longest in
Downtown, is no longer a complete office building on Hamilton; it's about
half. Just as a quick point of clarification, the office building is actually
lower. That's the lower 40s, and the residential is the upper 40s. That's
dependent on construction type. The three-story office building, because of
the way that it's designed and because of the impact of that 17-foot setback
that's called for in a CD-C(P) mindset, pulls it back from the street a fair bit
and it also sort of shrinks it in perception. While there is an increase in
overall office, a small increase of 13,000, 14,000, something like that, it's
not up to me to debate small versus large. I understand that this is an issue
for the Council to discuss. This is profoundly on two sides viewed as a
residential development as opposed to a fully commercial office
development. Then we get into the nitty-gritty of what it looks like and how
it's scaled and how it addresses the neighborhood, which (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Let me stay focused on some of my questions. I appreciate
that there are ways in which the design of a new building might be more
favorable in some ways than what we have today. Nevertheless, if we're
looking at, say, an increase of 14,000 square feet, if we use our standard
assumption of four occupants per 1,000, then that's adding 56 office
occupants which comes fairly close to offsetting the additional housing. We
don't really gain much in our jobs/housing imbalance; we just add more
office and more housing. I also appreciate that under the current zoning
and the parking requirements that we have traditionally had, that drives a
lot of the economics of the project. We'll see out of our discussion tonight
and in the coming weeks—now that we have Residential Permit Parking
imposed in the surrounding areas—we have the possibility of not allowing
parking overflow from new development and potentially not allowing
residential parking permits to be—that new development not being able to
                                                                          Page 8 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
