                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Correct. When I came to you in April, I told you the SoBi system
cost $1 million, if you look back at the Staff Report in April. That's what
we're bringing to you tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We did look at whether or not it made more sense
financially to spend the $2 million now and have them pay the operating
costs for the entire system of 700 bikes. You get a bigger, faster network
effect and do that.

Mr. Mello: They only offer it to operate 510 bicycles, and that was with their
current equipment. One of our negotiating points was that we wanted the
SoBi equipment. They went out on a limb and made us that offer, because
currently they don't operate systems with two different types of equipment
anywhere in their network. This would be the first.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I know you put a lot of effort into it. It
actually seems fairly well thought out. I actually appreciate all the hard
work you put into this. One other point I had that Tom didn't mention that I
was a little concerned about. We're going to spend $1 million roughly. We
have five years. If for some reason they don't want to continue moving
forward after 5fiveyears, where does that leave us? I was concerned about
us not having the ability to say we want to continue this process after five
years. What that means if they don't want to continue it.

Mr. Mello: Assuming the bikes are still operable and can be used, we could
operate the system ourselves or find another operator.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    Without their support, that's probably not going to
work.

Mr. Mello: We would need to find some way to cover the operating costs
that would be added.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm really just asking you if you want to look at it in
negotiations and see if you can come up with something that limits our risk
on that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll be supporting the Motion. I do have a couple
of questions and a couple of concerns. At this point, I want to be really
clear. This isn't a contract that we're approving tonight. The contract is not
a done deal, just because we're saying we're okay with moving forward with
negotiating a contract doesn't mean we're going to support it when it comes
back. We still have that option. I'm going to be looking for some things in
                                                                       Page 98 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
