                         TRANSCRIPT
Palo Alto and the history in Palo Alto. I want to encourage the Council to
move forward not only with this document but actually to encourage all Palo
Alto residents who have historic properties to think of them as part of our
heritage and the value of our community. Losing our history is a loss for all
of us. This is, I think, the first step in avoiding that problem. I encourage
you to move this forward and pass this. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Robert Moss to be followed by Marian Sofaer.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I've been
thinking about this for a while, and I was going to write you. I thought I'd
just make some comments. I took the Palo Alto Historical Association tour
of Professorville a couple of Sundays ago, and it was quite interesting.
There are still a number of buildings that date from the 1890s and 1900s
and have barely been modified. There are also, of course, a lot of much
newer buildings. In many cases, the modifications and new buildings are
done thoughtfully, and they kind of blend in. There are some that are pretty
glaring and don't fit the neighborhood at all. Right now, what we have are
Guidelines, and it's just suggesting that people do things or not do things
that they want to ignore if they can ignore it. There are going to be people
who just ignore it. Professorville is a very interesting and very historic
District. I think it's important that we try to preserve the quality of the
design and construction we have there. I'd like to suggest that we consider
taking some actions that would be more than just guidelines, but actually
requirements. I think you ought to convene an organization that consists of
the Architectural Review Board, Historic Resources Board and the
neighborhood association that oversees Professorville. Get them together
and talk about—also, of course, people that live there can put in their
comments as well. Get them talking about what they do and don't like
about the Guidelines and the way the District is or is not being preserved
and try to come up with more than just guidelines but requirements that
would have to be met in order to preserve the historic integrity of that area.
We don't have too many historic districts in Palo Alto. I think they are
important to retain and to maintain their historic vitality. I would suggest
that we seriously consider setting up this study group and try to come up
with a reasonable procedure for retaining the integrity of the quality of the
design and construction of Professorville and the buildings that are there
now.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Marian Sofaer to be followed by Martin Bernstein.

Marian Sofaer: Good evening. My name is Marian Sofaer. I live at 1200
Bryant Street. We have construction on both sides. At 1250 Bryant, there's
a house that basically has been a blight on the neighborhood for the 20

                                                                       Page 56 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
