                          TRANSCRIPT
policies here, L-44, L-48, Goal B-1, Policy L-42 and Policy L-43, which all
meet the comprehensive objectives. I didn't hear a single person come to
Council tonight and say it is not compliant with the Comprehensive Plan. I
think we've dealt with the issues of is it compliant with the Comprehensive
Plan and is it complying with the existing zoning. The other thing I think is
really important here is the parking and traffic issue. If I could do it again, I
would like us to have looked at the TDM plan and said, with the TDM plan,
what would have been the extra seconds, what would have been the
additional trip impacts and all of that. I think the back of the envelope
calculation is probably not my preferred, but it's good enough for me for
tonight, which is basically with the TDM project we should be able to take off
600 trips. There's an increase under the model of 600 trips. The model
currently may overestimate it a little bit. From what I heard you say—you
can correct me if I'm wrong—is you looked at the historical uses of the
building over time. It was a little unclear to me whether or not all of that
space could be used for office. If it could all be used for office with the
existing building, then as the markets moved towards office, it all would be
used for office. The existing trip generation should all be based on office at
that point, not based on historical uses necessarily. If we denied the project
and had an office building, that's what the community would have. It
wouldn't have manufacturing. It would have an office use throughout, given
that that's a much higher and better use. It seems to me at the very least
with the TDM program, it's a net wash in terms of new trips. I think we've
solved—not solved. I think the impacts of traffic are not—there's going to
be no increase in traffic or there shouldn't be an increase in traffic with a
robust TDM project. At least that's what I'm getting out of that. Parking is
really interesting as well. Here we didn't use the TDM project and give them
credit for TDM. We're actually having them increase the parking because
that's what's required because the project was under-parked. Hopefully that
parking is not needed and will not be used.             I think we're a little
schizophrenic on parking right now. We want to make sure that we don't
add to problems with parking and people don't go park in the neighborhoods
and that kind of stuff because they can't park onsite. We want to be overly
cautious and give people parking. On the other hand, when we create all
this new parking, people say we're creating new car trips because there's
parking for those cars. I think that reflects more our schizophrenia as a
Council because we're trying to figure our way through this. We didn't
include the TDM. Since we didn't give them credit for the TDM, we required
them to do parking. I don't view that as a proxy for more cars because
we're requiring both. I think we've dealt with what I would consider to be
the major impacts on this. Given that, I would move that we—let's see what
the Staff recommendation was. We move to certify the Final Environmental
Impact Report and adopt a project-specific Mitigation Monitoring and Report
Program, which is Attachment G, and we adopt a Record of Land Use Action,
                                                                          Page 77 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
