                         TRANSCRIPT
ensure a 70 percent support level. That's not in the Code. The Council's
basis for adopting an SSO is broad. It's based on the Comprehensive Plan,
the zoning purposes for single story overlays and whether the rezoning will
serve a public purpose. The Council options are that the Council may wish
to hear from the speakers and, depending on the number of speakers,
provide direction to Staff on next steps since you may end up continuing
this, especially with the number of speakers. If Council does not adopt an
Ordinance, we'll look forward to hearing your direction. I'll just put up the
four options as we see it. You can adopt the single story overlay at its 64
percent current level. You can reject the single story overlay as proposed.
You can adopt a revised Ordinance for a reduced single story boundary.
Option is direct Staff to assess level of property owner support for either
Options or and return for a decision at a later time. That concludes Staff's
Report. I would like to mention that Commissioner Gardias is here to
present on behalf of the Planning and Transportation Commission. He would
like to say a few words.

Mayor Burt: Welcome, Commissioner Gardias.

Przemek Gardias, Planning and Transportation Commissioner: Thank you for
having me. Mayor Burt, Council Members, I would like to just give a quick
summary of the discussion that Planning and Transportation Commission
had on the subject, and also summarize briefly the Motion that we had on
the floor. The Motion that we had had two elements, was recommendation
to the City Council to remove Loma Verde and Stockton from the boundary
of the SSO boundaries. That was number one. Number two element was
directed to Staff to provide mitigating measures between the SSO
boundaries and not SSO boundaries recognizing that however we structured
the boundaries there may be an impact between one boundary or buildings
or houses within one boundary onto buildings that are on adjacent
boundaries, given that one side would decide to build taller houses. That's
about the Motion. We also talk about some other Items. Before I get to
them, I would like to justify why we decided to do this. The meeting that we
had was very contagious [sic]. We had also many speakers, and many of
them were very passionate about exclusion of the Loma Verde and Stockton.
For the Commission, it was very clear that those two should be excluded.
Also, what we heard from the public, those two streets were pretty much
socializing with the other neighborhoods, not with the neighborhood that
was within the boundary of the original tract. That was the reason why we
thought truly that that boundary of this neighborhood naturally excludes
those two streets. Thinking about this, I would like to recommend that the
Council for your discussion on the boundaries excluding those two streets—I
believe that the (inaudible) resolution lies within the inner boundary as
opposed to the outer boundary that would include those two streets. That
                                                                       Page 62 of 93
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/18/16
