                          TRANSCRIPT
this discussion today that mobility or transportation, however we want to call
it, does deserve to be its own Priority with a strong recognition of its
relationship to the Built Environment, with a strong recognition of how both
of those are essential and the predominant portions of the Comprehensive
Plan. Nevertheless, I think they are appropriate as we define Priorities.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I could just follow up (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Let me recognize Council Member Wolbach first, and then Vice
Mayor.

Council Member Wolbach: Thanks. I just haven't had a chance to weigh in
on the motion yet. I said before I wasn't ready to make it as a motion, but
having seen it as a motion and heard the discussion, I am more comfortable
with this. I want to piggyback on what Mayor Burt was just saying.
Certainly none of our Priorities are siloed. The overlap is tremendous. I
appreciate pointing out how mobility and the Built Environment and
everything that we have under the Built Environment, Infrastructure,
housing, parking, livability, are certainly essential to the Comprehensive
Plan. Members of the Citizen Advisory Committee for the Comprehensive
Plan here know well, as does Staff as well, that those are critical foci of
Comprehensive Plan discussions.       Housing, I would argue, along with
transportation certainly impacts people's health. A Healthy City and a
Healthy Community is tremendously influenced by how far people have to
drive to get to work or whether they can easily move around the City and
how much of their income they're spending on housing and what type of
housing that they have and whether it's suitable for them. That's just to
recognize that there is a lot of overlap and interplay. To comment on the
comments earlier by Council Member Schmid, I fully agree that the
underlying drivers of what causes consternation and problems around
mobility are very important. I think that by elevating—basically all we've
done here is switched Infrastructure and mobility. In the 2015 Priorities, as
Council Member Holman pointed out, they are longer than what we see up
there. The Built Environment highlighted multimodal mobility as a focus
within Built Environment.        We've basically just switched that with
Infrastructure.    Infrastructure got subsumed under Built Environment,
mobility got pulled out. We could play with the language. I think actually
by elevating mobility, it then becomes incumbent upon us and we telegraph
to Staff and our Commissions and the public that we want to have a deeper
analysis of mobility including focusing on the drivers of the problems that
lead to the mobility challenges.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.


                                                                         Page 42 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
