                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Arthur Liberman.

Arthur Liberman: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council people. I want to
commend the Council for rejecting the proposal for the Matadero Creek bike
trail last week, suggesting a street-level path instead. You used common
sense. I'm a cyclist myself, and I support Council priorities for more bicycle
routes in the City. The issue is not with priorities, but how those priorities
are implemented and converted into specific plans. I don't want to speak
about the specifics of that strange plan, but it's an example of just how far a
bureaucratic imperative can drive a project, antagonizing many citizens and
spending and wasting City money. I heard that upwards of $370,000 was
spent already just to study the feasibility of that project. The Transportation
Division has one inlet to its advanced thinking of bike paths, and that's the
Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Committee (PABAC). Those folks are dedicated
cyclists, but they have never seen a bike path they don't like. To have a
better bike path layout, one that benefits the general public, they need to
open up their community outreach, enlarge their advisory board, include
neighbors and pedestrians into their advanced thinking on specific routes.
The City also has a priority to create affordable housing. I support that.
When that priority was converted into the Maybell project proposed by the
Palo Alto Housing Corporation, it ignited a firestorm in my neighborhood. I
was president of the Barron Park Association (BPA) at the time. I was
witness to how the grassroots of our community just stood up and exploded
over what the great majority felt was a project they were unhappy with but
was being forced upon them. The Housing Corporation was stubborn and
inflexible. On the other hand, the Golden Gate people who came out with
this other project reached out, invited the community to provide input,
incorporated that into their project plans. That's a model of how things
should be done. If it were followed elsewhere, there would be fewer appeals
to you by neighbors of developments. My point is that when considering
new projects, City officials need to really think about the concerns and
opinions of citizens at a very early stage, earlier than what generally
happens now, and really listen to them, make an effort to listen to them, not
after hiring consultants, not after spending a lot of money on proposals and
designs. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Action Items

1.    CONTINUED PUBLIC HEARING: to Hear Objections to the Levy of
      Proposed Assessments on the Palo Alto Downtown Business
      Improvement District; Adoption of a Resolution Confirming the Report
      of the Advisory Board and Levying Assessment for Fiscal Year 2017 on

                                                                           Page 2 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
