                          TRANSCRIPT

to cost. Are we really going to do that? Does that mean that we're going to
have ten people devoted to this?           I don't know what the financial
ramifications are to that. There's a lot of that in here. I would much rather
see words like explore. Unless someone's going to come forward on each
one of these and tell me this is what it's going to cost and we're going to go
through it, I'm not going to vote for it. I may have to vote against the
whole thing. I'm not going to vote for putting in things that sound good, but
I have no idea what they're going to cost. I think the policies are great. I
have no issues with—I don't think any of the policies, frankly. How much
Staff time is all this going to take? If we're going to establish a program to
inform residents and businesses including new arrivals in Palo Alto of
opportunities to become involved in civic life. I guess we have tons and tons
of things to do in Palo Alto. We have—how do I put this? We spent our
Retreat talking about prioritizing the work plan. A lot of this looks like a new
work plan with things that may not be the highest priority, frankly. In fact,
a lot of them are not the highest priority. When this comes back, I'd like the
CAC to really think about this and to get some input from Staff about how
expensive is this, how much Staff time does this take. As much as possible,
to the extent that it stays in there, I think it shouldn't be so prescriptive.
The word establish is very, very prescriptive to me.

Mayor Burt: Jeremy wants to comment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You want to comment on that? I'll have more things to
say, but go ahead. You can comment it.

Mr. Dennis: Thank you. Appreciate it, Vice Mayor Scharff. You're speaking
to, I think, intention that existed in particularly the subcommittee level. A
lot of the conversations we had related to the words that would start off
each of these programs and policies. There were certain words in the
existing Comp Plan that, I think, speaking for the subcommittee members
were not strong enough and didn't necessarily say we'd do anything with
these programs. There were words like consider. I think consider was the
one that became the anathema for the group. We needed to do something a
little bit strong, recognizing that there may be issues related to the program
within. I wanted to acknowledge that that was a choice that was made by
the subcommittee to have much stronger language. There certainly was a
recognition among members of the subcommittee and the CAC overall that
some of the things that were being included would certainly relate to a cost,
and that required a conversation at the level of the Council. It spoke back to
the value system they were trying to put in place. We expected that.

                                                                          Page 34 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
