                          TRANSCRIPT
have, I think, a single speaker talk.   We have an additional 16, 17 cards,
something like that.

Ms. Silver: Mayor Burt, since this is a quasi-judicial, we suggest that the
applicant go first with 10 minutes, and they have some time for rebuttal as
well.

Mayor Burt: I wanted us to be looking at time. I'll allow the applicant to
speak at this time, and then we'll determine how much time we have left.

Ted O’Hanlon, Golden Gate Homes: Thank you, City Council. My name's
Ted O'Hanlon. I'm consulting Project Manager for Golden Gate Homes. I've
been involved in this project since the start in 2014. It's been a long two
years. We're very happy to be at this point, in front of you. I will be short
in the interest of time. I think we have a lot of community here to speak as
well on our behalf. When we started, we approached the project knowing
that it was going to take a lot of hard work, a lot of perseverance, a lot of
compromise. We knew it was going to require a very clear understanding of
the Municipal Code and it was also going to require engaging quite closely
the neighbors in Barron Park and also Arastradero as well. We had the
chance to get to know all of them along the way. As time went on, we did
two site plan concepts that were of greater density than the application that
you have now with 16 homes. Both were a very careful depiction of the
Municipal Code and what would be allowed under the existing zoning. Both
were met with quite a bit of negative feedback from the neighborhood, who
really desired a less dense development. We went back to the drawing
board a couple of times. In December, we brought for the City a 16-unit
plan, which was very much embraced by the neighboring community. We
did that with a great consideration of risk, because the lower the density
would go, the lower the potential outcome of the development for Golden
Gate Homes, who is a for-profit developer. Time being of the essence, just
like dollars spent, it was deemed a reasonable foot forward and something
that we could do in concert with the neighborhood. A couple of things came
out of that process that we think are really positive about the project. I'd
like to highlight them. It is an R-1 in nature and spirit site plan, which very
much depicts the greater area of Barron Park. Adjacency is considered
within the site. Using the R-1 guidelines helps to further get it into the
nature of the existing area both with the setbacks that the homes will have,
the height limitations that they'll have and also the driveways. What the
driveways do within all these homes is allow for extra parking. I think all
over Palo Alto we're all worried about parking. We also got to know that this
neighborhood was concerned about that. Another aspect of this site that, I
think, is really important to note and adds much to the community is the 10-
                                                                        Page 82 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
