                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I just don't want to tie the hands of future Councils,
and you can't. It just can't be done.

Council Member Filseth: We shouldn't. On the other hand, we don't want to
be in the situation where we fight this out every year.

Council Member Kniss: No, but Councils to come will do that.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I want to say as we close this down, we are still in
an experimental stage. That's why I would say no to that. We cannot make
decisions for the Council even of next year. The next year's Council may
come in and say we don't agree with this at all, in which case they can
change it. Many Councils have. I would say over the past year, we've
changed a lot of things when the Council changed. That's the nature of the
beast. That is our job; we get to make decisions. If you can find four
members who agree with you on a regular basis—tonight it's slightly
different. If you can four other people that agree with you, you can change
almost anything you'd like to unless it's a State law or the speed limit or
something like that. We can override almost anything that was done before.
I'm looking at Former Mayor Kleinberg who sat here 10 years ago. Am I
right? Ten, 11, 12, and who made a lot of very different decisions at that
point in time. We will look back and say, "We can't even recall what all the
reasons were that we made that." That will actually happen. I want us to
stay in the flexible zone with this and not completely tie ourselves down.
We really are an experiment, and other towns around us are an experiment.
We're not like Menlo Park where they shut it down at night, I think, between
2:00 and 5:00 in the morning. It really sets a tone. You do not park on the
street in Menlo Park. Here you get to park on the street as you see in the
morning if you're out walking early. I think as we've said, we didn't make
everyone happy, but I hope that the public in general will know that this is
something movable. We are in that flexible stage. I think as the Chair has
suggested, when you have a Chamber full and you have all those people
who want to talk, it also turns out 3:00 is a good time to meet even though I
got a lot of nasty letters saying, "Why would you meet at 3:00?" I had
equally nasty ones saying, "Why did you make decisions at 12:30?"
Sometimes it's hard to win this game. I think 3:00 in the afternoon is
terrific for Staff by the way. It probably makes a lot more sense for Gianotti
[phonetic] who won't have to file his story at 2:00 A.M. All lightness aside,
we've made a serious decision we're moving in a very different direction. I
think we really have given a lot of the neighborhoods a great deal of relief
that they didn't have before. Done.


                                                                        Page 64 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
