                         TRANSCRIPT
Sandwich is going in. It's funny. Jim Keene, our City Manager, is not here
tonight, so I can say anything I want about him. He came up to me all
excited three days ago and said, "Ike's Sandwiches is moving in over there."
I'd never heard of them, but he says they're like the best sandwiches ever.
That's sort of off the beaten path, that little node that's right there on
Lytton. I think it's really important to protect those. I understand the
concept and why Staff looks at it like if there's a bunch of retail in a
particular place and there's some one-offs. You don't necessarily want to
protect one-offs because you want to concentrate the retail. That's basic
retail theory. I'd actually argue to you that Palo Alto is different, that the
demand for retail is so strong here that we have, as you said, less than a
two percent vacancy. People will go anywhere they can to do a little retail
within the Downtown core as long as it's walking. The only places I actually
struggle with in my head on this are actually the Anthropologie site, 100
Addison. I don't know if people walk there. I think you can see it when you
look at SurveyMonkey. There was no retail right there. It's right across
from the train station. People argued at the time that there's no continuity,
but yet that seems to be doing fine. There's Philz all the way down in
Forest. I walked by Philz; the place was completely crowded, always. I
think we should protect all of the retail that currently exists. The second
goal frankly is to expand the retail. I think that whenever a new building is
developed in the Downtown area, it should have a ground-floor retail
requirement. There's going to be a lot of redevelopment that comes forward
in some way, be it housing or office, over the next 10 years or whatever. As
that occurs, I think we should have ground-floor retail there. I'd actually
like to see basically all those side streets between Cowper and High Street
have ground-floor retail on the side streets between Lytton and Hamilton.
There are places on Hamilton, which I see that we haven't—which has really
become primarily office. I can understand that. I'd really like Staff to look
at seeing how we achieve those too. In SOFA, I think I just need to
understand a little bit more. I understand Council Member Holman says that
you have to have retail along Homer and Emerson. I would be thrilled if that
was the case. If that's not the case, I would like to actually require retail
along Homer and Emerson when we do that. I do think, as to Mayor Burt's
point, there's three buckets here. I'm much more open to the medical
office, to more of the personal services down there in that SOFA area than I
am in the Downtown core. I think that goes to changing the Downtown core
framework. I'm very hesitant to say we have too many nail salons or
barbershops or that. When I walked down University, I thought about it.
There's obviously the barbershop next to the Presidents Hotel. There's also
the Aveda store, which predates me in Palo Alto. I think that's been there
before 1988. I remember it there forever it seems. That is a vibrant corner.
It feels like retail. I wouldn't want to outlaw that. I don't think we have a
problem in the Downtown in terms of the mix of stores, in terms of the
                                                                       Page 78 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
