                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:     I would say that 6 is the one where we're looking for
significantly more housing sites than 5. That's why it popped up there.

Council Member Holman: Agreed. I don't see it incorporated anywhere
here, and I haven't found where the best place is to put it. We aren't
identifying any housing sites near jobs. We've talked about housing sites
near transit but not near jobs except for that one (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We've got it on 6, so this isn't about selecting a scenario. This
is about analyzing scenarios. Coupling the additional sites with the highest
jobs scenario is the logical thing to do.

Council Member Holman: I'll pass on that one then.

AMENDMENT N: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “add to Table 2 Row 5, ‘Scenario 5.’”

AMENDMENT N WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. I want to basically understand what we've
done on the issues of where we said it applies to all scenarios. Can we look
at that one again just for a second? I wasn't sure what the impact of this is
in terms of money and time. Are we going back on any of these and redoing
any of the scenarios or not? I had concerns about how we ended up looking
at Scenarios 1-4. I thought the notion was we don't change anything in
Scenarios 1-4.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. I didn't notice that there was something up there
for Scenarios 1-6. This is a discussion about ...

Mayor Burt: Can I attempt to clarify the intent? I was in all three of those.
It's not to change the analysis; it's to change the reporting.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Have we already done the reporting or not?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, we've already—we weren't going to republish the Draft
EIR. We're going to prepare a supplement that's going to focus on Scenarios
5 and 6. To the extent we need to repeat information from the Draft EIR to
make that analysis more clear, we will. We were not going to go back and
redo this. We agendized this really for a discussion of 5 and 6, not how we
should go back and redo 1-4.

Mayor Burt: I just clarified we're not—the intent of this is not to change the
analysis of 1-4.
                                                                        Page 77 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
