                          TRANSCRIPT
speak for colleagues if I might, anyone here. I really don't know anyone
that has that attitude, quite frankly. I've said this before. One of the things
that I find really disheartening about this discussion—I'll just be frank—by
Staff, the Council, members of the public who come and say, "We need
housing. We need housing. We need housing," is that we don't do a darned
thing to retain the existing housing units that we have. Not a darned thing.
Policy H-29 is in the existing Comprehensive Plan, and it talks about if there
are three or more units on a parcel, that if they are proposed to be removed,
it just doesn't happen. That was challenged. Staff said way back in my
mid-term on the Planning Commission, which has been like 10 years ago
now, that Staff would come forward with a replacement to address that very
issue. The City Staff to my knowledge—I'm not trying to beat on City Staff;
I'm just trying to point out some things that don't happen. We don't even
count how many units we lose in the community every year. All the time,
you see in real estate ads, single-family home with second unit. Guess what
happens? So much of the time, I see it. Both of those units get demolished,
and one much larger gets built. Why are we not exploring what we can do
to retain our existing housing units. I mentioned earlier—what we can
legally do, of course. The problem with ADUs—I have one. I live in R-2, and
I have a cottage. Thank God I do, for both my tenants and myself. The
problem with ADUs is it's very time intensive to try to get them to expand
where they're allowed, but also once built they're built, and the City has no
capability of requiring that they're used for housing. No capability. If
there's any means to do that, I'd like to know what it is. I've never known
of any. If there is any, then who's going to do the Code enforcement? We
have Code enforcement issues as it is. I'm not trying to be a negative
person here; I'm just trying to be a realist of what we can and can't do. I
did mention Airbnb earlier. If it's even reasonably accurate that we have
300 units at any given time that are being rented out for Airbnb, those are
units that are rented out that not only take money away from our hotels, but
it's rental units that aren't available for our general population. I thought
when we started out with this fifth scenario, that we were looking at a
quality of life scenario. It's a quality of life that certainly would include some
additional housing. I don't know what that number is, and I have a serious
concern about starting with a number and trying to drive to that number
without having some notion of what it looks like. I absolutely agree with
both Bob Wenzlau's comments about delaying the EIR so we can sequence,
and I absolutely agree with the comments of Shani Kleinhaus because I
think we should be looking to hear what the CAC has to say and what the
PTC has to say. We haven't had that discussion yet. It is iterative, so I
think it is premature to at this moment direct a next scenario for EIR
evaluation. It's also a little—I've always had some kind of reservations
about this process for the EIR. I think in this case it really is. If we let a
number drive where we're going, not only what does that look like, but what
                                                                          Page 90 of 122
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/16/16
