                          TRANSCRIPT
re-notice and give everybody an idea of what we were doing before we move
forward. Happy to take that direction, but I think it means we would defer
adoption this evening, unless my colleagues disagree.

Mayor Burt: I would instead add to the Motion to request Staff to return
with an alternative for an annual inflation adjustment to the Fee Schedule.

James Keene, City Manager: Do I understand that that would not be
postponing the adoption tonight?

Mayor Burt: Correct. The time of the return, would this be at the annual
budget or when would this occur?

Mr. Keene: I'm not sure whether that's it, but it certainly would be within
this next year. The concept is you're going to adopt it now. By the time
we'd be looking at an annual adjustment, we'd have to come back in
advance of that. It would be around this time of year.

Mayor Burt: Then we'd just say in not more than a year for Staff to return.

Council Member DuBois: I would accept that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “to request Staff return with
an alternative for an annual inflation adjustment to the Fee Schedule.”
(New Part E)

Mayor Burt: The second one, based on your prior comments, I'm not sure
that you're going to be receptive to it. I still have a problem with an
Applicant having to cover the cost of an appeal if the applicant's position
prevailed. You think in civil law this isn't done. Where somebody sues you,
you win, and you have to pay their court costs. That's basically what we're
talking about here. It just doesn't seem right to me. On the one hand, we
could say anybody who's a developer ought to have to pay, but I just don't
think that passes the fairness test. I would propose that if an appeal is
denied, the fee structure not charge the Applicant for—we have two
circumstances now. I have to think about it. One is when another party
appeals. Let me try and see if I can state this clearly. If there is an appeal
by a third party and that appeal fails, the Applicant would not be obligated to
cover additional expenses of the appeal.

Council Member Kniss: Pat, would you clarify third party?

Mayor Burt: That's the Appellant. That's if the Appellant is not the
Applicant. I'll have another one for if the Appellant is the Applicant.

                                                                         Page 30 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
