                          TRANSCRIPT
tonight to speak to comments about the traffic study. We've not directed a
redo of that traffic analysis.

Council Member DuBois: Has Staff thought at all about impacts on the
police station or anything being on that street? Has that come up?

Council Member Filseth: Can I comment on that for a second? The stat I
think Tom's looking at is on Packet Page 182, and it says, "The existing peak
hour traffic volumes were obtained from the traffic count database." Recent
2013 peak hour counts, I think that's where that data comes from. Page
182.

Council Member DuBois: My concern was about the police station itself.
That's a newer development. I just wondered if Staff has talked about that
internally at all.

Mr. Lait: No. I'd have to take a look at the traffic study and get back to you
on that. We've not had any additional conversations about it.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: If I could just add on that point.
Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney. From an environmental review
standpoint, of course there are always going to be changing circumstances.
Legally, what is required under the California Environmental Quality Act is to
look at the conditions on the ground at the time the environmental review is
commenced. That's why the 2013 date was used.

Council Member DuBois: It sounds like there will be 33 trees removed.
There was a little bit of discussion. I think you show it in your picture.
These palm trees are kind of iconic. Was there any discussion about
retaining those trees along the street?

Mr. Lait: No. I believe those trees need to be removed. They are on the
property, the palm trees that you're seeing. They will be removed to
accommodate the development.

Council Member DuBois: You also showed a chart where part of the
property is in the Parking Assessment District, and part isn't. Isn't the
Assessment District closed at this point?

Mr. Lait: Yeah. That's sort of an interesting component of our Code. The
Assessment District—I don't have the exact terminology—has matured.
We're not assessing those properties any more. They've paid the bond
balance for that or whatever the proper terminology is for that. However,
our District Map includes what the assessment boundary is. That District
Map has not been amended.
                                                                        Page 18 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
