                         TRANSCRIPT
to 8 feet tall. In the cost estimate I prepared, that could be afforded to
allow more privacy. This is an image also along the creek showing how
natural vegetation has been used to provide additional privacy for
homeowners. The cost estimates that we prepared for the shared-use path
includes all segments that were feasible, including those midblock crossings,
would be a total of $4.9 million. The pedestrian path only option would be a
total of $3.4 million. In addition to looking at the on-creek and hybrid
alternative options, Council asked for on-street alternatives on collector
streets. We evaluated Colorado Avenue along with Loma Verde. East
Meadow Drive is something that City Staff are looking at as a separate
project. Colorado Avenue is 36 feet from curb to curb. It has a parking
lane, a shared sharrow and travel lane, and a bicycle lane. We did not take
this any further for consideration due to the fact of its limited width. There
wouldn't be room to do a separated, Class IV facility. Instead, we looked at
taking Loma Verde, which is 40 feet from curb to curb, as a viable
alternative. From Bryant to Louis on Loma Verde, you have a parking and
bicycle shared lane on the north side of the street. You have two travel
lanes, and you have a bike lane 6 feet on the south side that essentially
allows for parking at night, but during the day it functions as a bike lane.
On either ends of the corridor from Loma Verde, you have two 20-foot
shared travel and parking lanes. The configuration that we came up with,
Cross Section Number 1, is to retain that parking lane on the north side of
the street. You would still have a 19-foot travel way, and we'd create a
separated, raised median, Class IV cycle track, so a two-way cycle track with
that protection from moving traffic. Essentially, you're taking the bike lane
on the north side and consolidating it with the bike lane on the south side.
This is a visual simulation of what that could look like. It's early in the
stages, so that separation could take many different forms. We're showing
here planters; however, that could take lots of different looks and feels,
planted or not. An issue with this configuration are the number of driveway
crossings; there are roughly 65 instances where a Class IV facility would
cross driveways. As it stands today, the bicycle lanes plus sidewalks, people
using those driveways already have to look in both directions and look for
bicycles in one direction. This would be adding a bicyclist moving in a
different direction. This is a treatment from national standards that show
how these driveways could be marked to alert different users of that
potential crossing conflict. The cost estimate for the Loma Verde Avenue
Class IV, protected bikeway would be roughly $2 million. At this point, I
want to turn things back to Josh.

Mr. Mello: Thank you, Jeff. That brings us to our recommendation. We did
go to Planning and Transportation Commission last month, and we presented
basically this exact same presentation and a draft of the Feasibility Study.

                                                                       Page 19 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
