                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     We have three more speakers for open
communication. If anyone else wishes to speak, please bring your card
forward at this time. First is Maureen Jones, to be followed by Tessa
Woodmanse.

Maureen Jones: How do you do? Do I have three minutes? Good. I'm
Maureen Jones. There's a handout for you. It's comprised of six items. One
is a press release of groups urging EPA to ban fluoridation based on risk to
the brain. The petition includes over 2,500 pages of supporting scientific
documentation. EPA has 90 days to respond to the petition. Item 2 is the
summary of the petition.         It's staggering, absolutely mind blowing.
Petitioners request that EPA exercise its authority under provisions of the
Toxic Substances Control Act. The petitioners have attached copies of over
300 human, animal and cell studies of fluoride's neuro-toxicity, which
include those that have become available since the 2006 NRC review. Third
Item, Chemical and Engineering News' abstract of a rat study published in
brain research in 1998. The authors were very surprised at the neuro-toxic
effects of sodium fluoride at the very same concentration of fluoride used in
fluoridated drinking water. Fourth Item, neuro-toxicology and teratology.
Rat behavior was tested in a computer pattern recognition system. Very
interesting. Different responses for male rats versus female. The fifth Item
is the 1944 Manhattan Project declassified document where they requested
for animal experimentation to determine central nervous system effects.
Uranium hexafluoride, they said, may have a rather marked central nervous
system effect. You do know that it's fluoride that enriches uranium, I hope.
It's one atom of uranium put with six atoms of fluoride. Just google does
fluoride enrich uranium, and it will show you how. This is the national
security background, the political urgency behind water fluoridation. It
never had anything to do with teeth. The military needed some kind of
miracle thing for babies to get off the lawsuits. DuPont had 12 lawsuits. If
you go to Deepwater, New Jersey, lawsuit, you can read the 18 declassified
documents for yourself. The sixth one here is from a Stanford professor
back in 1936. We're going backwards in time. Fluorine in relation to bone
and tooth development, Stanford University, 1936. Fluorine and lead and
arsenic belong to the same group. This is really interesting. I've been
reading this forever.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Jones: I hope you do enjoy this.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Jones: The EPA has 90 days to respond to that petition.

                                                                        Page 15 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
