                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Would you like us to do our ta-da?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss:       I need departing Council Member Berman's
assistance and Karen. Karen, since you are very involved in this, why don't
you come over and you get to open the box. For a number of you who know
we've been working on a Healthy Cities project in Palo Alto for two years,
the Vice Mayor and I went down to San Jose two weeks ago and discovered
that we were the winners of three awards, not just one. Karen, why don't
you open that one first. I confess Greg and I have already seen it. This is
why we won. I think we won because we are an active and safe community,
healthy food and beverage environment, tobacco-free community, and also
we did some cross-cutting strategies. We're a remarkable community. Hold
that up, as they say on those programs, so everyone at home can see it.
Isn't that pretty?

Council Member Holman: It's a very heavy, fingerprinted piece of glass.

Council Member Kniss: It's actually very pretty. In addition, you may want
to talk about your own. Greg and I both went down to this meeting without
knowing that we had won anything whatsoever. It was a big surprise. This
one simply says an exemplary city. This one in particular was for Safe
Routes to Schools, so talking about safety. That's the City of Palo Alto. Vice
Mayor, maybe you'd like to share yours.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They did give me the Healthy Cities Champion Award
for Santa Clara County when I was down there. I wanted to call out Council
Member Holman who has worked really hard on the Healthy Cities initiative.
I just wanted to say everyone's aware down there of your hard work and
wanted to thank you for it.

Council Member Kniss: We missed you that day.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I am very sorry. I had all intentions
of going, and I was home on the couch with a splitting headache and with
the jackhammers going on my street. It was not a very pleasant day. I
would rather have been with you all.

Council Member Kniss: It was wonderful to get recognized for—two years
ago I think we chose as one of our Priorities a Healthy City. The group is
still going strong and has lots of support. The heightened awareness of what
it takes to be a Healthy City has been a very positive outcome.



                                                                      Page 112 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
