                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: I think I gave an example of why you could defer it. There
could be other reasons why you might defer it for four months. In other
words, one very good reason would be to go and survey those who backup
to the Ross Road properties and see how they feel about, if those are
removed, the Ross Road properties, how do they feel about—are they still
supportive of an SSO that would exclude Ross Road. I think that would be a
good reason for deferral.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It wouldn't have anything to do with the Eichler
guidelines, because that was the context that we had. That was the first
question. Let's see. I guess I'll make some comments then. This seems to
me to be one of the quietest SSOs. Other times they've come before us,
there's been lots of people in the audience. It seems to be much more
passion around doing it. There's not that many people that showed up on
such an important issue. I'm not quite sure what to make of that. People
seem equally split. It's below the threshold. It seems like it's right on the
edge, which I guess is what we've seen. It's fluctuated back and forth. I
think that makes it really hard for me to support it frankly. It doesn't seem
like there's strong neighborhood support to do this. People signed this, but I
haven't seen a lot of people come and speak for it. On that basis, I'll just
move that we deny it.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
deny the request for a Single Story Overlay (SSO).

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I speak to my Motion?

Mayor Burt: Yep, go ahead and speak to your Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We set it up that it's 70 percent if there are no CC&Rs,
60 percent if it is CC&Rs. There are CC&Rs; we've had the 60 percent. It's
fallen below the 60 percent. When we've done this in the past, we rejected
the last one that came to us that was below it. I agree with a lot of Marc's
comments, Council Member Berman's, regarding that the process does seem
broken to me and does seem to need to be fixed. Since we sort of have
this—at least what we've been doing in the past, it seems to me, is that
when it gets below the threshold, which in this case is even lower than 70
percent, we haven't moved forward with it. I don't really see a strong
reason to defer. People can come back on this in seven months, which is a
fairly soon time if there is strong support for this at some point. I'm really
uncomfortable with the notion of, first of all, we broke off one road, and now
we're going to break off another road. The idea is that every time it loses
support, you figure out how can we make it meet that 60 percent threshold.
                                                                       Page 62 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
