                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois said, in particular, and then generally everybody
else as well. I did want to say that I'm particularly struck by the comments
from the professional services tenants that came out. I want to thank you
very much for coming out and talking to us tonight. I don't really want to be
part of a cooperative design process here, so I don't want to talk about the
project in detail. I do want to observe the—one of the risks of putting up
oversized, relative to the neighborhood and surroundings, buildings is it
makes it easier to add the next one. Although this is a process, in this case
it's taken 45 years or something like that. That's how over long periods of
time you get significant change in neighborhoods and so forth. I think that's
one of the risks of doing these kinds of things. That said, I particularly
concur with the last speaker who said that in general (inaudible) try to avoid
zoning changes, other things being equal. I agree very much with that. I
think we should only do that when there is a clear reason to do it, and I
think it's safe to say we haven't seen a compelling reason tonight why we
should change the zoning. I do want to observe that, in this case, the
original zoning was actually a combination of CS for part of the parcel and R-
4 for—and then it was up-zoned to a PC. The discussion tonight is to up-
zone it again to a CD-C. I think this is kind of a process that we don't want
to be part of. Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes this item for this evening. I just
want to make sure the public knows that Item Number 12 tonight is
discussion of the fifth scenario for the Comprehensive Plan Environmental
Impact Report. The fifth scenario was one where we're looking at less
commercial development and potentially more housing compared to the
other scenarios. I know that an individual project in your neighborhood is
what resonates the most with folks, but this is the discussion of how we'll
treat all these things Citywide for the coming years and decades. I don't
want to discourage you from hanging around until midnight with us. On that
note, thank you all for participating. Folks, can we encourage you to
continue your discussions out in the lobby, so that we can get going on the
next item.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions, of
which we have none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We will now proceed to City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members.
We do have an item on Consent tonight, Item Number 3. I've gotten some
                                                                       Page 25 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
