                         TRANSCRIPT
was able to re-lease that area at the GreenWaste site.          Just a slight
clarification there.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Before you leave, what do you think the reality is? Do
you think the reality is we wouldn't be able to lease it for that, so it's not
really lost revenue? What's the truth?

Mr. Eggleston: What I've heard in talking to the City's Real Estate Manager
is that there is some demand for the types of activities and space. I think,
shuttle parking and construction staging. I don't think he was greatly
confident that he would necessarily be able to lease out that whole site.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Chief, when you were talking about the 60 seconds and
the software, is that an average 60 seconds? Fifty percent could be more
than 60 seconds with some outliers of much more minutes and a few that
are likely to be slightly under that 60 seconds. On a practical point of view,
if I have a medical emergency out there, could it take four or five minutes
for some people and 60 seconds for others? That's the first part of the
question. The second part of the question is do you feel operationally that
people could die because we make this decision. I don't mean to be—we
just had this thing about 1 minute. Obviously I want to save the tennis
courts.

Mr. Nickel: Let's go with the first question. When we talk about 60 seconds,
that's within that station's response zone at the 90th percentile; that's 90
percent. If we were to go average, we're probably adding 30 seconds, 30-
40 seconds. I don't calculate anything in averages, because I try to go at
the 90th percentile. That is just for that response zone. Now, we have to
look at the whole system. Because we use the efficiency technology of
automatic vehicle locator, the Computer-Aided Dispatch (CAD) system when
that call is put into the dispatch software is going to look for the closest
available appropriate apparatus irregardless of where the boundary might be
drawn. What will likely occur in that case is Station 4, which is down on
Middlefield, will be closer and will be dispatched. We could have a crew
driving through there doing inspections. That crew would be dispatched.
Likely during this temporary phase, we will have fully implemented our
automatic aid agreement with Menlo Park Fire District. They will have
companies that will be closer and will be sent. Just for a frame of reference,
what that automatic vehicle locator does for us—we've been doing this with
the City of Mountain View now for about 2 1/2 years. We have lowered
response times in south Palo Alto and north Mountain View by almost a
minute. We try to look at, when we ran the Code 3 software, a very static
look at the station response boundaries. That's the best estimate that we
can come up with at the 90th percentile. I hope that answers your first

                                                                       Page 33 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
