                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: That was the intent.

Mayor Burt: That brings back a problem with the whole process. I think we
need to have clarity when people bring a petition, and then we change the
boundaries, do the prior signatures apply to a new boundary. Frankly, I
would be much more inclined to support excluding the Louis homes. We all
know that brings up an argument that those people then have a potential
two-story over their backyard. I expect that we will have Eichler guidelines
that would then apply to any Eichlers that would be in that circumstances.
That would give additional protection over what we currently have. In this
circumstance, we look at tradeoffs and trying to strike balances. In my
mind, excluding Louis that has zero support for it and considering the
interior neighborhood that has very high support would be a more
appropriate approach. With all those changes, I frankly think that it needs
to come back under that petition. I appreciate that there's a lot of work that
has gone into the petition so far. I understand that, but I think this is a lot
of changes from the original petition, including one that isn't even before us
tonight that I'd be advocating. I will not be supporting the Substitute
Motion. Council Member Holman, did you have something real quick,
because I don't want to open a whole other round?

Council Member Holman: Yes, real quick. Because one of the Council
Members was allowed to respond to something, I wanted to too. I wondered
if it would be helpful to offer an Amendment to the Motion that's up here.
Allow the neighborhood to decide if they would like to exclude the Ross Road
properties and/or Louis Road properties. If that would be agreeable to the
maker and seconder? Thank you for that.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “and/or Louis Road properties.”

Council Member Holman: Just really quickly ...

Male: (inaudible) say yes?

Council Member Holman: That was accepted. Just really, really quickly in
response to a couple of comments that were made earlier.          I wasn't
indicating that Staff was fiddling while Rome was burning. I was indicating
the Council was, not the Staff. I had already said how busy they are. The
other is I don't believe an application has to have 60 percent support to
come to the Council. I think an applicant, any applicant, can come with or
without Staff support. They deserve a hearing in front of the Council. It is
not, I don't believe, a 60 percent support to get a hearing in front of the
Council.
                                                                        Page 71 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
