                          TRANSCRIPT
receiving roughly $38 million on a 30-year period. The recommended
distribution formula mirrors the existing formula used for vehicle registration
fee, which is passed on the population of the City and the County of Santa
Clara roads and expressway line mileage. These funds may be used to
repair streets and will include a Complete Streets requirement to improve
bicycle and pedestrian access. As Palo Alto has a Pavement Condition Index
of over 70, the City will likely be able to use the funds for other congestion
relief projects as well. In 2016, our index was 82 with our goal of 85 by
2019, just to remind you. Staff looks forward to bringing further detail back
to the Council in January on this subject. I believe I'm getting a little help
with some pictures. These were submitted by our Public Works Department.
It was an effort to reduce waste at City Hall. It was an intensive in-fighting
for a full month that we undertook, as the floors competed to see who the
best waste reducer and recycling composters were. We have two winners.
Our ground-floor Utilities and Administrative Services folks, my people, won
the prize as best sorters. Our seventh floor, the clerks, auditors and yes the
City Manager's Office, produced the least overall residuals, that is compost,
recyclables and garbage added together. You see the pictures of the Staff
that contributed to the event. All for a good cause. You may be wondering
what this big machine on Lincoln Avenue is. If you've driven by, you've
probably noticed it; it's hard to miss. It is our latest effort to reuse
construction material onsite, rather than haul them off as waste. This
machine mixes spoils excavated from the pipeline trench with cement and
water to use it back to fill the trench, thus avoiding the off-haul of the soil
and the import of backfill material. You may have seen this large, 42-inch
storm water pipeline being installed there to reduce street flooding. It's one
of the key projects funded by our current storm water management fee and
is scheduled to be completed by the end of the calendar year. We also have
a short video that will demonstrate the process for you.

Mayor Burt: Is Tonka coming out with a new item for this?

Mr. Perez: We're going to educate the children of Palo Alto how the traffic is
less now. That's a good move in helping congestion. The last item that I
wanted to let you know, Mr. Mayor and Council Members, is that it has come
to Staff's attention that AT&T is reviewing the possibility of making a site
near Boulware Park available for sale. It has to be approved by their
internal process and made available to the general public, since it's a
publicly held company. The site is zoned Public Facility. AT&T is in the
process of determining exactly how much of the land would be available for
sale. Currently, there's a building on that land, and they're trying to size up
the lot and the requirements they have for the building that they will keep.
Once we have additional information, Staff will return to Council to see if

                                                                          Page 6 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
