                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't particularly like it.

Council Member Holman: I just want to be clear ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we should just have—if people want to throw it
out. Otherwise, I think Staff should come back to us what they think is –I
still think Staff should just come back (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: That's what we're going—the problem is you're going to suggest
stuff, and we're going to say that's not translatable. That person is not
working on (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: How about if put out on the table suggestions for things that
we would reduce in priority, but we don't try to make them determinative for
Staff? This is just—we're kind of doing what Jim suggested, but we're doing
it in public right now. Staff will go back and look at both those and any
others that they would recommend, that we may not have suggested. Does
that sound reasonable, Jim?

Mr. Keene: Yeah. The question is are you each going to give us one.
You're going to give us (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Let's see how this goes. Karen.

Mr. Keene: I think you need to do it fast without explanation.

Mayor Burt: I'm trying to be fast.

Council Member Holman: I'll be fast with this. I just want to ...

Mayor Burt: Or we could debate the process more.

Council Member Holman: I just want to clarify that the four that I listed
were not all for deemphasizing. Forty-two is Individual Review which was
suggested put in the parking lot, but I think Hillary clarified that it actually is
almost complete even though it's, I think, yellow on the list, I think.
Eichlers, I think we might just have a couple of comments to make about it.

Mayor Burt: What's the point of 42 then, if it's almost complete?                Why
would we want to vote on reprioritizing it?

Council Member Holman: We could, but the comment was downgrading.

Mayor Burt: (crosstalk) we could.       I'm asking why would we, if we got a
clarification it's almost complete.


                                                                           Page 99 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcropt: 5/31/16
