                          TRANSCRIPT
top management at the shelter, that's finally gone—now you want to dump
it. You finally have an opportunity to have great leadership. They're great
Animal Control Officers. The front office people who aren't customer friendly
need to be gone. The management is finally gone. I just finally want to say
a building does not make the soul of an organization nor do architectural
plans. I'm very, very happy and proud to be associated with all of them.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by our final speaker,
Faith Brigel.

Herb Borock: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I thought I
heard Staff say that they didn't have an obligation to bring the Staff Report
to you on your Agenda, that they could just wait to bring a contract. They
choose not to provide you with the financial information that they had. If
you approve their recommendation, whatever's negotiated doesn't have to
comply with the terms in this term sheet. Wondering what you would do. I
was surprised that none of the Council Members had asked for that financial
information prior to the meeting, so we could all see it. There's been some
question about whether Pets in Need has an open-door policy or whether
they really have limited admission and only admit rescues that they feel can
be adopted, which is different from the current Palo Alto shelter. I had
provided you with a letter by email, but it came so close to tonight's starting
time that Staff didn't have an opportunity to copy printed copies. I hope you
had an opportunity to read it. I'll try to summarize it briefly. Palo Alto
currently has four Staff people in addition to the Animal Control Officers.
Pets in Need has 11 in its proposal. Palo Alto currently handles—its region is
Palo Alto, Los Altos and Los Altos Hills. Pets in Need does rescues from
various cities through Northern California. Palo Alto's budget indicates what
the Palo Alto shelter is for. It provides animal control, pet recovery,
adoption services, animal care, animal health and welfare and regional, that
is Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Animal Services. You have from Pets in Need
that it sees its objective as a no-kill access facility will validate the no-kill
movement. That's really what it wants to be doing. There's a question in
terms of facility size and Staff. To what extent is that determined by the
geographical area that they have for rescues. There was also something in
the Staff Report that you might have to negotiate with Pets in Need as to
how much they would be doing that Palo Alto is currently doing. That seems
to be a question of what priority is given to the current shelter population of
animals. Finally, I didn't see anything in the term sheet about licensing of
pets or vaccination of pets.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Faith Brigel.


                                                                         Page 55 of 121
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 09/06/16
