                         TRANSCRIPT
that are going forward in the City. Two of these projects are located in
Downtown parking structures and the other two are for parking structures
on Cambridge. The Council may recall an RFP that went out to receive
requests from vendors that would be interested in participating in the City's
CLEAN program and providing solar power energy. The Council did select a
vendor and agreed to a 25-year lease agreement. That vendor is proposing
to put solar panels on four parking structures in addition to a few EV
chargers and electrical infrastructure as well. The four sites, two of them
are Downtown. One is at 520 Webster. Three of the four properties are PC-
zoned and subject to the zoning set forth in those documents. The one that
is not is on Cambridge. I'll point that out to you in just a moment. Here's
an illustration showing the existing condition on the left and the proposed
configuration with the solar panel structure in this lower panel above. On
445 Bryant, that's the other Downtown PC-zoned parcel. Here's a similar
structure where the existing is on the left and the proposed on the right.
I'm understanding that the solar panels and the structure and up to the solar
panels is just under 10 feet above the height of the existing garage
structure. On Cambridge, we've got some lower profile structures. This one
at 275 Cambridge is also a PC-zoned structure. Just incidentally, those two
in Downtown would exceed the 50-foot height limit that the City has. On
Cambridge here, this is a "before" on the left with a photo simulation on the
right. These are, I believe, below the 37-foot height limit. On Cambridge,
at 475 Cambridge, this is the PF-zoned property. This is one of the four.
There's really not much of a conversation associated with this one other than
we wanted to include this one together with the others that we were
presenting. There's two basic reasons why we're here. One is to get the
Council's agreement, if it's there, that these projects do not require
amendments to the PC zoning; that in fact they are consistent with those PC
ordinances for those parking structures. Two, provided that's the case, Staff
was anticipating approving these at a Staff level, which is called a minor
architectural review. A decision made at that Staff level, a request for
hearing could be made, and that would go to the Architectural Review Board
and then that in turn could be appealed to the City Council if there was a
need for that. At this time, I'll conclude my presentation. The vendor and
architect team, I believe, is here in the audience as well as Staff from
different departments that have an interest in the solar panel program.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Members, do you have questions of Staff
at this time? Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I have two questions. The first
one is if we declare this to be a minor project and also that installing solar
panels on a rooftop sort of qualifies under the same kind of exemption from
                                                                       Page 38 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
