                          TRANSCRIPT
Again, there's some sense that they could be fluid. You're correct. Council
Member Holman's suggestion was that it sort of roughly be in those
categories. I don't mean to speak for Council Member Holman. She's pretty
passionate about the importance of having on-Staff access to architectural
capacity. We'd want to be sure that, if we're putting half a million dollars,
there would be enough spent in that area during the course of a year.

Council Member Holman: Yes. Just to follow-up on that if I might. I
thought I'd said—apologies if I wasn't clear. It wasn't determined that it
was going to be a third, a third and a third. I had understood—Director
Gitelman can speak for herself—that it was in the range of a third, a third
and a third. There's no specific anything. As City Manager said, I think
there's a reasonable commitment from—there is a commitment from
Director Gitelman that certainly a fair amount of this funding, maybe in the
$200,000 range maybe, would be spent on the urban design and
architectural support. Director Gitelman can speak for herself, but what I
remember at Finance Committee was it was in the range of a third, a third
and a third but not specific.

Ms. Gitelman:     Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members.            Hillary
Gitelman, the Planning Director. If I can just follow up on this. I think the
Finance Committee made a recognition that in the course of the year, we
often have in the Planning Department newly created priorities and the need
to respond quickly. The three things we put on that list, the first two things
reflect new priority projects that have landed on our plate that we want to
be responsive to. The desire for Eichler-specific design guidelines and
architectural urban design support for our program generally is the first
category. The second category includes a project to look at traffic safety
issues on Middlefield Road close to the Menlo Park border. That's a priority
project that's just landed on our plate, and it's quite important, I know, to
many of us. The third is kind of a catch-all. We've discovered over the
course of this past year the need to supplement RPP funding and other
transportation funding as the needs arise. I think I was clear to the Finance
Committee that at least those first two things we would have to fund out of
this contingency fund, because it's nowhere else in our budget. The design
professional, working on the Eichler-specific issue and then supporting the
rest of the department's activity. The Middlefield Road study is nowhere else
in our budget, so we would need to use this contingency for that purpose.
As the City Manager indicated, all of the uses of the contingency would
require City Council approval, not just the contracts over 89,000 or whatever
the limit is in the coming year. It would be expenditures from this fund
would have to come to the Council.



                                                                            Page 36 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
