                          TRANSCRIPT
build a two-story home because of the size of their lot and even though they
have a two-story home next to them. There are 18 two-story homes in this
neighborhood already, 18. This proposal could result in litigation over the
process by which the signatures were obtained, whether the 70 percent was
truly achieved. Because some people are going to be severely affected by
this, there could be an argument for inverse condemnation. I'm not going to
tell you anyone's hired me to do that, because nobody's hired me to do that.
I haven't told anyone to do that. There are law firms around town that are
being consulted on that. We know that for a fact. There are other ways to
protect the character of the neighborhood. There are ways of protecting the
Eichler status of the neighborhood. The single story overlay may end up
causing people to build in a way that's entirely different from the way they
would have, because of the setbacks and the other issues they have. Based
on that, many, many have banded together and gone to the step of hiring a
lawyer to come represent them here tonight. I think they were all going to
tell their stories, and you'll hear a lot of evidence for what I've been saying
already. With that, I think I've finished my presentation. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is David Hanzel, and David will
be speaking on behalf of Ann Hanzel, Jeffrey Willits, Heidi Lerner and Ben
Lerner.

David Hanzel, speaking for a group of five:                Actually I'm speaking
representing the applicants. We have a presentation. Mr. Mayor, remaining
Council Members, good evening. My name is David Hanzel, and I live on
Loma Verde Avenue, one of the at-risk streets. I am absolutely supporting
the single story overlay. I'm representing the six neighbors who have been
working on this project for almost two years and also the majority of Royal
Manor residents who would like to protect their Eichler neighborhood. Soon
after I was born, my parents bought a brand-new Eichler in Terra Linda in
San Rafael. That house on Wake Robin Lane is now protected by a single
story overlay. I'm hoping that my Palo Alto Eichler can someday have the
same protection. Royal Manor is a large, original and cohesive Eichler tract
in the northern corner of Palo Verde. All the houses were built at the same
time. One of the most remarkable things in the 60 years since they were
built, not a single one has been torn down in contrast with the City as a
whole, where almost 10 percent of the Eichlers have been torn down. A few,
less than 10 percent of the houses, have had second-story additions put on,
mostly in the 1970s. Ours is quintessential intact Eichler neighborhood that
retains its original character. It's really easily identifiable from the sky. The
flat or nearly flat roofs contrast with the diversity of the other houses. At
street level, Royal Manor retains the distinctive look of rows of mid-century,
modern homes right out of an Eichler brochure, except for now the trees are
much more mature. Our neighborhood is abutted by both the Swim and
                                                                          Page 66 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
