                          TRANSCRIPT
people have pointed to at least two studies, the Todd study and the Smith
study for EPA and BAWSCA, done in the last couple of years, which has quite
different pictures. As a matter of fact if you took your picture, the one on
the screen, and put the area where they see interaction between shallow
and deep, it takes place at Middlefield and University. That's a mile and a
half from the edge of the Santa Clara Valley Water District. Now, I'm not
sure—there's a dispute going on here. Two different studies are showing
two different things. The BAWSCA study, I know the Smith study cites
seven recent well-based studies in the general area, but the BAWSCA study
concludes that the seepage from the groundwater in that arena, a mile and a
half from the edge here, total 190 acre feet per year. Now, that's a
substantial difference from what you're assuming that we should go ahead in
2016 and continue pumping water in the dry summer months not into the
aquifer, but into the storm drain out to the Bay. That seems to me to be in
dispute whether that is healthy for the shallow aquifer, for the deep aquifer.

Mayor Burt: I've got to interrupt everybody. This year I've been trying to
permit technical questions by the Council before hearing from the public to
really allow some of that information to come out. We're really drifting into
a mixture of only a few questions and a lot of statements and advocacy.
We're either going to have focus on succinct technical questions or forego
the round that allows us to have questions before hearing from the public. I
just need to ask everybody to do that. We're now starting to run over on
the meeting. Council Member Schmid, could you ...

Council Member Schmid: To summarize, that's a technical question about
your critical assumption.

Mr. Bobel: Let me just give a quick answer in the interest of time. We
didn't make any assumptions about the water movement. We're making
recommendations based on the concern that there could be effects on offsite
properties. We didn't draw any conclusions, and we've been increasingly
careful not to do that based on the existing studies. The second point I'd
make is that we do disagree with part of what you said, Councilman Schmid,
that all of these studies that we can find, that mostly others have found and
directed us to, don't have differing conclusions about where those areas of
connectivity are. We've looked at them very carefully, and they all are
based on the same data. The BAWSCA study didn't have any new data
derived for the study. It simply used the data from the Water District and
the Todd study, and they all used the same data set. We see nothing in any
of those reports to indicate that there's connectivity up as far as Middlefield,
which you cited. All of the ones that show a map like this show it as very
close to that blue dotted line on the upper edge of the blue hatched areas.
Yes, there's a little bit of people showing different ones depending on exactly
                                                                         Page 42 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
