                         TRANSCRIPT
memberships at a discount, so that they're just included for every employee.
It gives people an incentive to try it out. They may not buy it own their
own, but if they get a corporate membership ...

Council Member DuBois: That starts to make a lot of sense to me.                I'd
definitely want to see that be part of the plan.

Mr. Mello: We could also move to a place where bike share becomes a part
of the development discussion. When applicants are looking at different
TDM measures, perhaps providing bike-share bikes or bike-share hubs
becomes one of the tools in their toolbox for trip reduction.

Council Member DuBois: It looks like we need to get about three times the
usage to get to self-funding, which is a pretty significant increase. Would we
actually go and have advertising on the bikes to help defer the cost?

Mr. Mello: The operating costs that I showed in the table do not include
costs being offset by advertising or sponsorship. If we did secure a sponsor
or advertising, that would reduce our operating cost.

Council Member DuBois: Do they change or are they permanent for the life
of the bike?

Mr. Mello: The advertising?

Council Member DuBois: The sponsorship, yeah.

Mr. Mello: On the SoBi bikes, they have panels on the racks on the front
that are changeable. If you go to the first picture I showed where they have
a map panel, you can have the map on one side, and then you could actually
have an advertisement on the other. They would be changeable as well.
Sponsorship would entail kind of wrapping all the bikes in some kind of
brand, the corporate colors. That's a little more difficult to change, but
those are usually multiyear contracts.

Council Member DuBois: I'll just echo Council Member Scharff. I mean,
Motivate seems very expensive, and they don't seem very interested really
in working with us. Have you talked to San Mateo? Are they interested in
collaborating, create a different kind of network with SoBi?

Mr. Mello: They are. I can't remember off the top of my head, but they
named their system something that's very easily transferrable to ...

Council Member DuBois: It's Bay something.


                                                                        Page 12 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
