                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:     Yes, but they're onsite.        Maybe we have something
(crosstalk)—pardon me?

Council Member Holman: Why not what you just said?

Mayor Burt: "Contributing"?

Council Member Holman: "Natural features that contribute positively to the
site and/or community."

Mayor Burt: Just say "site" because everything's in the context.

Council Member Holman: "Contribute positively to the site."

Mayor Burt: That'll be fine by me. Seconder? Thank you.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Subsection 2, “that
contribute positively to the site” after “natural features.”

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that, both of you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: One last question before we vote. I think we've
changed this rather substantially. What it says in the amendment, Cory, is
"for approval, feedback or changes." If they don't approve, what happens?

Mayor Burt: My understanding is that we would hear back and say Staff
recommends these changes which is not essentially approval or ARB or Staff
could say, "We think this whole thing's bunk." I think a little more likely is
that they would come back and say, "We would recommend the Council
consider such-and-such change from your Motion."

Council Member Kniss: In that case, I can feel comfortable with it. We
really have changed this a great deal. It's quite prescriptive as far as if
somebody comes in and—looking at the back of room—if they come in, this
is a lot to follow. I'd like that same time and plot that you suggested,
Council Member Wolbach. I'd like that time to digest this and see whether
or not there are things in this that red flag when you finally take a look at
them long term. We're discussing something that's going to be around for a
long time. We're discussing something that I think is quite prescriptive. If I
were an applicant and took a look at this, I think the first thing I would do is
hire a consultant to say, "Get me through this so that I can build something
on that piece of land." We're talking about plants. We're talking about the
building. We're talking about the siting. There's nothing we have left out of
                                                                          Page 38 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
