                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: That's correct. Something like that we would not characterize as a
private educational facility.

Council Member DuBois: What would that be? Personal service?

Mr. Lait: Person service is how we'd categorize that.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Hi. One quick comment because it's relevant to
the conversations. When I started looking at these maps, the map isn't
accurate for what was taken out. It's really not accurate.

Mr. Lait: For the ground-floor protection area?

Council Member Holman: Yes. There was much more taken out than what's
indicated on the maps. Just FYI. You can look at former reports and find
that. Questions. Sequencing. I sort of got confused on what was really
intended here. At one place, I think I read where the Staff would come
back—help me if I misinterpreted this. I thought I read that the Staff would
come back at different times with information like they are right now. As far
as implementation and passage, subsequent ordinances would all be passed
at once so we don't leave properties out in limbo in the peripheral areas.
Help me understand what the sequencing really is.

Ms. Eisberg: The California Avenue retail protection ...

Council Member Holman: No, no.

Ms. Eisberg: Just going forward?

Council Member Holman: I'm just talking about the Downtown. Let's keep
it simple, like the Downtown area.

Ms. Eisberg: Just Downtown. Downtown, we're aiming to address now.
That's the framework presented today, Downtown and SOFA II, with the
intent of adopting a permanent Ordinance prior to April 30 when the interim
Ordinance expires. The sequencing that I was referring to is for areas
outside of Downtown.     The balance of the rest of the City would be
addressed through a separate Ordinance or through the Comprehensive Plan
Update.

Council Member Holman: I guess I was not making my question clear or I
was misreading. Staff's made a recommendation about what you want to
                                                                      Page 54 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
