                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Dailey: You're asking if we could use money to fix more leaks than
we're fixing now.

Mayor Burt: Correct.

Ms. Dailey: We can certainly look into that. I would assume we're fixing all
the leaks that we find already.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry?

Ms. Dailey:   I'm assuming that we're already fixing leaks that we know
about.

Mayor Burt: I don't know how many we know about. What's the balance
between the amount of gas that we acquire wholesale and what we sell? I
thought there was a gap between them.

Ms. Dailey: There's a gap definitely. Not all of that is leakage; some of it is
billing errors, metering errors, that sort of thing. Actual leakage ….

Mayor Burt: Have we done—what's the company that—Pissarro has the
mobile monitoring of methane emissions. Have we surveyed how much
leakage we have going on in the community?

Ms. Dailey: Yes. We do an audit. I don't know the number off the top of
my head, what leakage is off the top of my head. You're right. There is
some leakage.

Mayor Burt: I assume that there is some greater effort that we could take.
It may be that on a pure—outside of this issue, we might have one economic
analysis that says for every dollar we spend to detect a leak, we only save
80 cents of gas, hypothetically. When we put it in this context, then we're
saving significantly on greenhouse gas emissions. Methane is 20 percent
times more impactful than CO2 on …

Male: Twenty-nine (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Twenty-nine I'm hearing. Do we go for 30? That …

Female: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry? I'll let people—in the public comments, they'll let
me know the correct number. Let's just say it has a very significant
greenhouse gas impact from any of those refugee emissions. My question
was is there anything that restricts us—under Prop 26, would we be able to
spend the dollars for that purpose?
                                                                         Page 26 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
