                          TRANSCRIPT
Sudha Nagarajan: Thank you for giving me the opportunity to come here
and talk to you today. I'm one of those Eichler people who have a two-story
house already. My kids love the space, I have to tell you. We are
surrounded. I live on Kenneth. I have four neighbors actually around me,
two on Loma Verde side and both sides have my neighbors. No one
complained so far in 20 years that they have lost their privacy because we
have a two-story home. For me, it's like make a fair decision. I think that is
really important. I'm one of those who actually revoke the signature,
because the same thing happened. I signed off, and my husband comes and
tells me, "Are you crazy doing this?" Eventually we want to retire in that
house and then also maybe retire there and also have our kids there, visit,
etc. My policy is live and let live. I think you should consider a fair decision
for the next generation who are coming. Just like we enjoyed our house, I
would see other people also come in and enjoy their homes as well. That's
all I have to say now. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. She Shen to be followed by Jian Zhou. Welcome.

Lisa Kuang: Hi everyone. My name is Lisa. Actually, I'm speaking for my
husband, (inaudible). We both oppose the SSO. I'm here to oppose the
SSO. I just want to be quick because it’s late. The reason is we would like
to have the option open for us, like in the future if we have ability to
improve our house, we want to have the option to have the two-story house
if we can afford it in the future. I just urge the City Council Member please
do not take away our right to improve our homes. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Is your name Jian ...

Ms. Kuang: My name is Lisa.

Mayor Burt: Lisa, sorry. Thank you. Our next speaker is Jian Zhou, to be
followed by Jing Chen. Welcome.

Jian Zhou: Dear Mayor and also Council Member, I'm here against SSO. I
feel like the thing is we don't have enough facts before we actually sign the
petition. That's why there's a lot of people—there's few people actually
withdraw the application. I'm for harmony of the community structures, but
I'm also for the design guidelines just do a simple SSO. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jing Chen to be followed by Carol A. Lin.

Jing Chen: Dear Mayor, City Council and Staff, good evening. I am Jing
Chen. I live in 3320 Thomas Drive. I have one wish tonight. I sincerely
hope that by making a decision one way or another our City Council can
unite the Royal Manor neighborhood, rather than dividing it. The last thing
                                                                          Page 76 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
