                          TRANSCRIPT
and California Avenue but everywhere. It'd also make it a lot easier for Staff
to manage and oversee it. We also should include the basements when
we're talking about areas that are being converted. Basements are being
used as office space in many cases, so that should be part of the conversion
limits. One of the problems that we have is retail in general is in trouble
nationwide. A number of businesses, chains have said they're going to close
their stores. There have been a number of articles in the press about malls
closing up or being endangered nationwide. Some malls can survive quite
nicely, and Stanford is an excellent example.           If you have the right
management and the right combination of stores, they work fine. Also, you
don't have to have retail clusters. You can have very successful stores all by
themselves. If you had an Apple store or an Amazon store—Amazon is
starting to open stores. If Amazon moved into 100 Addison, they'd be a
tremendous success. It's not a question of where am I located. It's a
question of who do I actually get and who are they and how successful are
they. It's not easy, but it can be done. One other thing, you have to have a
cluster of stores. Let me give an example of a store that's surrounded by
offices and does very well, one that some of you may have heard of. It's
called Fry's. I think what you should do is have Staff revise the Retail
Preservation Ordinance, make it apply Citywide, put a strict limit on how you
can convert retail to offices, and bear in mind that when you convert retail to
office, you increase jobs, you increase traffic, you increase parking, and you
lose retail vitality, you lose neighborhood vitality and neighbors being able to
shop locally, and you lose the sales tax revenues. We should not allow
conversion of retail to offices if we can avoid it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Robert Wheatley, to be
followed by Richard Brand. Welcome.

Robert Wheatley: Thank you, Council. I'm the owner of the long-term
ground lease at 999 Alma. I was interested in the discussion that mentioned
fringe area and maybe having it vacant for a year. We definitely check the
boxes as a fringe area for retail. We're five blocks off the core. We are
surrounded by other non-retail uses completely. We've had it marketed for
a year with no interest for a full user. All of 2016, we've been marketing; no
full building user. Anthropologie is a very difficult thing to replace as far as
a destination for a standalone building of a small nature. It's not big enough
to be a standalone like Fry's. The difference between an owner and a non-
owner is that we're not interested in having it sit vacant for a year to see
and test if it's okay. We market ahead of time for a year, well in advance.
That's what we're going to do. 100 percent or 50 percent? We can't find a
100 percent user; perhaps we could find a 50 percent user. We had one
expression of interest in a 50 percent use. What would that do with the rest
of it? It leaves a vacant 5,000 feet on the back alley without any frontage,
                                                                        Page 64 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
