                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Just two comments. That is true. That's the map
that's in the '98 Plan, but the '98 Plan refers to the original map that was in
the '88 Plan. If you look at the '88 Plan, it does not exclude—it has a wider
purview. That's ambiguous, because there's two different references. The
question is why do you pick the one with 1.7? Did the CAC discuss the
ambiguities in the document and the possibilities that the traffic impacts
from the Veterans Hospital, from Palo Alto Medical Center Hospital are just
as significant as from an office?

Ms. Gitelman: I think this Council has over the years pretty consistently
interpreted Policy L-8 as applying to the monitored areas shown in Map L-6.
That's one issue. On the other side, I think the CAC and the subcommittee
of the CAC that worked on this issue thought that they were proposing a
very conservative growth management strategy here, taking the 1.7 million
square feet that's left under the original policy in the nine monitored areas
and applying that going forward on a Citywide basis and to office/R&D uses
only. I think they thought this is an aggressive and in that way conservative
approach to growth management. It would be a way to really control or
limit the amount of impacts associated with nonresidential development over
the life of the Plan. To companion with that measure, which they thought
and hoped would be effective, was this idea of potentially changing some
development potential from nonresidential to residential and a concept of
reevaluating this cap as it approaches, similar to the way the Downtown cap
had a built-in trigger requiring reevaluation when the end was near, when
we got close to the cap. That same approach is not currently present in the
current Comp Plan for Policy L-8, but the CAC and the subcommittee are
recommending it on a going forward basis.

Council Member Schmid: What I hear is that the CAC unanimously thought
that the 1.7 was "conservative"?

Ms. Gitelman: There was a lot of discussion about 1.7, and there is an
option of 1.7 plus some additional square footage if hotel was considered.
Again, these are just options articulated for the Council's consideration. In
the time the subcommittee and the committee had, they felt like this was a
reasonably conservative approach to this issue of an overall City cap on
nonresidential development.

Ms. Costello: There wasn't a consensus on this issue. There were some who
actually did not want any cap at all. It wasn't 100 percent unanimous.
Where there was agreement was to lay out these four options. There wasn't
agreement on that was the perfect number at all.



                                                                       Page 65 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
