                         TRANSCRIPT
have lived, worked and gone to school under threat of eviction since 2012.
These students enrich the education of every student in Palo Alto schools.
100 percent of the Buena Vista students graduate high school compared to
the Silicon Valley 70 percent rate for similarly situated low income Hispanic
families. The Buena Vista families enrich our community. They are our
neighbors and our friends, and they perform valuable work in our homes,
our schools, our restaurants, our offices, all over the City. We urge our
community to come together to support this plan. Signed by Susan Usman,
President of the Palo Alto Council of PTAs. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Erwin Morton.

Erwin Morton:      Mr. Mayor, members of the Council, my name's Erwin
Morton. I've been a resident of Palo Alto for about 35 years. I used to serve
on the Palo Alto PTA Council Board; I was on there for about 20 years. I'm
not there now, but I'm here today as a Vice President of the Sixth District
PTA, which is the umbrella PTA organization that serves and supports Palo
Alto Council, seven other councils, 220 schools in four counties. Like the
Palo Alto PTA Council, we voted sometime ago to support the efforts to keep
the residents in Palo Alto and in their community. You all know that PTA is
not about housing or land use. Some of you may know that we're not about
schools either. We're actually about kids. Not just your kids and my kids,
but our 9.2 million kids. That's what brings us here today. More than 100
of our kids are in danger of losing their homes, their community, their
friends and their schools. Again, these are our kids and a special community
that takes extraordinary care of them. We thank you deeply for your
ongoing efforts to keep our kids in their homes and their community, in our
community, and we encourage you to support the two motions on the table.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Our next speaker is Cybele LoVuolo-Brushman.
Welcome.

Cybele LoVuolo-Bhushan:        That's Bhushan.      Congratulations on the
successful resolution of the lawsuit. I just want to thank you all for your
participation as well as County Supervisor Joe Simitian and the Board of
Supervisors and Winter Dellenbach and residents, Erika Escalante,
everybody who's worked so hard here. It's astounding. It's a wonderful,
wonderful day. The only thing I'd like further to say—without my glasses, I
can't read my writing—is that this vote is, I think, amazing. I think it is—
we're turning a corner in our culture to where we're going to human values.
Thank you and I'm pretty sure you're going to all vote the right way. Thank
you very much.


                                                                       Page 33 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
