                          TRANSCRIPT
Reaching consensus where they could but where they couldn't, try and give
the Council some meaningful choices to focus on. This slide summarizes
some of the areas of agreement. I think even some of these are pretty
significant in terms of the change in how we think about this issue in the
Plan.    The first two, for example, there was this desire to focus on
office/research and development (R&D), which is something the Council did
in the interim annual limit, but the idea was that we have been monitoring
indiscriminately nonresidential uses over time. What we really care about is
office/R&D and possibly hotel. There are other nonresidential uses like retail
that we actually would like to encourage. The committee also reached
agreement on updating the baseline. We've been operating in the current
Comp Plan with a baseline of 1986 for Downtown and 1989 for the balance
of the City. The suggestion was that we use all of the data and the numbers
that we have developed over the years, but for this Comp Plan update it to a
2015 baseline just for the sake of transparency. Also, more of a Citywide
focus and this concept of reevaluating as we go along and potentially
converting some office densities or floor area ratio to residential, reflecting
the fact that a growth limit on nonresidential office space will somewhat
reduce development potential and on the zoning side to do the same thing.
You would convert some office floor area to residential floor area potential.
This next slide just talks about this issue of focusing on office/R&D a little
bit. Under the current Comprehensive Plan, the Citywide cap and the
Downtown cap, we're really monitoring all nonresidential space. If someone
were to convert a retail space to office space, it wouldn't count towards the
cap. Similarly, if someone built new retail square feet, even though we
really, really want more retail square footage, that would count towards the
cap. The committee and the subcommittee gave some thought to this issue
and suggested that going forward we really focus on the nonresidential uses
that we should be focusing on. If you convert from retail to office, it should
count; it should count against our caps if we have caps. Similarly, if we add
new retail square footage, why penalize ourselves? We've done something
that we want to do, so don't count that towards the cap. I think you'll see
that is carried through all of the options as we go on. In terms of the
options, the committee and the subcommittee helped us frame the growth
management options around four separate concepts. One is this concept of
a cumulative growth cap, and that's what this Council familiarly calls Policy
L-8. The other concepts included the annual limit, which is similar to the
interim annual limit that this Council adopted; also the Downtown cap, which
in the current Comp Plan is Program L-8; and the concept that Elaine
indicated about development requirements and community indicators, things
that we're applying to new development or monitoring over time. I have a
slide on each one of these, and there's a lot of detail here, so I'm not going
to go into everything I could. We can circle back to these if needed. In
terms of big picture on the cumulative cap, the committee really identified
                                                                       Page 57 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
