                         TRANSCRIPT
it's directly relevant to how we talk about these Scenarios 5 and 6. Happy
to answer questions about that as well.

Mayor Burt: Let me just make sure we're all clear on the scope of what
you're looking for us to comment on. In addition to the specific scenarios,
we have in the Staff Report a series of tables that summarize related policies
and programs, Zoning Code amendments, infrastructure investment that
would go with different scenarios, and sustainability measures that would go
with scenarios. Are you looking for any input we may have on those aspects
as well?

Ms. Gitelman: I think that would be very helpful to hear from you, whether
any of those tables that you just mentioned contain surprises or you think
are off track in how they suggest that we define Scenarios 5 and 6.

Mayor Burt: In tonight's discussion, you wanted to focus on 5 and 6 and not
what we had ...

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: ... previously discussed once before.

Ms. Gitelman: The parameters for the others have already been defined and
analyzed.

Mayor Burt: I just want to frame things for both the Council and the public.
We're tonight looking at two different scenarios that are different from what
we had received from Staff and what the Council had instead asked for.
What they basically are looking at is the only two scenarios that actually
reduce our jobs/housing imbalance. These came at the initiative of the
Council. The first one, Number 5, is one that has about—you said a modest
increase in housing over the business as usual. My rough calculation is it's
about a 30 percent increase in housing over the business as usual, which
would normally be considered a pretty significant increase. That's 3,546
housing units versus 2,270 at business as usual. I just would say that I
would characterize that as more than modest. Scenario 6 has a very
significant housing increase, more than double the business as usual. In
each case, those two scenarios reduced the number of jobs that would be
grown, really through reducing the growth in both commercial space and
other measures to reduce the rate at which jobs would grow, below any of
these scenarios in 1-4. Without both those measures, we wouldn't be seeing
the significant or moderate reduction of the jobs/housing imbalance. I
wanted to make sure that was understood. There's been a lot of discussion
in the public that seems to have been inaccurate about what the Council has
directed and requested, not only in the Comp Plan scenarios but other recent
                                                                        Page 23 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
