                          TRANSCRIPT
Bret Andersen: Hi, resident of Midtown. I really appreciate the roads of
Ross Road, Louis and Greer getting on the radar for our Bike Plan, because
that's where I spend my time and raise my son. Those roads I use all the
time on a bicycle. They're really important paths to go south into Mountain
View or north in Palo Alto along Greer and Louis and Ross. The other thing I
really like about the plan—I hope you all support it fully as written—is that it
does concentrate on, one, safety to ensure success, but also on removing
the obstacles, that is, stops for cyclists. When you're making the choice at
the margin of choosing bicycling versus driving that car Downtown or to an
errand, a lot of it comes down to how much effort and how convenient and
how enjoyable your ride is. Safety is a concern, but also the number of stop
signs you have to go through, the number of dangerous intersections is a big
factor. When you remove those on a bike boulevard, cycling increases
greatly. If we can put more circles in that don't require stops for cyclists, if
we can investigate the Idaho stop concept, I fully support that. I think it's a
very reasonable way to treat cyclists. Practically, you just can't stop at
every stop sign if there's too many. That's just the way people work. We
have to get into a situation where we respect the interests and the limits
that a cyclist has as the slower moving, safe vehicle and the car being the
one that has to always give way and should always be treated that way in
any intersection, whether there's a stop sign or not. That's my spiel. Glad
to have the last word.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. On that last word, we get to return to discussion
and a Motion. Who would like to go first?

Vice Mayor Scharff: What are we discussing?

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. That's right. At this time, we should have Council
Member DuBois leave, and we have the discussion around Bryant, and then
have a narrow discussion there and then have him return and have the
broader discussion. Correct?

Ms. Stump: That's correct, yes. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: When we do the voting, how do we work that? Do we need to
adopt the Bryant recommendations or can Council Member DuBois return to
vote on the entire package?

Ms. Stump: No. The voting should be divided. You should take up the
Bryant, adopt the plan there. Maybe the Staff can clarify. There's a contract
that needs to be adopted; that should be done, and then some plan work.

Mr. Mello: Our recommendations for this next stage of the discussion is to
adopt the concept plan for the Bryant Street Bike Boulevard, and then also
                                                                         Page 43 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
