                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Karen Bouvier, to be followed
by Linda Marie Santiago. Welcome.

Karen Bouvier: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm Karen
Bouvier, the Manager of Environment, Health and Safety of the Palo Alto
Research Center (PARC). PARC's been in the Stanford Research Park since
the early '70s. Our management, employees and clients highly value this
location. PARC is dedicated to the objective of reducing car traffic in the
Stanford Research Park. We've had an active green team for many years.
This grassroots effort convinced our management team a decade ago that it
would be wise to invest in employees' alternate transportation choices.
We've had a reimbursement program covering public transit, carpooling,
bicycling and walking since that time. I'm delighted to participate in the SRP
TDM working group that Jamie just described. This effort has enabled PARC
to offer our employees additional alternative commute options as a result of
the economies of scale that we couldn't have done on our own. In reviewing
the Draft EIR, we have concerns about some of the proposed traffic
congestion mitigation measures. PARC's cutting-edge research programs
rely on both attracting employee talent with specific expertise and on close
collaboration with researchers from academia and industry. The changing
nature of our projects result in a fluctuating headcount of employees,
visiting researchers and onsite startup companies. The conditional use
permit as proposed could limit our technical flexibility. We're also concerned
that the mitigation measures Trans 1A, which would require a specific TDM
plan for individual new development projects, could undermine the SRP-wide
TDM programs that are providing a smaller company like PARC the benefits
of scale and allowing us to drive down our trip counts. PARC looks forward
to working with the SRP and the City toward our mutual goal of reducing the
number of cars on our streets. The baseline commute mode information
being collected will help us to set quantifiable objectives for that goal.
Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Linda Marie Santiago, to be
followed by Bob Moss. Welcome.

Linda Marie Santiago: Good evening, City Staff and Council Members. My
name is Linda Marie Santiago. I'm a Director in the Real Estate and
Workplace Group for VMware. As I think all of you know, our headquarters
is in Stanford Research Park, a beautiful 105 acres of it. I want to take this
opportunity to communicate VMware's concerns regarding the City of Palo
Alto's Draft Environmental Impact Report for the Comprehensive Plan
Update. We appreciate the City's desire to ease traffic congestion; however,
measures to regulate employee headcount and traffic mitigations contained
in the Draft EIR coupled with the recent proposal to implement a headcount
                                                                          Page 61 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
