                          TRANSCRIPT
has done a wonderful job of engendering relationships with different city
departments. They will come to him and ask for ideas. What can we do
about this? What did the businesses think about that: That would be made
much more difficult and much less—it wouldn't have as uniform a series of
ideas if something like the BID did not exist.

Public Hearing continued to the June 27, 2016 Council meeting.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes public comments. Molly, if the
Council's going to consider whether to either go forward tonight and
conclude the matter or refer it, do I close the public hearing either way or do
I leave the public hearing open if we may be doing this other action that you
described?

Ms. Stump: I think if you're going to take another action, I would suggest
that you keep the Public Hearing open so that we can, when we return,
incorporate any additional comments (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: A couple of things. I wasn't quite following what your
other action was. The other action was to leave the Public Hearing open and
then, if we raised concerns, talk to the BID Board and come back to address
those concerns. Was that the action?

Ms. Stump: Thank you, Vice Mayor Scharff. The City's contract with the
Business and Professional Association includes a provision wherein if the
Council has concerns about the annual report and proposed activities for the
upcoming fiscal year, that there be a stay in the proceedings—it's described
as a stay—to allow an opportunity for the Association to consider the
Council's comments and potentially for the Staff to work with the Association
and come back to Council within 30 days.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just to zone in, is it the activities that would be going
forward in the future that are outlined in the report? Is that it?

Ms. Stump: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Where are those exactly in the report, the activities
they're doing in the future? I saw a list of accomplishments, but I guess I
didn't focus on a list of what we're doing in the future.

Ms. Stump: As I read it—maybe Mr. Cohen can help us—Section 3 includes
a budget for 2016-17.

Mr. Keene: Presumably that starts July 1st. Is that correct?
                                                                           Page 23 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
