                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements.
Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just to report from the Bay Area Water Supply and
Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) meeting. The San Francisco Public Utilities
Commission (PUC) commented that the State Water Board introduced a
suggested 40 percent sustainable flow in the Tuolumne River from January
to June. If that happens, since the SFPUC is a secondary holder of rights on
the Tuolumne, it might affect the flows into the Hetch Hetchy and from
Hetch Hetchy. Their update is due in 2018, and we'll probably hear more
about it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just real quick. I think most of us, if not all of us,
were at the Midtown ice cream social. It was a great event this year. I just
wanted to call out (inaudible) and thanks to Sherry Furman and Midtown
Residents Association. They did a really nice job.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of things. First is that Ezra Rapport
of Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) resigned as Executive
Director. Brad who is the Assistant Executive Director, will be the Acting
Director in the meantime as the merger completes itself with MTC. I think
that's good enough for tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: We did all go to the social. It was lots of fun, and it
was really hot on top of it. The same thing I've mentioned a couple of times
before. The Peninsula Division of the League of California Cities is having
their dinner this Thursday night. It'd be wonderful if more than I go.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Have fun, Liz.

Council Member Kniss: That's what I thought. Marc said he'll come to this
event. The last thing. Because we have discussed it a lot tonight, an
informational report tonight on the TMA business plan. Please take a look at
it. It really does need funding. It really does need to be kept live, gotten
well, grown up and so forth. It will make a big difference in the long term.
I'm not going to make quite the plea that Neilson did tonight, not quite as
colorfully put. It needs our help, and it needs to survive.

                                                                     Page 119 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
