                          TRANSCRIPT
the future—this is going to be really dependent on your comfort level—as
things take shape, come back with an Action Item. We had initially thought
we might do that late in the spring around Earth Day. Our sense based on
the discussions of the last few weeks is that may be a little bit over-
optimistic. It may be that we do this in the early fall, but it really depends
on your comfort level with what kind of decisions you want to make with
what sort of information. Frankly, one of the things that I hope to learn
from this—Council Member Holman to your point about the value of Study
Sessions, it would be very helpful for Staff to understand what you need to
know. What information you need in order to be comfortable making the
kinds of decisions that are before you, so then we can meet that need and
support you in making those decisions. I hope that's a helpful response to
your question.

Mayor Burt: Let me just toss out for our Colleagues—this may be something
that you want to consider. As we've done in some circumstances, we can
have a Study Session followed by an Action Item which would not obligate
us to take action, but it enables us to do so. If we felt after a Study Session
or it looked like we might want to give certain direction, it would have to be
done under an Action Item. We could agendize it in that way. That's
something to consider.

Council Member Holman: Gil, you asked for questions we needed answered.
I put a lot of stuff out there. If you want to attempt some of that?

Mr. Friend: You raised ten points, Council Member, so let me briefly address
them. On traffic, I think your point about no new net trips is a powerful idea
to look at it. It's a measure that has been adopted by some of our
neighboring communities.       It is related to Option Four in the Draft
Environmental Impact Report of the Comp. Plan, looking at no net impact as
a possible guiding strategy. I think what Planning Director Gitelman put
forward there was the option of looking at development that adds no new
energy demand, no new carbon impact, no new water demand, and no new
net trips. It's a powerful idea. It sets strong, clear goals, and it provides a
lot of leeway for innovation by builders and developers rather than being
prescriptive. I think there's opportunity to look at there. Before I go on, let
me just say I think you repeated a number of times the need for holistic or
integrated strategies. I think you're exactly right there. One of the
challenges of this work is that all the pieces connect to all the other pieces.
It's hard to talk about everything at once, so we have to talk about things
one at a time, but we need to recognize those interconnections. We had a
meeting this afternoon, for example, about the Parks Master Plan. One of
the questions raised there was how do we think about parking for the parks
in the world that Stefan Heck was describing. In that world, if there are in
                                                                        Page 70 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
