                          TRANSCRIPT
constructed. Cumulative conditions, which you see here, have existing
traffic, the approved project traffic and then expected growth.            That
expected growth can be forecast either from specific developments that are
anticipated but not yet approved or it can be forecasted using a travel
demand model, for example the City of Palo Alto's travel demand model.
How do we define a transportation impact?            VTA defines impacts for
congestion management program facilities, for major intersections and
freeways. Those impact thresholds are defined in terms of auto level of
service which, as you know, is a measure of delay at intersections or
congestion on freeway segments. Auto level of service is graded between
LOS A, which is free-flowing traffic, and LOS F, which is major delays at a
traffic jam. VTA publishes LOS analysis guidelines—you see the cover
here—to make sure that LOS is analyzed consistently throughout Santa
Clara County. For congestion management program facilities, Level of
Service E is the standard, and an impact is identified when project traffic
decreases level of service from LOS E to LOS F or if the intersection is
already operating at Level of Service F, if traffic would add four or more
seconds of delay. Historically local jurisdictions have used VTA thresholds to
identify impacts to local intersections. In some cases, cities have adapted
those thresholds to their own conditions. Here in Palo Alto, for local streets
level of service is actually set a bit higher than for congestion management
program intersections. Palo Alto set the threshold at Level of Service D, but
it has the same threshold for identifying an impact if the level of service is
below the standards that the City sets. Additionally Palo Alto identifies a few
other ways to understand impacts from new development. That really looks
at a bigger picture than just traffic delay. If there are queuing impacts, if
traffic is spilling back from one intersection to another, if project traffic
would impede the operation of transit, make things unpleasant for
pedestrians or bicycles or create cut-through traffic through neighborhood
streets, that would all trigger an impact as well. Palo Alto's level of service
standards are pretty consistent with its neighbors in Santa Clara County,
Mountain View and Los Altos. However, its neighbor to the neighbor, Menlo
Park, has more stringent standards for local streets. For collectors and
residential streets, Menlo Park has an impact threshold set at LOS C rather
than LOS D. Additionally, adding 2-3 seconds of delay to an intersection,
even if it doesn't drop the level of service below LOS C, would trigger an
impact. If intersections are operating below the threshold in Menlo Park,
less traffic is required to trigger an impact. In Menlo Park, instead of
requiring four seconds of delay to trigger an impact at an intersection that's
operating below the threshold, only 0.8 seconds of added delay are required.
That means that in Menlo Park if an intersection is operating below the
standard, just a few trips during the peak hour can trigger an impact. In
addition to looking at level of service, VTA does require some expanded
requirements for looking at other modes. Note that while this analysis is
                                                                         Page 3 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
