                          TRANSCRIPT
through the process. We could certainly bring back some background
information and some examples to illustrate that discussion at a later date.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd actually like to ask Council Member Holman for
clarification. Your concern is not that if there actually is dry rot, you're in
agreement that it could be replaced, the wood. This is a concern that
there's nothing really wrong with the wood, that people would rather have
new wood. Is that a fair statement?

Council Member Holman: That is a fair statement. I don't want to be
argumentative about this, but I thought we did have a definition of
demolition. It is basically as you had described. I thought it was a definition
that we had. Maybe it's just a practice that we use that as a definition of
demolition. Basically it's two walls.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, if we do have one, then I suggest that
"B" should be modified. Why don't you think about what you're actually
asking for? An updated definition or a more ...

Council Member Holman: It depends on whether we agree or disagree
whether there is one. I don't know. Hillary just said we don't have one.

Ms. Gitelman: There's not currently a definition of demolition that would
apply in this situation you're describing.

Council Member Holman: To answer your question, Vice Mayor Scharff, it's
like no one is trying to, certainly including this Council Member, preclude
someone from making improvements to a home or replace aspects of a
home that has physical deterioration or issues. No. It is literally the
demolition of perfectly good materials, and replacement of those with new
materials, because some people like new construction. They think that's just
the way to go seemingly.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Just one more question. You made a bunch of
statements about this happens all the time in Professorville. That's what I
took out of your statement. I don't want to put words in your mouth.

Council Member Holman:       It has happened regularly in the last, I'd say,
three or four years.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I thought I heard you say. It's happened
regularly. This happens a lot of the time. I guess I wanted some sense of
why you think this happens regularly. What's the basis for that and does
Staff concur? Does Staff agree that this is an issue where we have a


                                                                        Page 72 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
