                         TRANSCRIPT
think, the same thing on trees, it's a minimum penalty of $3,000 not
complying with the C&D diversion Ordinance. It seems really out of scale to
me.

Mr. Keene: Council Member Holman, you're asking about a dewatering fee
as it relates to groundwater pumping?

Council Member Holman: No, not a dewatering fee, no. There's a calendar
in which you're not supposed to allow beyond the calendar date. Then,
there's a penalty supposed to be imposed. I did not find that in here.

Male: Dewatering.

Council Member Holman: For dewatering, yeah.

Ms. Stump: It'll take a minute to look for the calendar. I'm not immediately
recalling where that is. Again, this is just a list of penalty amounts that
corresponds to substantive provisions elsewhere in our Code. I'll answer
your question in part, which also answers your earlier question about truck
routes as a condition. There are two sections here on Page 61, 16.04.050,
violations of the California Building Code, $500 unless otherwise specified.
On the next page …

Council Member Holman:     I'm sorry.   What number was that please?          I'm
sorry.

Ms. Stump: 16.04.050. On the next page, which is Page 63, 18.01.080,
violation of zoning laws. Conditions of approval could be attached to either
one of those, either a building permit or a zoning action. These general
sections would then be used to cite for those violations. The groundwater
permits that are issued, I believe, are street encroachment or sidewalk
encroachment permits. They would be under 16.12. There's a specific one.
We can take a look at it. The permits that are issued are associated with the
building permit process and would be handled in the same way. As you
know, we have a to-do item to come back to the Council for direction on a
more specific set of fees associated with groundwater pumping. That's a
very substantive item. It's not in this Schedule now; it doesn't exist yet in
our Code. That's something that we'll be talking to Council about.

Council Member Holman: One last thing. I missed the number again, the
permits that would have to do with trucks, construction trucks.

Ms. Stump: We'll have to confirm this with Staff, but we think they are
probably mostly issued associated with building permits.


                                                                       Page 36 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
