                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Do we have any technical questions or should we
proceed to three members of the public who have comments? I'll go ahead.
Our first speaker is Keith Barrett to be followed by Esther Nigenda.
Welcome.

Keith Bennett: There's a presentation. Thank you very much for taking the
time to hear our comments. I'm going to comment primarily on the point
source discharge fee. I'll provide you with some information. Let's see.
You're very familiar with the storm drain fund. The only point I want to
emphasize in this slide is that there are no fees for point discharges now,
and that these point discharges are extremely significant. Some of you have
seen a slide like this before. This is estimated calendar year 2015 data. The
blue on the far left is the estimated amount of water that went into the
storm drains from all streets for the entire year. It's approximately 20
million cubic feet. The center one, which is kind of orange is the total from
R-1 residences.      That's based on 16,408 residences at 1 Emergency
Response Unit (ERU).        All of these numbers are based on the actual
measured rainfall at the Rinconada weather station for calendar year 2015,
which was 7.77 inches. One ERU is 2,500 square feet per definition. If you
multiply that by 16,408, you get that number. The City street number,
there's roughly 200 miles of City streets, and most of them are about 30
feet wide gutter to gutter. The final one on the right is the estimated
amount of point discharge from basement dewatering alone. The estimates
from the City last year was that dewatering was 8-10 million gallons per
basement; there were 14 basements. You do the arithmetic. Using 9
million gallons, that's the number you get, which is also just slightly under
20 million. It's like 19 million cubic feet. Now, we have some actual
measurements on basement dewatering this year from the first site that the
City measures the water that was pumped from the ground per the new
regulations. That site is 736 Garland. They started pumping April 1st; I
believe that they will stop pumping tomorrow, is the information that I have.
When I made this slide, I knew that they had pumped 30 million gallons.
The actual number, I believe, is 30,900,000 gallons as of sometime this
afternoon. That's roughly 4 million cubic feet. 4 million cubic feet is 20
percent of all storm water from all of the streets for the entire year of 2015.
It is a very large amount of water. It's also 15 percent of the storm water
estimated from all residences for the entire year of 2015. It undoes a lot of
green infrastructure recharge in my humble opinion. Let's look at the actual
amounts. For that one lot, that one basement, it was 1,600 times the
average amount of water that comes from an R-1 lot in a year. That's based
on 12 inches of runoff per year. I'll let you ...

Mayor Burt: You have a tag team?

                                                                         Page 16 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
