                         TRANSCRIPT
want cooperation from the City, what can you give them in terms of concrete
goals, a means of measuring how you're doing on an annual basis? Not just
reporting to the City "we're doing okay," but "here's the number we have
achieved," "here's how we measure that," "you come in and measure it
yourself if you want to or need to." I think those are the types of issues.
We can move forward and grant you some money now, but I think you
should come back with a very concrete statement on targets, on mandatory
rather than voluntary with oversight, with penalties and with a funding
source that is somewhat equivalent to what Stanford is doing, not to spend
$1 million for a few years, but to commit to spend $2.5 million per year for
51 years. Those are the types of questions that I would have.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I won't repeat anybody else's comments. It's a
question that I have. In the last Staff Report that came to Council in March,
there were comments and questions about the mission statement and
purpose in the executive summary. I don't see any update to those, but
there was some question about accountability, who was actually—what the
outreach was and who was actually serving on the Board, and those sorts of
things. I didn't see any update on those. A lot of the other things have
been addressed here. Congratulations on that and much appreciated, but
those things don't seem to have been addressed, unless I'm totaling missing
them.

Mr. Mello:    There is some language in the agreement, I think, that
references expansion of the Board. I think Sue-Ellen can expand on that for
us. That was directly as a result of the feedback that we received the last
time we visited Council.

Council Member Holman: I didn't notice it. If you can point me to it, I'd
appreciate it.

Ms. Atkinson: It's under 12, under requirements, Section E.

Council Member Holman: Can you point me to a page please?

Ms. Atkinson: It's Page 4 of the TMA Funding Agreement. I do not have the
full packet page number.

Council Member Wolbach: Packet Page 711.

Ms. Atkinson: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Seven what? I'm sorry.

                                                                           Page 83 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
