                          TRANSCRIPT

Mayor Burt:   They're going to address it with the Clerk.     Council Member
Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I would propose for "5c" that the points be
increased to 20 and the wording include more than ten units rather than four
units. If I could ask the maker of the motion.

Mayor Burt: While we're waiting, there's a problem there as it doesn't refer
to the size of the project. You've got a certain number of units. You could
have a 100,000 square foot project and it only has ten units, or a 5,000
square foot project and it has nine units. You'd score the 100,000 square
foot project really well. I think there's a problem there. Or 50,000 or
whatever. There's no correlation between the size of the project and the
number of units, so I've got a greater problem with that.

Council Member Schmid: We could have a sliding scale ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: You have to decide first.

Council Member Schmid: ... which would move from four units for a 10,000
foot project to ten units for a 50,000 square foot project.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry (inaudible) was helping me word this.

Council Member Schmid: It's on "5c;" I'm trying to get mixed use in there.
Increase the number to 20 points available, and right now it says to include
more than four units, and I want to (inaudible) larger number in for
increasing size of projects.

Mayor Burt: In the interest of time, may I suggest something? Rather than
try and put it numerical, because you can't correlate to project size, that
whatever number of points, you just simply say projects will receive more
points in response to additional dwelling units. It's a sliding scale. The more
they have, the more points.

Council Member DuBois: There is an exemption already for self-mitigating
buildings, right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: There is.

Council Member DuBois: I think I would accept something like—yeah. You
say you want to increase the weighting to 20 and more points ...


                                                                         Page 67 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
