                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I was just curious about that one. I think the
report mentioned the increased use of cell phone GPS data and that's going
to help with VMT measurement. It seems like you could track miles with the
GPS. You could also track time to travel. There was some discussion about
the accuracy of the model. With this new data source, do we expect the
accuracy to actually improve?

Mr. Milam: As data increases over time, you expect the accuracy to
definitely get better. One of the things we can do with the data, though—we
do a sample-sized check and verify are we getting a representative size or
sample such that we can draw conclusions from it. That's one of the things
we actually look at when we purchase the data or even before we purchase
the data. It's interesting; we're doing that now for VMT purposes. For a
long time, most traditional traffic studies will collect traffic counts on a single
day for an intersection level of service calculation. It's also a sample trying
to represent maybe a typical year. Realistically you'd need multiple days of
traffic counts to know whether or not you have a representative sample. As
we look at VMT under this new lens, a lot of questions that maybe should
have been asked even about the methodology for level of service are
starting to get asked, which is a good thing because some we're better
prepared to answer than others. The ones that still need a little bit of work
will be areas where we focus our time and energy.

Mr. Mello: If I could just add. We have started to use big data in some of
our analyses. For example, the MTC has a library of all the INRIX, which is
the GPS data from people's Garmin devices. MTC has purchased the
regional INRIX data for the last couple of years. We're able to use that to
actually look at what travel times are along certain corridors. I could see a
future where we maybe get away from level of service and we start talking
about the actual travel times along a segment of roadway or a corridor, and
we're able to look at that at different time periods during the day and see
how specific projects influence that travel time.

Council Member DuBois: With big data, you won't even need the sample.
You could just look at all the data. I saw in here also kind of a new
requirement to consider transit delay impacts as well as trip reduction
impacts. I wonder if there's been much discussion about how those could
interact. It seems like they could impact each other. If you had a TDM that
relied on transit, but your transit's overloaded, are you fighting against each
other? Has that been discussed?

Mr. Milam: That has been discussed. In OPR's technical guidance, they've
tried to walk a very fine line between adding demand to transit generally not
being an impact. That's under the presumption there's capacity available.

                                                                           Page 16 of 120
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 9/19/16
