                            TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Motivate actually proposed to cover the operations of a larger
system, but we did not think it was wise to move right into a larger system,
because the 350-bicycle system is what was modeled to be the most
effective in Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Shouldn't we negotiate this later? If they're willing to
do it, why wouldn't we want to leave open the possibility of having more
bikes and having someone else pay the operating costs?

Chris Corrao, Senior Planner: During the negotiations with Motivate, part of
our goal was to secure the ability to have SoBi bikes operated on the
Peninsula as part of the larger Bay Area Bike Share System. This was one of
the negotiating points for Palo Alto and also on behalf of neighboring cities.
SoBi bikes are a different type of equipment that's being used elsewhere in
the Bay Area region. It's a bit of a risk for Motivate.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm looking at the Palo Alto term sheet here. Could you
just run through—it's a little confusing to me how it actually works in terms
of the advertising revenues. It looks like sometimes we get some of these
revenues or sponsorships, most of the time we don't. That obviously could
be a big number. Maybe if you could just sort of explain that.

Mr. Mello: Do you want me to walk through each row or start with one
particular row?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I just wanted—maybe you can't do it off—a
holistic approach. What happens is on the 350 stations, they get all the ad
revenue on each bike is what I took out of that. We can sponsor some of
the stations, but there's an overall sponsorship. It was a little confusing.
Maybe you could just say it.

Mr. Mello: First of all, we are responsible for the capital investment, 350
bicycles, SoBi smart bikes. Anticipated launch date is spring of 2017. It'll
be a 5-year contract with two additional three year renewal terms.

Vice Mayor Scharff:       Who gets to make those renewal terms?        Is it our
option or is it theirs?

Mr. Mello: I think it would be a mutual—it says mutual agreement.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then it's not an option. Either side can say no.

Mr. Mello: Yes. An important note is this is just the term sheet that we're
bringing to you this evening.      Any items you want us to take into
negotiations we can certainly do that. If there's anything that draws your

                                                                       Page 87 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
