                          TRANSCRIPT
2006, we would like to think about the existing 45 units and what might be a
concept for developing this property further. Cal Park Apartments enjoys
access to the Park Boulevard bike corridor as well as the year-round farmers
market, the neighboring parks and all the grocery, restaurants, cafes. We
think it's a terrific site. We've spoken to our current residents, and they
agree that there is a local housing crisis. There's an opportunity here in the
pedestrian transit-oriented development to think about new ideas for Cal
Park. Per our current thinking and recognizing the need for housing for the
special needs residents in this area, we think that this is an opportunity at
the Cal. Ave. site potentially for developmentally disabled individuals to find
housing here. As you have heard, there is a need in this area per the
comments from parents in the local area, Housing Choices and Ability
United. Since the PC zoning is not currently available as it was in our
previous projects like Tree House, Oak Court and Alma Place, we really
appreciate your feedback on how to add to this property within a pedestrian
transit-oriented development overlay. We noted that the Grand Boulevard
Initiative as well Palo Alto's Comprehensive Plan and the Housing Element
support diversity of affordable housing options, particularly along transit
corridors and nearby public transit opportunities.

Ms. Gonzalez: To end our presentation, again our goal is to address the
local housing crisis and to somehow move forward with deeper community
engagement to try to find a solution. We would appreciate your feedback.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return to the Council. Just so folks know,
Study Sessions are primarily focused on a dialog between the Staff or in this
case the presenters and the Council. We typically have public comment
toward the end. What we might do is break it up and have a series of
questions and dialog and hear from the public, and then allow us to return
and have some wrap-up comments to the Housing Corp., if that sounds good
enough with everyone. Who would like to kick off? Council Member
Berman.

Council Member Berman: A couple of quick questions before I make some
comments. Brief comments are good for this round, I'm assuming.

Mayor Burt: Yeah, go ahead.

Council Member Berman: You guys are soon to be under construction for a
project in Mountain View, and you're looking at a project in Redwood City.
Are these the first projects you guys have done out of Palo Alto or is that ...

Ms. Gonzalez:     Yes, they're our first new construction projects, new
development.
                                                                         Page 5 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
