                         TRANSCRIPT
have a whole bunch of the posters out in the lobby into the Council
Chambers for everyone to see. I hope you had a chance to enjoy them.
The entries will also be featured in the FEMA children newsletter. The City
would like to commend all the students who spent time learning about
emergency preparedness and conveying their messages in creative and
artistic ways. The winners are—Ken and Annette will be announcing the
names, and I'll be joining you.

Ken Dueker, Office of Emergency Services: As the Mayor comes down
before we announce the winners, I want to introduce who we have here at
the dais. We have Annette Glanckopf. We have Divakar Saini, and we have
William Coon from FEMA. I'm going to have, before the Mayor starts,
Divakar just introduce himself and say a little bit about his invention.

Divakar Saini, FEMA Youth Council Member: Hi, everyone. I'm Divakar
Saini. I'm a high school student here in Palo Alto. I'm part of the FEMA
Youth Council. I organized the poster contest this year with the support of
Mr. Dueker, Ms. Glanckopf as well as Mr. Simon. I'm very thankful to all my
mentors who have helped me. That's about me.

William Coon, FEMA Region 9: Hi, I'm Bill Coon. I'm from FEMA Region 9,
up in Oakland. I'm the Community Preparedness Officer. I just wanted to
say thank you so much for participating in this effort. It's fantastic to have
seen—I got to be one of the judges, so getting to see all the submissions. It
was fantastic to see what youth focuses on in regards to preparedness. It's
a great thing that you guys have highlighted. Thank you.

Annette Glanckopf: Last but not least, I just want to say congratulations.
We have such wonderful budding artists in our City. I'm just delighted to
look at every single one of the photos. Again, thanks to everyone out there
that participated and wasn't a winner. The good news is we'd like to do this
again next year. Sharpen your pens or pencils and get ready. Again, thank
you for all your hard work and your beautiful artwork. Hopefully we'll be
able to see the art on some of the future Emergency Services handouts and
presentations. Thank you again. With that, we would like to read out the
names of the winners, and maybe you could join us for a group photo. We
are going to start with Grade 1.

Mr. Dueker announced the winners.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to our next items. We have Agenda
Changes, Additions and Deletions. We have none before us tonight.

                                                                        Page 3 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
