                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The committee would not be getting asked to determine
whether we would do Downtown parking fees. The Council will be having
that decision coming forward with the comprehensive Downtown parking
analysis in the coming months. The committee would be receiving whatever
that direction is. If the Council says we want to move forward, and there's a
budgeted amount that's anticipated that would be income for other
Downtown purposes out of that, then this committee would be able to have
those number of dollars that would go into problem solving.

Council Member Holman: I thought it was the other way around. I thought
this group was going to be considering the Downtown parking.

Mayor Burt: No. There's nothing in anything we read. That's not been part
of the discussion.

Council Member Holman: I took it in ...

Mayor Burt: It wouldn't be something I'd want ...

Council Member Holman: I took it from comments that were said.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I like the framework of a commitment to an
outcome and commitment to funding. I think it's important that it be set
with an overriding goal, something like single occupancy vehicles down by a
third. It should start with existing trip reduction. You might say take the
RPPs that are appearing throughout town now and use that to indicate a
number which should be resolved. It then creates an incentive. If you can
deal with the RPP discounts that are needed, you then get the incentive of
new jobs, additional jobs. There'd be step-wise progress of show us this
works, and then the rewards are increases in square footage. I think the
RPP is important to start with, because it's not just parking, but it's also the
eight, nine intersections that have been identified as moving toward "F."
Most of them are along Page Mill and Oregon, which is directly tied to the
Stanford Research Park. First step, show us you can do it. Show that these
work. Second step, the incentive is then you can get new jobs.

Mayor Burt: if I could response on the RPP. I certainly think that the RPPs
are great drivers toward trip reduction, but they are only a fraction of the
trips generated in the City. I don't want to put them as the primary focus.
If we're really talking about trips throughout the City, it's really ...




                                                                        Page 102 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
