                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Greg and I don't always concur, but I think those
comments were particularly good. We are in an incredibly dynamic situation
as far as retail goes, as far as office goes, whatever we may be discussing.
I've forgotten how many stores Macy's closed within the last two weeks. I
think it was 160. I don't know about the rest of you, but my kids think
Amazon is just part of their everyday life. That's just been 10 years in the
making. So much is now just delivered to your doorstep. It may be coming
by truck now; it'll probably come by drone at some time in the future. What
we're looking at tonight is a very long-term issue. While we may be giving
you some guidance, to Hillary and Jonathan, I think at the same time we're
very early on with this. I think this needs to be so fine-tuned. What has
just been described by you, Greg, as the definition of retail is just that. It's
a vital area of your community. I do see that there are some options for
100 Addison, also for 999. At the same time, I don't think they're the same
kinds of options you're going to find in that Downtown corridor. When I
stood there on Sunday at noon, it was absolutely jammed with people
coming and going, wherever they might be going. When I went by, with all
due respect to Richard Brand who's probably left by now, when I turned onto
Addison tonight, primarily 100 Addison was being used as a parking lot for
people who are going into Anthropologie, which is by the way having a 40-
percent off sale, if any of you are interested. They're going to be empty as
well. There may be some good retail uses for both those areas. I don't
know, but I think they're going to have to be altered from what we currently
think of as retail. Maybe a type of school. I actually think schools,
especially a school that might be a tutoring or might be teaching martial arts
which has become very popular lately, something like that is the kind of
thing that we should be looking at for those outlying areas. In the core, you
have certain things that are expected. Also I'd reflect on what Cory said. Is
Stanford Theatre kind of a dead zone in the middle? Can you imagine us
getting rid of Stanford Theatre? That just wouldn't happen. It's retail. It is
retail. If you had a street full of theatres, it would be a pretty quiet street. I
think tonight—what I'd really like to do is hold a lot of my thoughts in
abeyance. This is going to evaporate essentially on April 30th. Between
now and then, probably sometime in the next few months depending on
who's sitting here, there will be a long discussion of what the ordinance is
going to be and what it protects. Those are my comments for now. I think
it's been a very thoughtful kind of evening. If there was one thing I would
leave with this is your core is going to be quite different from your outskirts.
We very carefully need to look at the SOFA area and what the anticipation
was back then, when two of you in particular were very involved with it. It
still doesn't look to me as though areas along El Camino should be held to
the same standard as the Downtown area. Thanks. Alma. Did I say El
Camino? No, I meant Alma. It's now 10:35 P.M. ; that's probably why.

                                                                          Page 79 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
