                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: For Number 3, are you really looking for us to decide
what to do with the money now? I would think you'd want to sell them and
come back to us.

Mr. Perez: The way the Motion was structured by the Council then, the
Council would consider any additional amounts. Obviously we don't know
what they will sell for, assuming it does sell. It could be premature to make
that call, but that was the way the Motion was structured in 2007, that the
Council consider any additional amount.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just have a question for Mr. Berkowitz and Council
Member Holman on this. If we receive more than the $300,000, that money
needs to be used for rehabilitation of historic property, is that correct? The
Sea Scout building is already rehabilitated. What are our choices here? Our
choices are you can use it on Avenidas, we could use it on other things. Is
there a commitment to using it for the Sea Scout building in past history? If
the money's over, was that the thought behind it? Is that what you're
asking for us tonight? If so, how would you use that money?

Mr. Berkowitz: I believe that ongoing maintenance of historic resources is
included in acceptable uses of TDR Funds. Council Member Holman, is that
correct?

Council Member Holman: I don't recall that being in the Ordinance. It's for
rehabilitation costs. I don't recall it being for maintenance.     It's my
memory. I don't have the Ordinance in front of me, but that's my memory.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just come back?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, we'll come back on that at a later time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you need something in the Ordinance that says
come back to us at a later time if there happens to be excess funds? Why
don't we just put that in there?

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, are you good with those changes?

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return to
Council at a later date regarding sale price and the use of any excess
funding above $300,000.” (New Part G)

Council Member Wolbach: Actually, can I just ask a question about the
Amendment? I didn't weigh in before. To "D," suggested by Council
                                                                            Page 24 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
