                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:      Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion Part C, “in nearby ground floor districts.”

Ms. Stump: Mr. Mayor, may I make a comment? In some of these details,
Council may be getting into actually designing the potential RPP district.
That really isn't fully before you tonight. It gets ahead of the Staff process
that's contemplated by the ordinance. To the extent that Council wishes to
offer some ideas that the Staff should consider, I think that works.

Mayor Burt: Actually I think the language says including determining how
many permits should be—that's asking Staff to determine that.

Ms. Stump: Part of that is going to be making distinctions between different
types of workers. We have already a program, and we've vetted it and
established that there can be a means test, income test.

Mayor Burt: I don't think this narrows that. It just says Staff needs to come
back with essentially their recommendations. They determine how that
should be broken out.

Ms. Stump: We will have to look at whether it can be broken up like that in
addition to the quantity.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I actually don't want to accept nearby ground-floor
districts. I just didn’t understand what that means. Why don't we just say
personal service and retail in California Avenue. It doesn't have to be the
street. That's too prescriptive.

Council Member DuBois: I think it's called the Cal. Ave. ground floor retail
district.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what you mean by nearby the entire California
Avenue retail district? Yeah, that's what (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: I was trying to generalize. Yeah, I think we're
being clear that it's not the same as Downtown which included office
workers.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, but that's why I already have that retail and
personal service workers. That's clearly not an office worker.

Council Member DuBois: It's fine as it is. I was trying to generalize it for
Edgewood Plaza.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you (inaudible) your amendment, I need to change
mine, because that makes no sense to me. I would say "if Crescent Park
                                                                      Page 112 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
