                         TRANSCRIPT
our infrastructure. I would make an amendment that we leave the hotel at
$20.37.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't know. Was it friendly?

Council Member DuBois: No.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd rather have you weigh in.

Council Member DuBois: No. I'd (inaudible).

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to add to the Motion, “retain Hotel fee at $20.37 per square foot.”

Mayor Burt: I want to try to encourage us to limit debate on what are fairly
small differences. Council Member Holman, were you wanting to speak on
that? Why don't you go ahead?

Council Member Holman: Just very quickly. This is so inconsequential.
Remember what Palo Alto has is a zoning bonus for hotels that other
communities do not have, to my knowledge.

Mayor Burt: That's right. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think we're kind of playing this on both sides. On
this one, I think Staff, Finance Committee, PTC all agreed on $30. On one
hand, we're saying these fees are not determining factors in projects.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not saying that.

Council Member DuBois: On the other hand, we're saying we are. What
we're doing is we're eating away at our affordable housing fees by lowering I
said I think what we're doing here by changing some of these numbers is
we're eating away at our affordable housing fees, where the difference
between $20 and $30 is not going to determine whether a hotel gets built.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm going to reluctantly support the
amendment in this case. I do think that there's an interest in not going all
the way up to the feasible level on any of these. I think we all understand
the reasoning for that. I hope we won't go all the way to the feasible level.
Something below the feasible level is important, and that's what's offered
here.
                                                                        Page 71 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
