                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Not accepted by the—where are they? Where's the language—
other than us going back through the original Motion and finding those
needles in the haystack, where's the language that the Council Motion
adopted and has subsequently been deleted?

Ms. French:     They were in reports to the ARB and Planning and
Transportation Commission.

Mayor Burt: How about to us? I mean, it's not showing us what we
previously had put in and has now been taken out.

Ms. French:     I think Attachment B does—that's the Planning and
Transportation Commission Staff Report, I believe, with all the attachments
thereto.

Mayor Burt: Where?

Ms. French: Attachment B. I don't have the Packet Page number.

Mayor Burt: I've got B is the Council proposed Findings annotated to show
Council revisions. What we have here omits or changes a number of those
without telling us that they were changed.

Mr. Lait: I'm looking in the Staff Report to see ...

Mayor Burt: The ones that appear to have the most significant wording
change—I don't know whether it has substance change—is Number 2. If you
look at what's on Page 312 of the Staff Report, which is this Attachment A, is
that what you were referring to?

Mr. Lait: Packet Page 312 has got the ...

Mayor Burt: You look at Finding Number 2. What's there versus what's in
this ...

Mr. Lait: On 305.

Mayor Burt: ... handout.

Mayor Burt: I'd refer to the Staff Report on Packet Page 305 as to the
Findings that are proposed. You're right. There is a little bit of going back
between the attachments. Perhaps we could have done a little bit more in
the Staff Report to explain what areas were deleted. It certainly wasn't an
effort to hide the ball on that. We've got links to all of the discourse that
took place at all of the meetings.

                                                                       Page 92 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
