                         TRANSCRIPT
constituency than ownership housing. If you believe that, then that would
be a strong argument for a lower fee or no fee. If you believe that it's
aimed at a market-rate clientele, then you may take the view that the same
fee should apply for ownership and rental. I think that was the most
vigorous topic that was discussed at that meeting.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We can now return to the Council for questions of
Staff before opening the public hearing. Does anyone have any questions at
this time? Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I had a question, Hillary, on one of the changes. I
tried to read through this massive amount of information on this Item.
What's the impact of the deed restrictions being no longer than 55 years?
What was the thought behind that?

Ms. Gitelman: That's a great question. It came up with a lot of emphasis at
one of the PTC's earlier meetings. It really only has a bearing on when
alternative projects are proposed. If someone proposed rather than the
inclusionary requirements onsite or paying the fees, what they'll do is put
their money or dedicate land towards an all affordable housing project, 100
percent affordable, and that project uses tax credits, then anything longer
than 55 years would constrain the ability of the project to use tax credits.
We put that in the Ordinance. I can probably find the section for you.

Council Member DuBois: It's not to imply that a longer—I guess we
currently have 95 years. Is that right?

Ms. Gitelman: It's just so the deed restriction would be less than 55 years.
That's where we—maybe Cara knows. Page 699.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: The Ordinance is drafted in a
way where the deed restriction shall be for 99 years; however, it can be
reduced to 55 years for tax credit projects at the Council's discretion.

Council Member DuBois: We're hearing that's needed to fund the projects
themselves. Kind of a general question. The study was done about a year
ago. Why did it take so long to come to Council? Why did it go to PTC three
times?

Ms. Gitelman: As the Council Members are aware now having waded
through this, it is a complicated set of policy questions. The consultants
made some recommendations, but they're only recommendations. This
really becomes a policy decision based on the City's view of these land uses,
your assessment of our own fee structure and other jurisdictions, where you
want to set that. It did take a couple of meetings at the Finance Committee
                                                                        Page 41 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
