                          TRANSCRIPT
gravesite in Colma.    Under optional enhancements or something, can
something be done to transfer his name in some appropriate way to the new
project? That's why I'm here, to implore the Council to not forget the work
it did in 1989 and in some way remember my father in the new project.
Thank you for hearing my petition.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
David Moss.

Herb Borock: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. My first
comment has to do with the Google contribution that was raised by Council
Member DuBois and Mayor Burt. I recall the first letter from Google which
set conditions. That was made available to the public. I don't recall seeing
the second letter that changed that to an unrestricted contribution. I think
that will be helpful for the public and the Council if that was included in the
next packet. Of course, I don't know how soon we're going to be seeing this
item on your agenda again. It'll be clear to everybody that there are no
conditions to the contribution. If there's anything in writing that it's okay
with Google, but it doesn't have to be okay with Google if it's an unrestricted
contribution, then I would support what Mayor Burt suggested as an option,
which is that it be applied to the base project funding so that it goes against
and is part of the $4.65 million from the City's contribution. Google is the
main beneficiary of this bridge. It connects Google's campus, properties on
East Meadow to its properties in Mountain View. The City's already done a
substantial amount of investment to make the area on East Meadow
attractive for Google to then purchase the properties, the East Meadow area
plan, an extension of the fiber network and installation of dark fiber access
point at East Meadow. For Google, it'll be a bargain of $1 million out of the
$13 million. I would think their share of the $13 million should be much
more. In regard to the issue Council Member Kniss raised about the County
funds, at the bottom of Packet Page 74, it refers to the $8.5 million and that
Stanford was awarded $4.5 million, which means we were awarded $4
million as part of our joint application. Then, we see $4 million at the
bottom of Page 75 as the Santa Clara County Recreation Fund. My question
is, is that our $4 million share of the $8.5 million or is that $4 million from
the Stanford share. In other words, we spent our $4 million on other
projects. I think it would perhaps answer the question that Council Member
Kniss raised as that money to sort of describe which pieces of that $8.5
million are shown at the bottom of Page 75, showing a source of $4 million
from the County. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is David Moss, to be followed by
Jeff Saunders.


                                                                         Page 67 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
