                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A follow-up on that. On packet Page 84, Page 2 of
the Staff Report, it says planning fees—the fees we're talking about
tonight—do not impact property maintenance. If you're not moving outside
of the footprint of your house, you're doing a roof, a wall, a floor, a heating
system, piping, windows, whatever, that is not affected by these fees. Is
that right?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct. We had this conversation at the Finance
Committee meeting. We're not talking here about building permit review
fees. If you file an application for a change to your house or remodel that
doesn't need an IR or another planning entitlement, it will not be covered by
any of these fee changes.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Let's return for Motions.

Ms. Gitelman: Mayor Burt, I'm sorry to interject. We're still researching the
question that Council Member Kniss raised and others have raised about
appeals of IRs. Although we talk about these like they happen all the time,
they happen twice a year or less. I believe that a neighbor can request a
director's hearing, which is the fee that we talked about which is over
$1,000. I believe the same person can later request an appeal and would
pay the $200-something. We're still reviewing that, and we'll clarify it
before you're finished.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Without wordsmithing my Motion, I'll lay it out
there. I think we should clarify the appeal fees with a person bringing an
appeal or requesting a director's hearing to pay $280. I would like the
neighborhood preservation zone to be considered a City function and not a
fee, if it's what we think it is. I think we should continue to subsidize
daycare use permits at the current fee level.

Mayor Burt: Do we have a second? I will second it.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to adopt
a Resolution approving the specified changes to the Planning and
Community Environment fees based on the Cost of Services Study with the
following changes:

A.    Clarify appeal fees; and

                                                                         Page 28 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
