                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

4.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Discussion Regarding Development of a
     Fifth Scenario With an Improved Jobs/Housing Balance for Inclusion in
     the Environmental Impact Report and the Overall Project Schedule.

Mayor Burt: We can now move on to Item Number Four, our single Action
Item tonight which is the Comprehensive Plan Update, a discussion
regarding development of a fifth scenario with an improved jobs/housing
balance for inclusion in the Environmental Impact Report (EIR) as well as
discussion of the overall project schedule. Director Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Mayor Burt and Council Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined by Jeremy Dennis. We're thrilled to be here this
evening to talk about some real planning issues. We're going to talk about
the Comprehensive Plan Update (Comp Plan Update) in two ways. One, the
Council's requested an examination of a potential jobs/housing scenario.
We're going to talk about that. Then we're going to talk about the overall
process and schedule for the Comp Plan Update at the end. I have a bunch
of charts and graphs. I'm going to try and keep this moving, and we can
always go back if you have questions about specific slides. First, our goals
for this evening. We wanted to provide you with some background on
existing and possible future relationship of jobs and housing in Palo Alto and
the region. We tend to express that ratio of jobs and housing by looking at
jobs and employed residents. We'll talk about that in a minute as well. We
want your guidance this evening on a potential goal or objective related to
the jobs/housing balance for inclusion in the Comprehensive Plan Update;
also, the potential policy levers that could be used to accomplish that goal;
and the potential inclusion of a fifth scenario in the Environment Impact
Report (EIR) process. Finally, we'd like to discuss any desired adjustments
to the schedule and the process as it's been laid out thus far. Before we get
started, just a few notes. The first one says the obvious, I think. The data
you use for some of these calculations is really important, and projections
are only projections. We're looking backwards in time here. We're looking
at the present. We've used the best data we can find from the census, from
Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG), from other sources for that
examination.      Going forward, we've tried to use the best available
projections, but projections are inherently uncertain. We know they're going
to change. In preparing for this evening's conversation, I looked back at the

                                                                          Page 9 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
