                              TRANSCRIPT
                d.    Economic and social benefits of a healthy urban forest; and

     ii.        Determination of whether a single source contract is the best
                method to contract for Palo Alto's tree care; and

     iii.       The cost benefit ratio of maintenance (average $19.00 per tree
                cost vs $5.82 in benefit is returned for every $1 spent); and

B.         Such a plan should be presented to Council prior to consideration of a
           contract in the 2018 budget cycle.

Mr. Keene: May I—go ahead and read it, please.

Mayor Burt: City Manager Keene, did you want to ...

Mr. Keene: In addition to the Clerk, it would be nice if we got these
ourselves. I'd go ahead and do this, but I see this as a potentially very
significant expansion of the work plan. We're not just talking about what the
cycle is for our existing work. In addition, we have an Urban Forest Master
Plan that would be more appropriate to look at in that context as to what
extent these kinds of issues are being considered. Where are we with the
Urban Forest Master Plan anyway? Just adopted it?

Mayor Burt: Let us just read this.

Council Member Holman: After people have read it, I'd like to respond to
City Manager comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, you want to speak to your second?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. I just went down and spoke to Karen about
this. Karen, if I understand you, this is to move the actual amount, not to
exceed, for the pruning and removal services. The rest should include—
you're saying this is subject to Council review and approval pending this.
You see that one—I don't know if this goes to the bottom or not. Is "B" the
end of it, I hope?

Council Member Holman: "B" is the end of it, yes.

Mr. Keene: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: What I just established—Karen, if I'm wrong, tell
me—was that anything below approval pending is to be looked at and
determined what the actual cost would be.



                                                                           Page 76 of 80
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/28/16
