                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Mr. Keene: On what subjects?

Council Member Holman: I don't have the numbers exactly in front of me,
which ones are Police. I know Animal Shelter is one, but I don't know that
that's Dennis.

Mr. Keene: We can handle that.

Council Member Holman: There he is. Animal Shelter, if we can find that
somewhere. Number 7. That's a yellow.

Council Mayor Burt: I think our Chief has been feeling the burn.

Mr. Keene: Better than the Fire Chief.

Council Member Holman: Cash is here as well. The Animal Shelter is
yellow. Can Staff give a little bit of an update of why that is yellow as
opposed to green? I know the Request for Proposal (RFP) was just reissued
and responded to a second time. I thought we were moving forward. I
know yellow doesn't mean we're not moving forward, but can you explain
why it's yellow as opposed to green?

Mr. Keene: I think the main reason—Dennis can chime in if he wants—is
there's still some uncertainty.       We put out an RFP.         We had three
respondents. Ultimately we got down to one viable respondent. We're both
in the process of negotiations of whether or not we can successfully conclude
a contract at the right price with the right objectives and level of service that
the Council was interested in when we went down this road. We can't
definitely speak to where we'll be on that right now. That's why we thought
it was important to put a little caution flag up.

Mayor Burt: That's as much an uncertainty yellow as it is a timing yellow.

Mr. Keene: That's correct.

Female: Maybe we should have had an orange yellow (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: Yellow in this case is not a de-prioritization.

Mr. Keene: No.

Council Member Holman: It's just that you still have some details to work
out with the one respondent that was selected as the best respondent.


                                                                         Page 44 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
