                         TRANSCRIPT
the environment. Other folks had mentioned do you want to have a good
quality standard of living. Again, people smarter than me, people with the
data. I'm happy to help in a volunteer capacity. I'd like to hear and see my
children's teachers be able to live here too. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Cheryl Lilienstein, to be
followed by—is it Amy Ashton?

Cheryl Lilienstein: Good evening. I'm here as the President of Palo Altans
for Sensible Zoning. What we see is that the Draft Environmental Impact
Report (DEIR) shows that none of the four scenarios results in a Palo Alto
that improves life for residents. All four scenarios result in unavoidable and
significantly more traffic and pollution.       I'm grateful that you are
entertaining another scenario. What we would like to see in this fifth
scenario is a focus on a scenario that improves traffic and pollution problems
as a precondition for providing slow housing growth for specific categories of
people. Those people are the people who, under present conditions, will
never be able to buy here, typically defined as middle class, the clerical
workers, City Staff, middle management, trades people, low-income
workers, service workers and small business owners. I just want a heart-felt
alignment with the two of you who spoke before me. We would like to also
include seniors living here who don't own their houses or who still have
mortgages yet want to retire, and the homeless. It's important that we deal
with the greenhouse gas emissions, because none of the scenarios that are
presented offer a mitigation that actually improves our lives. We are looking
at a declining system. It looks as if the 3:1 jobs to housing ratio is really
kind of a proxy that we're not actually talking about what are the
environmental effects of having three times more people coming into our
City every day. Those effects are we will have ever more pollution and
every more traffic. That's the problem, I believe, we really need to solve.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Amy Ashton to be followed by Nisar Shaikh. Nisar
Shaikh to be followed by John Kelley. Welcome.

Nisar Shaikh: Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity to share my
thoughts. In 1978, when I came here from Chicago, I was told proudly that
we have only two tall buildings. I think one on Palo Alto Square and one on
University Avenue. The congestion, both foot traffic and car traffic, then it
used to be only on the Stanford University. Now we are talking about more
growth. Two scenarios come to my mind. One, we could be like Beverly
Hills where tourists will be driving around showing the houses of rich and
famous. In Randy Komisar's book, it talks about Portola Valley where in the
morning expensive cars go out and beat-up workers' car come in. Palo Alto

                                                                        Page 33 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
