                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It's one thing for her to review it. Upon review, if the action is
to make sure certain aspects of it are going before the CAC and the Comp
Plan, is that what would meet that or are you proposing something else?

Council Member Holman: I'm not sure, until I get some feedback, whether it
should be on this list or if it should just be ...

Mayor Burt: Then we'll move on.

Mr. Keene: What I would just say real quickly, what I heard is if it's the
former on those two, Hillary can do it. If it's the latter, it's potentially a red-
listed project when we bring it forward.

Council Member Holman: My first question was how some of these integrate
with the Comprehensive Plan. They're listed as separate projects here, but
they're really, I would think, integrated with the Comprehensive Plan. How
do we red/yellow/green these if they're integrated with the Comprehensive
Plan? Micro units being maybe one thing.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Council Member Holman: Hillary, answer the question please.

Mayor Burt: That was more of a comment than a question.

Council Member Holman: No, it's a question.

Ms. Gitelman: Maybe you could give me an example of where you think
something is integrated with the Comprehensive Plan.

Council Member Holman: Micro units was one. Parking studies related to
housing was another. Just to give you a couple of examples.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we talk about the fact in our memo on housing, that
micro units is a significant work effort unless we're talking about a single site
as a test pilot. To do a Downtown-wide look at how to incentivize micro
units, or elsewhere in the City, that is a significant effort that we would talk
about in the Comp Plan in terms of policies, include a program and include
those into the scenarios that we're analyzing in the EIR. To actually get it
done, it's not going to be feasible before the Comp Plan.

Council Member Holman: Lastly, at the Finance Committee we talked
about—I actually suggested a $200,000 contingency for you to help get
some of these things done. The suggestion came back from Staff, from your
department and the City Manager's Office, for a $500,000 contingency. Do
you want to speak to that just a little bit, so the people who aren't on
                                                                           Page 71 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcropt: 5/31/16
