                         TRANSCRIPT
people in our organization. I would say this. Remember a couple of years ago
when we did this estimate, I actually went through and we identified 66 people
in our organization who are the folks who worked on all of the stuff that
matters to the Council. It's just a fact of life that we don't have 1,100 people
working on this. We've got 66 when we did the count a number of years ago.
Actually when we went through the Budget cutbacks, at one point it had
dropped down to about 55. I'm assuming we're around 75, but we're actually
doing a count. We obviously can't pull off one of our water, gas, wastewater
repair people to work on the TMA policies and that sort of thing. The fact is
that the two Staff people I have in this graphic versus the nine or ten below,
that's about the right average ratio of the amount of folks that we have to work
on these important initiatives. The real critical issue we have for our Staff and
for you all being able to be successful is the same issue that you have for
yourselves individually, which is there's 24 hours in a day, seven days a week,
and there's no more capacity than that. We have that for each person. My job
is to make sure that we have enough people allocated to the projects and we
can manage that in an effective way in the coming year. I will just tell you that
over the past couple of years, our productivity has increased, but we have Staff
turnover.    We have not been very formal or accountable for how we're
reallocating our time from one situation to the next which really leads to the
fact that there are many times the Council can say to me why are we behind
schedule on an issue. I can say let's see, the two people we had working on
that, one of them left for another job or we reallocated people's time to
something else. We don't have a process for really being open and transparent
with the Council about our capacity to do that. I feel that we have an
obligation to be able to do that and to develop a process for managing the work
plan. The thought here is that you have a lot you want to accomplish already.
We start to look at it. There are many, many things that will come up during
the year. We need to, on the Staff side, be able to report to the Council more
specifically what it is we do. We've got a challenge here. There is a puzzle in
our capacity to be able to deliver on things. On the bottom right-hand side,
there's a question of managing scope. This is an issue for the Council. You
have two main roles: one is policy and the other is oversight. I would argue
that there's no substitution for your policy role. I mean, you can't really
delegate that to the Staff. I mean, we can do research for you, but you
ultimately set the policies. To the extent that you spend time in oversight of
what it is the Staff is doing, it takes away from your policy role. In truth, it
generates extra work for the Staff. It's a necessary role, but how we modulate
the balance between policy and oversight, I think, is something we've got to
get a better handle on. Scope, there are project adds. There are new additions
that come up or there are do-overs that take place. When we bring an item
back to the Council, if you think we haven't looked at it completely enough or
you want to expand it, in many we send it back, we're doing it over. I do think
we need to find a way where we have more clarity about the scope. The
                                                                         Page 56 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
