                         TRANSCRIPT
Member DuBois over here that a school is a school whether it's private or
public. If there's kids there, it's a school. Another that sort of jumped out
at me was the Hamilton one, which is right out here in front of us. One of
the characteristics of that one is the speeds there are really slow too. It
doesn't seem like a speeding, radar kind of thing. There's probably other
stuff going on out there. People trying to park or make an illegal turn or
something like that. I don't know. Let me ask one question. I noticed one
of the segments in here that there wasn't data on was the Middlefield section
from Willow Road to University. I think that was outside the study. Is that
right?

Mr. Mello: There were 36 segments done in 2014.           That segment was
certified in 2014 at 25 miles an hour.

Council Member Filseth: Do you happen to know offhand what the accident
rate there was in comparison to the rest of these?

Mr. Mello: We're doing a very detailed collision analysis right now as part of
the community-driven process around that project. I can get with you
tomorrow and give you that data if you'd like.

Council Member Filseth: I was just curious how it factored in with the rest of
these.

Mr. Keene: We'd send it to the whole Council.

Council Member Filseth: Zeroing in a little bit. I thought the PTC discussion
of the limits and enforcement go together. I thought that was really
seminal. I think that's very much right. I think that's an issue. If we're
going to raise speed limits to enable radar enforcement, the other piece of
that is actually doing the radar enforcement. If we're not going to get there
anytime soon, then what sort of problem have we solved here? I wanted to
ask as you guys looked through this, is there any sense of sort of priority
buckets for these? Is there an A set, a B set and a C set? Is there a small
number of really urgent ones or is it a pretty large number? How does that
all break down as you guys looked at this?

Mr. Mello:      There's the community priorities which, I would say, are
Embarcadero Road and Middlefield Road, particularly Middlefield Road south
of Oregon Expressway. Those are the segments we hear most often about.
Of course, Charleston and Arastradero but we have an infrastructure project
that's going to address a lot of the issues on that corridor. I think the
collision rate and a more deep dive into what particular types of collisions
are happening on maybe the top five segments would be a good way to start
the prioritization process.
                                                                         Page 37 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
