                         TRANSCRIPT
or so. There's no undoing our emissions. Once the deed is done, there is no
going back. What do we need to do? Among other important activities, we
need to replace our existing energy and transportation infrastructure with
our electricity-based infrastructure with the energy coming almost entirely
from renewable resources. The challenges are significant, but we believe
that Palo Alto can make huge strides toward significant de-carbonization in
the next 10 years. Palo Alto is a perfect storm for addressing climate
change.      We have a high educational level.          We have very high
environmental awareness. We're economically advantaged. We have a long
history of environmental action, and we have our own utility. Perhaps more
importantly, we have a huge head start. Our carbon neutral electricity is a
unique building block that provides a solid foundation for the electrification
of devices that consume fossil fuels. Please consider this. If not Palo Alto,
who? In essence, the S/CAP is providing a structured portfolio of strategies
that we can pursue to de-carbonize. It's not really a detailed, actionable
Plan, but it gives a sense of what kinds of approaches can contribute
towards solving this issue. What is really crucial at this point in time is to
pick a goal and a timeline for achieving that goal. We back the Staff
recommendation of setting the goal to be an 80-percent reduction from
1990 levels by 2030. We would like to see a vote on that either tonight or
very soon. We need a goal and a timeline in order to start sensible and
reasonable planning activities. By the way, this timeline closely aligns with
the current recommendations of the climate scientist community. Will we
ever have a 15-year plan? Of course not. If we don't hit the goal in the
prescribed time, is it a failure? Of course not. Will the City be sued or held
liable in some way? I don't see how. We believe that City government can
play a key role in this transformation by educating, encouraging and
cheerleading the entire community to become engaged in transformational
activities that will drastically reduce our impact upon the climate. We urge
you to set a goal and a timeline tonight so that we can start the process of
forming detailed and robust plans. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Catherine Martineau, to be
followed by Mark Roest, I believe. Welcome.

Catherine Martineau: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members.
Good evening, City Manager Keene. Thank you for having us here tonight.
It's exciting. I want to talk mostly about something that has already been
mentioned by Council Member Holman and Ms. Dellenbach.             I'm here
representing Canopy as well as I am a member of the Urban Forest Master
Plan team. We would like to see more about the natural environment and
especially the role that the urban forest plays in climate action. Trees
contribute directly to climate action in two ways. I have some numbers
here—it's going to be very short—to tell you to give you a sense. Of course,
                                                                        Page 36 of 93
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/18/16
