                          TRANSCRIPT
Department to investigate, it needs to be clearly stated what kind of units
these are going to be. I agree that a 2,500-square-foot unit can be divided
into smaller units. Perhaps it would be good to have meetings with the
people who feel like they are disenfranchised by the expensive housing to
see what type of units they actually would appreciate building. This would
provide you additional information as to how many units and what size and
where they should be, etc. The other thing is I wonder if there's any data as
to how these traffic mitigation plans or TDMs with business are actually
working, because traffic seems to be a lot worse. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Randy Popp.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good evening again. I'm Shani Kleinhaus, and I'm on the
CAC. I do not speak for the CAC. I think the best solution right now is to
stop the EIR process, to consider continuing the studies you're looking for as
a planning study, not an EIR. A planning study would be better to provide
the information with visuals, statistics, all the things that the public needs to
be able to understand and you need to understand. It's not as legalese as
an EIR, and it doesn't require that the public comment or it doesn't ask the
public to comment. An EIR is a legal document. You're starting one now;
comments are due in June, and then another one is going to be released,
and then again we have to, if we want to have anything to say about the
EIR, go through that whole process again. It's unfair. It takes a lot of time
to work on an EIR. Sometimes it costs money if you want to employ
somebody to help you. It's unfair to us people to do it twice within about 6
months or a year, and especially people who care about the community to
be on the CAC. I don't know anyone on the CAC that's had time to read the
EIR at this point. That's the main thing I wanted to say. The studies that
we're talking about here should be in a planning study. That nice book
should be changed, the name on it. That's very easy, and then you add
another scenario and an EIR comes later when its ready, when you have the
input in front of you from the CAC. You're discussing here things that the
CAC is struggling with. You're going to make decisions potentially tonight
that we—we're working on them for so long, and we have things that we
would like you to consider when you make the decisions, whether it's height
limit or whatever, there are several things here. Don't you want to listen to
what the CAC has to say about it before you direct the EIR to study that? I
think there is something very wrong in the process at this point. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Randy Popp to be followed by John Kelley.

Randy Popp: Good evening, Council. I often wish I could join you at these
meetings in order to add my voice to the community discussion. I have a
busy family with three children between the ages of 17 and 12. My wife and

                                                                         Page 79 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
