                          TRANSCRIPT
Staff requested Agenda Item Number 11 be continued to March 28, 2016.

At this time Council returned to Agenda Item Number 12.

12.   Comprehensive Plan Update: Housing Sites and Programs.

Mayor Burt: We'll now return to our discussion on housing.       Next is Vice
Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, may I just interrupt.

Mayor Burt: Yes. Sorry.

Mr. Keene: I apologize. Excuse me, Mr. Vice Mayor. The Clerk's Office
informs that actually just as a public hearing if we're going to pick a date,
we need to do that tonight while the meeting is going on. I would
recommend that we do carry this forward to the meeting on the 28th, next
week.

Mayor Burt: All right. Then this item is continued to March 28th.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Item Number 11.

Mayor Burt: Item 11. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I guess I'll comment on the San
Antonio Road sites. Whereas, they're not bad sites for housing. The issue is
that they will actually create quite a bit of traffic and will have impacts on
the community. Whereas, if you move those housing sites to Downtown, for
instance, I think you could eliminate those impacts to the community,
because they'd be much closer to transit, and you wouldn't have to have a
car. I think you have to have a car if you live on San Antonio Road. I think
we should move those housing sites to Downtown or possibly California
Avenue. I think what we need to do, though, is I'm willing to move forward
on some of these items before we finish the Comprehensive Plan. I think if
we do so, we should do so in a very moderate and pilot-type project. I
really want to see what the fifth scenario looks like. I want to see how we
can reduce impacts to the community, because that's what all the speakers
are concerned about. What I don't want to do is to go approve a lot of
housing, and let's watch all the traffic. All the things we talk about in the
community, about reducing traffic and making Palo Alto a more livable place,
we don't want to undermine all of that. We want to do this in a smart way
that doesn't do that. I think part of that would be moving those housing
sites from San Antonio Road and maybe building micro units Downtown.
                                                                       Page 81 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
