                         TRANSCRIPT
Update Community Advisory Committee. This item's been continued from
August 15th. Welcome, Director Gitelman.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Mayor Burt and Council Members, Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I'm joined by Elaine Costello and Elena Lee. You are familiar with
the process we are engaged in to update the City's Comprehensive Plan. It's
a three-pronged strategy with the Council, the Community Advisory
Commission and the Staff activities happening concurrently. The middle
prong is the Citizens Advisory Committee. They've been working incredibly
hard to provide you with draft work products for your review, like the
Transportation Element that we're going to talk about this evening. Tonight,
what we'd like to do is share the draft with you; answer any questions you
have on the updated schedule that we've provided; and see if we can't get
from the Council some big picture input on this draft work product, so that
we can bring it back at a later date to address any comments you have this
evening. The CAC, as I mentioned, has worked incredible hard, many, many
meetings as a group and as subcommittees. They recommended the draft
you have before you unanimously at their June meeting, recognizing that it's
a draft, still going to need some editing going forward. It was, I think,
significant to us. We had all anticipated there would be a majority opinion
and a minority opinion on multiple policy issues like there will be on land
use. In transportation, the group just kept at it and reached consensus on
the draft you have before you. The Element uses the vision statement that
the Council refined and directed. It also uses the organizational system that
the Council recommended with two changes.            One is that the traffic
congestion goal, which is Goal 2, was moved up. When the Council talked
about this originally, I think that was at the end of the list. It was just so
interrelated with some of the other topics that it moved up on the list of
goals. The other change is the goal related to the airport the CAC decided
they would defer to the Land Use Element. You'll see that in November
when the Land Use Element comes to you for discussion. In terms of the
themes of the Element, I hope you had an opportunity to read through. I'm
sure you'll pick up on the fact that many of the themes are quite
recognizable from the current Comp Plan Element. Some of them are
newer. For example, we've carried forward the theme of reducing reliance
on single occupancy vehicles. That will not be a new idea to anyone who's
familiar to our current Comp Plan. We also have a lot of support for transit
and first-mile, last-mile solutions. Some of the terminology is maybe
different, but I think again that theme is carried forward. We've talked
about in this Element a phased approach to addressing parking demand. I
think that was kind of a new concept that took a lot of work on the part of
the committee. The idea was that today we should be meeting our parking
demand, but in the future we hope that all of our efforts to shift modes, to
                                                                       Page 89 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
