                          TRANSCRIPT
and our Office of Emergency Services are planning a sandbag pickup day in
mid-December in order to assist the elderly and physically challenged with
loading bags into vehicles. More information on this event I'll share and will
be announced elsewhere in the next few weeks. If you have any questions,
you can call Public Works, Public Services Division main line at 650-496-
6974. We did want to announce, even though the funds sort of shrink year
to year, there are Community Development Block Grant funds available from
the Federal government. Applications are available for the Fiscal Year '18
and Fiscal Year '19 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program
years. We expect to distribute locally about $500,000 in funds from the
Department of Housing and Urban Development for programs in those fiscal
years. Eligible projects include public services, economic development and
housing rehabilitation projects.        The application deadline is Friday,
January 6, 2017. Applications are available on the City's website under the
Community Development Block Grant page. With the passage of Santa
Clara County Measure A on November 8th, a $950 million bond will provide
funds for affordable housing throughout the county. $700 million will be
targeted to the most vulnerable populations including supportive housing for
homeless residents. $100 million will be designated for low-income families.
The remaining $150 million will be for first-time homebuyer programs. The
details of the funding application process are still to be worked out. Our City
Staff will stay on top of this process. We anticipate funds will be available by
the fall of 2017. Important news travels fast. It's possible that the Council
has already heard what the City Staff learned this afternoon, that Stanford
University submitted its application for a new General Use Permit or GUP to
Santa Clara County earlier today. While it will take some time to review the
details of the application, we understand the proposal, if approved, would
extend the GUP to the year 2035, would allow more on-campus housing as
well as academic facilities. The proposal would also maintain the existing
campus footprint and preserve the cap on commute trips by automobile.
Stanford will be presenting its proposal at a community forum to be held
January 25, 2017 at 6:00 P.M. at the Mitchell Park Community Center and is
tentatively to present to the Palo Alto City Council on Monday, February 6th.
Santa Clara County will also be scheduling an environmental scoping
meeting sometime early in the new year. Just got to love local government.
Due to an ongoing problem related to birds roosting on Embarcadero Road
directly underneath the Caltrain tracks, our City's Public Works Department
will be cleaning the site extensively over the next few weeks and installing
bird netting commonly used to deter birds from roosting on the structure.
Embarcadero will be closed from Emerson to El Camino Real on the nights of
November 28th-30th, December 1st and December 5th-8th. The road along
with both pedestrian walkways will be closed from 10:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M.
on those dates. Detours will be in place during the closures. We anticipate
there will be some noise related to the cleaning, which we'll try to keep as
                                                                          Page 52 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
