                              TRANSCRIPT
not do anything, I think, is a disservice. Even getting to 63 percent is not an
easy thing. I want to also reiterate a point I made before. If we shift to a
vote, we need to understand what that means. That's a very different
process than a petition. To pass a tax, General Fund's 50 percent, a specific
tax is two-thirds. Maybe that's the right number. If you have a CC&R, it's
50 percent. If you don't, it's two-thirds. I think we need to give that some
thought. I think the thresholds change kind of with the method. To
reiterate what Council Member Holman said, I think what we heard was a
fair amount of alignment around Eichler values, just disagreement on the
ability to have a second story. I think more importantly we're kind of using
guidelines and zoning interchangeably. I think there's a difference. I mean,
I think this needs to be enforceable, and I think it needs to be Staff efficient.
Clear rules like Cupertino, where a decision could be made versus a review
process which is potentially costly and time consuming. I will attempt to
make a Motion, trying to incorporate what I heard from my colleagues. It's
two parts. The first part, Council directs Staff to return to Council with an
evaluation of an Eichler zone or strengthening our IR Guidelines to require
Eichler compatibility where appropriate. Depending on the context of the
lot, it may provide allowance for: (a) second stories; (b) adjustments to
setbacks; or (c) possibly other accommodations. An interim SSO in place for
a year to come up for renewal if the Eichler zone discussion is not
completed. Again, I'm trying to just say that there's an interim SSO until
this is resolved. If there's a better way to say that, we can change it. There
was a second?

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to:

A.         Direct Staff to return to Council with an evaluation of an Eichler zone
           or strengthening the Individual Review (IR) Guidelines to incorporate
           Eichler compatibility where appropriate, and depending on the context
           of the lot, make allowance for:

      i.        Second stories; and

     ii.        Adjustments to setbacks; and

     iii.       Possibly other accommodations; and

B.         Adopt an interim Single Story Overlay District (SSO) for one year to
           return for potential renewal if the Eichler zone discussion is not
           completed.

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to this briefly. Again, I was trying to
listen to everyone's comments. Again, I think because they went through
                                                                           Page 68 of 135
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 5/2/16
