                          TRANSCRIPT
SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED:                    Council Member
Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois to continue this Agenda
Item to a date when Council can consider updates to the Single Story
Overlay (SSO) process or allow the neighborhood to decide if they would like
to exclude the Ross Road properties and/or Louis Road properties.

Mayor Burt: I'll just state that that is further indication of confusion that we
have over the process. Let's vote on the Substitute Motion. That fails on a
6-3 vote with Council Members Schmid, DuBois and Holman voting yes.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION AS AMENDED FAILED:                    3-6 DuBois, Holman,
Schmid, yes

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Kniss to deny the request for a Single Story Overlay (SSO).

Mayor Burt: Now we'll return to the initial Motion. Unless we have necessity
to debate that, I see no lights. We can vote on the board. It's to deny the
request. That passes on a 6-3 vote with Council Members Schmid, DuBois
and Holman voting no.         Thank you everyone for participating.     We
appreciate that these are difficult decisions and no single, simple answer.
We hope that going forward we still have mechanisms, either alternatives or
moderately soon to be included new tools and revisions to the process that
will provide some additional approaches. Thank you all.

MOTION PASSED: 6-3 DuBois, Holman, Schmid, no

Mayor Burt:

12.   Review Options and Provide Direction for Citywide Bike Share System
      Operated by Motivate, LLC and Finding That the Project is Exempt
      From Review Under Sections 15061(b)(3) and 15303 of the California
      Environmental Quality Act Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: We will now continue to Item Number 12, which is review of
options and provide direction for a Citywide bike share system operated by
Motivate and finding that the project is exempt from review under CEQA.
Mr. Mello, welcome.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official:      Good evening, Mayor,
members of Council. I'm Josh Mello, the City's Chief Transportation Official.
I'm joined to my right this evening by Chris Corrao, who's the Senior
Transportation Planner working on bike share. We've also invited this
evening Ryan Rzepecki, who's the founder and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
of Social Bicycles a/k/a SoBi, and Emily Stapleton, who is the General
                                                                         Page 72 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
