                          TRANSCRIPT
guess maybe that's part of the prioritization process, what can we actually
afford. Are you guys going to be coming back? Are we really looking at like
a tradeoff between building new bathrooms versus acquiring new parks
pace? Is that the kind of thing that you're going to come back with?

Ms. Schmid: Yes. All of these project and program ideas, we're assigning a
magnitude of cost to those. We've developed ranges both on the capital
side and the operational side, so that you can kind of see the bang for the
buck. There might be some things that in the short term you can easily pick
those off. You may wish to commit to something that's long term and more
costly because it gets you bigger benefit in the long run. That's where we're
getting to at this point and where we'll be coming back to you to find out
your opinions on how you make those tradeoffs. You do have a limited set
of parkland, a limited set of resources. Every time somebody came to the
PARC or before Council and said we want one of these in our park system,
pretty quickly you'd run out of space and money and people would be
elbowing each other aside. Those tradeoffs are very important.

Council Member DuBois: I don't know if this is in your scope. Are there
opportunities for corporate sponsorship of gyms, buildings? We have the
Arrillaga swimming pool in Menlo Park. Could we get Google basketball
courts or Pallantir quidditch fields? You get the idea. I think based on the
sustainability discussion we just had, it's worth calling out some of the
sustainability benefits of the ecosystem. There's carbon sequestration in
trees; cooling. Gil had ecosystems in there and talked about some of those
benefits. One of the things that also came out was community gardens. I
think one of the Acterra winners this year is a company that's doing rooftop
gardens on business buildings where they actually use the produce in the
cafeteria. I like the principles you guys have. I thought it was clear. I like
the priorities. I'm looking forward to seeing the draft Master Plan. Thank
you, guys.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Just to remind everybody to try to be as succinct
as possible, because we're running late. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for the Report. A couple of
comments and questions. Picking up on something that Council Member
DuBois brought up. I think this is a conversation that we'll obviously have to
have with the School District, but I'd be interested in at least exploring how
we could phase out our primacy in the middle schools athletics program. It
seems that we might be moving to a place where that's no longer the
appropriate role for the City. That's something we can explore with the
School District. Mr. Lee brought up Foothills Park which, as I mentioned
earlier, is the first place I always take people when they're visiting from out

                                                                       Page 101 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
