                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: You're talking about 2014.

Council Member Holman: No, it was before that. We did this when Sid and
Yaiway were on the Council. I don't want to argue that. It's not productive.
I'm just saying I think we had a little bit different process. I think the
recommendations didn't necessarily all come from the Committee. I think
there were full Council discussions. As Greg said, the CAO Committee
discussions and recommendations should have gone. I just think there's
been some kind of a gray area here about who does what, what gets
discussed and determined by the full Council as opposed to what is done by
the Committee. That's my point. Not to say somebody screwed up or
somebody overlooked this or that, that's not my point at all. We did need to
have a clarified process and system of authority. I support the modified 360
if you think it's really best to do it every other year. There are reasons to do
that, but I think it's critical to finding out what's really going on in the
organization, especially given as Council Members we can't and should not
and do not hopefully get involved in day-to-day operations. It's really the
only way we have as "Board Members," I guess you could say, to know
what's going on with Staff and how the leadership is managing. I agree with
you, Deb, that I actually don't think that the Council survey is actually—I
think it could stand some improvement too. I think some of the questions
almost seem duplicative. It's like what does this mean compared to that.
We don't talk about some of the major, critical things. One of the most
important things that any of the CAOs do is manage Staff Reports that come
to—the Staff manages Staff Reports that come to Council. We don't in any
way, shape or form grade Staff Reports or give comments back to CAOs on
Staff Reports and the quality of the work that their departments are
producing for the Council.         Those are the public documents and the
documents that the public uses to make decisions. There are other things
that go along with that, but that kind of thing. I think there's some
improvements that could be made to the survey that goes to the Council
about the CAOs. Agree with you also that open-ended does tend to—for the
employees—for the modified 360, open-ended does tend to—I don't know
why this is. Having been involved in both sides of this for a number of
years, it does tend to generate the negative. I think the questionnaires, the
surveys should be not trying to elicit positive and negative but can focus on
things that you want to be strengths or expect to be strengths and maybe
tease out also what the lackings are. I think it can be more fair and not just
such an open-ended kind of questionnaire or a leading in positive or
negative questionnaire. Do you want all these at once?

Ms. Figone: That's fine.

Council Member Holman: Is it okay?
                                                                                       Page 8 of 20
                                             Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                               Transcript 11/16/16
