                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It's not like we're raising rents, and then next year
it's just a full year's rent?

Mr. de Geus: No.

Hamid Ghaemmaghami, Real Property Manager: Also, I'd like to add that
Avenidas will move in too, so we are kind of projecting that rent revenue
when they move in as well.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Did you say of the potential tenants that Friends
of the Palo Alto Library (FOPAL) had wanted more space but couldn't pay
more rent? Is that right? Did I understand that correctly?

Mr. de Geus: That's correct. They offered no rent.

Council Member Holman: Now they're paying $1.31, is that right? It's what
the Staff Report says everyone's paying, $1.31.

Mr. de Geus: I think that's right.

Council Member Holman: How much money a year does FOPAL donate to
our libraries?

Mr. de Geus: I don't know the number. I don't know how much that is. I
know it's ...

Council Member Holman: If Leesa is going to speak, maybe Leesa has an
answer to that, perhaps.

Mayor Burt: Not at this time.

Council Member Holman: I'll leave it at that for the moment. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I wanted to follow onto Council Member Schmid's question
about how the School District demographic projections impact their decision-
making as it relates to our joint use plan for Cubberley. Given that, at a
high level, I think they switched demographers around five years ago, I
think. The previous demographer had generally underestimated school
growth projections for the better part of the previous 15 years. The current
one has been overestimating it until now, and they're making an
adjustment. They have their future projections going up. Given the poor
track record of their demographer and how much it affects our community
                                                                     Page 17 of 100
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/26/16
