                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, speaking to the substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman: It has to do with both actually. The substitute
motion, this is also three year contract. You said there's a—what was the
phrase you said? An indemnification period?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Our standard contract includes an ability to
terminate the contract on a certain noticed period at the discretion of the
City Manager. We have a non-appropriations clause that's required for all
public entities in California, but we wouldn't need to utilize it to stop the
contract. The City Manager could do that.

Council Member Holman: On any basis whatsoever?

Ms. Stump: Yes.

Council Member Holman: If that is the case and presuming that—trusting
that these other issues will come forward as part of the Urban Forest Master
Plan—I feel like saying this. I'm sorry. I don't mean to be catty about it. I
just wrote the Motion right before we came to the meeting, and we got this
at places. We didn't either one give either one of us notice. Just to be fair
there. I can support the substitute Motion given the clarification about us
being able to ...

Male: Are you going to withdraw your Motion?

Mayor Burt: She doesn't need to.

Council Member Holman: I can just support the substitute. If that's okay
with Council Member Kniss?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, that's fine.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Since the City Manager had the proposal in his
memo, are you comfortable with the $300,000 from the Budget Stabilization
Reserve?

Mr. Keene: Yes, Council Member Schmid. Just to remind the Council where
we are. We have had some increased estimates in the closing for fiscal year
2016 that were above even our estimates a little bit earlier in the budget.
Right now what we would have in the Budget Stabilization Reserve is $2
million above the 20 percent level, which is the top end of the range of your
policy between 15. We would be drawing $316,000 out of that for this year.

                                                                       Page 79 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
