                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Just one.

Council Member Filseth: I have just a couple of comments.

Council Member Kniss: Questions.

Council Member Filseth: I can make a couple of comments too, right?

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry. A couple of the speakers brought this
up; Ms. Beattie was one of them and so forth. First, I'm going to quote my
colleague, Council Member Wolbach, from last week. Residents have waited
long enough. I think a couple of people brought up the point that residents
didn't cause this problem. In fact, this is a step that the City Hall, we, our
predecessors here on Council should have taken a long time ago. This
problem has been developing over a long time, exacerbated by a lot of
under-parked construction in the Downtown area, pretty much ignoring the
growing parking congestion in the neighborhoods.              The Professorville
neighborhood has been howling for this for almost a decade. I think waiting
on this problem to do this—other cities around here did this. Waiting on this
allowed it to get worse and worse. There's sort of a sense that at this point
maybe it's too big to fix. It isn't too big to fix if we have the will to fix it. I
think it can be done. The other thing I wanted to comment on was the point
that Council Member Kniss just brought up, which is sort of the magnitude of
what we're talking about with the rollback here. In terms of number of
permits, you're talking about three, four percent. If you look at physical
inventory of parking spaces between the neighborhood spaces, the
Downtown spaces, the garage and the lots, there's about 9,600 of those;
200 out of those is a couple percent. If you use the Staff's estimate that not
every parking permit gets used every day, you're really talking about
between one and two percent. We're talking about a few percent per year.
That doesn't include all the private parking spaces Downtown which we
haven't talked about at all in this process either. It's hard for me to believe
that the commercial sky is going to fall on a couple percent per year
reduction in parking capacity for a few years, particularly if we've only sold
1,500 permits so far. We authorized 2,000, so in principle it's going to take
a couple of years even to get down to the point we do that. I think we need
to do that. There's been some dialog that we need to go out and get some
more data, it's premature, we need to do more analysis and so forth. I'm
going to go back to my colleague's statement from last week. I think
residents have waited long enough. With that, can I make a motion or do
we ... You get to talk, of course.


                                                                            Page 45 of 66
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 2/23/16
