                          TRANSCRIPT
parking. We're going to have to look at the cost of parking as it relates to
some of these goals that the Council has set. I don't think we've said this
enough; I really think that the Council has shown great leadership on this
whole subject. We wouldn't be here today; we wouldn't have formed an
independent TMA but for the Council's Colleagues Memo and the direction to
us in early 2014 to get moving on this thing and get it done. Thank you to
all of you.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks, Director. Nice to see this moving forward.

Mayor Burt: I just wanted to touch on a few things. First, it sounds like we
really don't have a model of a cost per trip reduction that would get us to
the objective of the 30 percent single occupancy vehicle reduction. That's
really what we're aiming for. At the same time, I want to commend the
Board and the folks who have been involved in getting this off the ground.
It shows a commitment that we have. It's showing the foundation for what
we need to do to get to where we want to go. My sense is that a couple of
things have gone on. One is that there has been a certain premise on the
scale, the pace and the funding that were made by the consultants and the
steering committee and others. Actually, since the Council last saw this over
a year and a half ago, there's been no feedback loop at all. We haven't
heard anything about it. This is, frankly, one of the reasons it's here
tonight; some of us have been saying we just haven't heard anything about
this very important program. What's coming back is an initiative based upon
certain premises and a good program intention based upon those
assumptions that it's going to be limited in its funding, it'll be limited in its
scope. I've heard you speak about potentially expanding the geographic
area. Those responses were not about whether the City would decide to do
that, but whether the TMA would. I consider these to be important policy
decisions that would be principally by the City. We empowered and created
the TMA; we're funding it principally. If we're going to look at additional
areas, those are going to be City decisions as much as they will be the
nonprofit.     I think it's very important to tighten up that whole
communication and feedback loop. I also think it's very important that this
be a more open process. I understand some of the pros and cons of each of
these things, but I think it does need to be more open. Ultimately, I want to
understand the cost per trip avoided and compare that to alternatives, not
only the things we can't readily quantify of the quality of life impact of both
spillover parking in neighborhoods and traffic congestion, but actually those
things that we can. We have a prospective one or even, it was thought of,
two new parking structures Downtown that would be funded by the City out
of the General Fund dollars or infrastructure dollars that we've set aside.
Those are very expensive, and I want to see what are the cost comparisons
of avoiding the demand versus adding parking supply and structures. Now,
                                                                          Page 62 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
