                          TRANSCRIPT
zero second. 0.8 is what Menlo Park has, but we could go to zero. By the
way, the State (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I don't hear a second.

Council Member Holman: CEQA has gone to Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT),
but I think the Council has made comments about ...

Mayor Burt: You're speaking to a motion that has not been seconded.

Council Member Holman: No, I'm speaking to a comment that Hillary made.

Mayor Burt: You offered a motion; we didn't get a second. Let's move on to
Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. I think we're way, way down in
the weeds here. We may be below the weeds with the gophers. I agree
with the City Manager that I think this is one of the most fundamental and
important decisions we've had as a Council in our tenure of this Council. I
think this is going very much the right direction. We're talking about
objectives. I think the appropriate thing is to give Staff very broad direction
on this as opposed to trying to engineer something in great detail. There
are basically three axis here, three levers to pull, job growth, housing
growth and mitigation. We've asked Staff to see what they can do to try to
minimize impact on quality of life. I think that's entirely appropriate. The
one thing that I would comment on that is I think this is really, really god
stuff and really important stuff. This Council has asked for a quantitative
dimension to this discussion to supplement what's been, up until now, a
qualitative and even at some level religious discussion about where we
ought to go. I think this is really good. It adds a dimension that's very
valuable. The lesson from this is that all four scenarios make traffic,
pollution, all kinds of things worse. Furthermore, it's very clear that the
least impact of all these things comes from Scenario Two, the slow growth
scenario. The most impact, if you discount Scenario One which is sort of
tied, the most impact actually comes from Scenario Four which is the full on
smart growth model. The lesson from that is that the negative impacts
follow growth, and that no amount of mitigation can fully mitigate those
things. That is what this study says. As we talk about this, we talk about
the discussion we're having as how do we enforce mitigation and so forth. I
think there's a trap here. Mitigation, you don't want to have it be a buzz
term like clean coal or something like that. I realize I probably just made a
lot of enemies in the fossil fuel business. Mitigation is not a have it all card
that forces you not to make choices. I think the answer to this is we are
going to have to make choices. You can't mitigate it all. That's where the
levers are going to come. I think we need to give Staff the flexibility to
                                                                          Page 67 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
