                         TRANSCRIPT
about this question is there are best-in-breed software today like software
that supports human resource processes that can help to guide us in how we
work. They've already been designed to support best practices. Rather than
us telling the software how it should work to support maybe our less efficient
processes, we could take advantage of those. For example, the recruitment
to retirement set of processes that go with HR. I don't know, Jim, if you
wanted to add anything.

James Keene, City Manager: No.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. One of the things—Council
Member DuBois, I think, touched on this too—is it's the interface. There
may be some things that definitely are better, more efficient to be managed
outside. Payroll's a great example of that. It's always going to be, as it is
with anything, a balancing act. There are some things that can't be done
outside, that just can't be. Just always being able to bring any of that
information in so that there can be reports applied here when we need
information, even including payroll. One of the questions I have—actually
it's a recommendation I would have—is when you're looking at what can be
done externally and what can be done internally and how those work
together, I would really strongly suggest that there be a strong interface
with the City Auditor's department. I think we can all quickly recognize why.
It's because that's where the deficiencies sometimes get highlighted. I'm
thinking of one with inventory at the Municipal Service Center (MSC), for
instance. Rather than having those done by discovery, let's incorporate the
City Auditor in how and what we're looking for in establishing a new system,
a new software. Does that make sense or do you have any concerns about
that?

Mr. Reichental: I don't at all. I think that's a reasonable recommendation.
I like that.

Council Member Holman: Hopefully other Council Members will say ditto to
that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I just have a very simple question about the
process and City Council's role. In your packet, Item Number Three, there's
the Report by Plante Moran from November 2014. They recommended
clearly in there to move ahead on what they call "3A," which I think is where
we are. You came to the Finance Committee about a year ago for a Study
Session to talk through the recommendation. We voted as a Council on a
budget of $250,000 last June to go ahead with, I believe, this study. Now
we have a City Council Study Session where again we're discussing, I think,
                                                                        Page 10 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
