                          TRANSCRIPT
tell you guys what storm ready is all about and congratulate you guys for
becoming recognized as storm ready.              Basically storm ready is a
preparedness program that the National Weather Service sponsors. We
work alongside our partners to make sure that our communities are
prepared for the next major weather event. Around the San Francisco Bay
Area, it's difficult to be a meteorologist. It's difficult to say meteorologist.
It's difficult because typically we have either sunny days and mild weather or
cloudy days, more likely, and mild weather. On occasion, we do get some
severe weather, some thunderstorms that move through the area that can
cause some storm damage including some flooding issues. Of course, in the
winter months we can have significant storm systems that come out from
the Gulf of Alaska and even Pineapple Expresses from Hawaii. We can have
significant rainfall and a tremendous amount of flooding in the area. We
really need to be prepared for these types of weather events. Some of the
weather events we need to be prepared for may not seem a big deal at all,
but they actually are. Such as heat and cold events. We have a lot of
homeless in our area, and we need to make sure that during the winter
months they have a warm place to go when it's cold out. Of course, we
need somewhere cool for them to go when it's warm in the summer months.
We like to work with our communities and make sure we can get a heat
message out to the emergency planners, so they can make a decision as to
whether or not to open these shelters. Some of the weather we deal with is
even less exciting, but very highly impacting, for instance, foggy days in the
San Francisco Bay Area. We get quite a bit of fog in the summer and winter
months, believe it or not. That can impact traffic, and it also impacts the
airlines. We need to be prepared for those types of weather events. Of
course, we have the big wet thing to our west, which is the ocean. It can
put out some very large surf at times. We need to be aware of these
situations as well and be prepared to rescue people if they do get swept into
the ocean. Of course, I was just talking about this with the fire colleague
over there, wildfire season. We have tremendous wildfire potential in our
area too. Again, we need to be prepared for these types of weather events.
Believe it or not, we actually had a tornado last week near Hollister. It took
out a barn and a shed and busted up some fencing too. Whenever you hear
we don't get tornadoes in this area, we certainly do. Again, we need to be
prepared for that. Locally, we also have the San Francisquito Creek—
hopefully I pronounced that correctly. That's an area where we're concerned
about flooding. The City Managers have worked alongside our hydrologist at
the National Weather Service to have a plan for what to do if there is
flooding on the creek and also setting up better ways to warn whether or not
there's going to be a flood on the San Francisquito Creek. Definitely some
progress being made in that area. What do we do? We try to work with our
communities and become storm ready. There's also another program called
tsunami ready for areas along the coast, to work with our City Managers and
                                                                            Page 3 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
