                         TRANSCRIPT
down there as what it seems like the Code supports, it seems like what the
conversation about what the composition of Downtown wants to be like gets
at, if that makes sense. It didn't seem that minimizing the amount of
housing that was allowed under the proposed zoning change from PC to CD-
C(P) followed those philosophies, I guess, if that makes sense. It seemed
like a better idea to focus energy on housing than to pull housing away.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) you probably haven't spent a lot of time
sitting here, but we frequently hear about attempting to make the transition
between one area and another, where you're crossing Webster Street, less
obvious than a building of this height would be. I have no idea what the
people will be saying here tonight, but I would not be surprised if that would
be one of the areas that they talked about, when you get larger and when
you appear to be blocking more of the sun or more of the light. We will
probably hear that they're looking for a lower building. Simply to say what
we've been hearing over the past couple of years and reflect that back to
you; however, it doesn't indicate that you don't have every privilege of
applying for what is possible on that piece of land. That's it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Seeing no other lights yet, I'll wade in with a couple of
questions. First, I was trying to see whether any of the drawings showed—I
don't know which drawing it is, but it's a streetscape. I was trying to
determine the comparative height of surrounding buildings. On Webster
Street, it appears to step down to—is that two story?

Mr. Zirkle: There's a series of one and two-story structures, some of which
are single family, some of which are multifamily in each direction along
Webster. The structures directly across the street are single-family homes,
and there are in both directions, in Webster, a mixture of single-family
homes and two-story multifamily apartments.

Mayor Burt: I'll go ahead and direct another question toward you or the
applicant. As you hopefully have seen, this Council has been moving in a
direction of curtailing office growth, and we've had discussions. We'll have a
discussion later tonight around scenarios for the Comprehensive Plan that
look at reduced office growth and potentially greater amounts of housing in
the Downtown areas. Under that framework, I guess I'm surprised that you
would think that there would be receptivity to an increase in the office size
for this location as basically a discretionary action over what is permitted
under the current PC. Related to that, I guess I'm trying to understand if
you were going to propose something, it might not have been retaining the
existing building and whatever amount of residential might be allowed to be
built on the parking lot side. Was that considered? Without saying one way
or another whether I or my colleagues would support that, it just seems like

                                                                        Page 7 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
