                          TRANSCRIPT
doing this. Right now if we had that bicycle path, it would go to nowhere.
That's the way it seems to me. If there did become an opportunity in which
it would go somewhere, because the property adjacent would be developed,
I don't see anything in here that would allow us to put an obligation from
you or Sand Hill Properties to say that would make sense. I would ask you
whether or not you'd be willing to add that as a voluntary condition. Should
that become available, we can put a bicycle path through there.

Ms. Koo: I would like to answer your question in two parts. I want to clarify
my understanding of the spine of the road.         The spine road and its
incarnation related to creating a pathway that took truck access off
California Avenue or Page Mill and created that. It wasn't related to bike
access, from my understanding.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The Staff Report talks about preserving it for pedestrian
and bike access.

Ms. Koo: As it relates to bike and pedestrian access, we've designed it so
that there's great access for bikes and pedestrians on the site. I am a
ground lessee. I don't actually own the property. I actually can't grant
easements.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You could grant them for the length of your lease.

Ms. Koo: I can't. All land-related rights and things like that ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: You could grant a use permit, a permit to go through
the property.

Ms. Koo: I think it's a security issue that we would have to discuss with the
tenant in terms of having non-employees on the site. Our site is designed to
create ease of flow by pedestrians and bikes. If there were a situation
occurred consistent with the overall are, we would be open to participating in
that. I can't grant that sort of easement. It also has to not pose security
and other concerns for the tenants on the site.

Vice Mayor Scharff:    While I have you up there, there were several
discussions about providing Go Passes. I gather it was the intention that
part of the TDM plan would have Go Passes.

Ms. Koo: Absolutely.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I didn't see that. I just saw it at the discretion of the ...

Ms. Koo: Our TDM is very comprehensive. It's professionally done by one
of the top TDM consultants in the area. It's not just thrown together. It's
                                                                            Page 63 of 94
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/11/16
