                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I will be very brief. I go back to a comment that
Council Member DuBois made earlier. I'm hoping that we can bring back
Scenarios 5 and 6 for additional comments at Council in the nearer future
than longer term future. Scenarios 5 and 6 do not appear to be very
differentiated. If we're going to look at a range of options and identify
ultimately a preferred scenario, we need to be clearer in differentiating
Scenarios 5 and 6, or I call them Alternative 5 and 6. A couple of comments
I'll make here on Table 5 on Packet Page 555. How convenient. It does
seem, as a member of the public commented, while this is a sustainability
measure for the EIR scenarios, it seems like the S/CAP is driving this while
the S/CAP itself is not yet defined, and a lot of the measures in the S/CAP
that we have seen are not tested. While hopeful, we don't know yet the
outcomes. Fourth box down under mobility, it says parking charge program
for existing workplaces with over 50 employees. That's part of the S/CAP
strategy. There's no reference there of what that can do. As we have seen
in other situations, it would also call for potentially a Citywide Residential
Preferential Parking (RPP), because it displaces parkers into other areas. I
have several other comments that are similar to that, just having to do with
there's not much differentiation between "5" and "6." There also doesn't
seem to be much differentiation between commercial or among commercial
uses. Commercial also includes retail. I don't think we're looking at
converting retail to housing. I don't think this is what the Council intended.
In five of the six scenarios, it says remove constraints on addition of
accessory dwelling units. I don't think that was intended for all five
scenarios. I could go on; I won't. I hope that we can come back with
comments and suggestions for how to differentiate Scenarios 5 and 6,
because right now they seem to be very much aligned. It reduces our ability
to compare one approach versus another.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'll make an attempt at a Motion, which I emailed
David. This is what I said earlier. For the purposes of greater contrast
among the scenarios, for Scenario 5 we would under these tables add the
conditional use permit or another method to regulate employment densities.
We'd add the County expressway implementation and the CC(2) Floor to
Area Ratio (FAR) reductions. What I'm essentially doing, just to explain, is
really aligning "5" more with Scenario 2 and making it more of a contrast to
Scenario 6. That's on the tables from Page 553, 554, 555, which really
define the scenarios. Is there a second?

Mayor Burt: I will second it.

                                                                          Page 92 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
