                         TRANSCRIPT
actually proceed with the EIR as we have here or will you need to come back
and get the clarification that Council Member DuBois is asking for?

Ms. Gitelman: I think the City Manager's suggestion that we use the Draft
EIR public hearing on June 6th as an opportunity to make sure we've heard
you correctly ...

Mayor Burt: That's not the question.

Ms. Gitelman: ... and give you an opportunity to clarify anything that you
would change about this.

Mayor Burt: What I'm asking is, absent those clarifications, would you be
able to proceed on the EIR or are you going to need those clarifications to be
able to proceed. That's my question.

Ms. Gitelman: I think the City Manager is correct. We're going to need
confirmation and clarification. We're going to need to come back.

Mr. Keene: Those and I think we'll have to revisit the directives from the
housing report which, as indicated, we do owe the Council. It was one of
the things we were going to talk about at the ...

Mayor Burt: The City Manager actually said that we were going to be
coming back. He didn't say that it would be necessary in order to proceed
on the EIR.       Two different things. That's what I wanted to get the
clarification on.

Council Member DuBois: If I could offer a suggestion and I'd ask my
colleagues to consider this. If we look at Option A and Option C as these
two scenarios—maybe I'm being naïve—I actually think maybe we could
agree to some changes in these tables consistent with the scenarios, like
allow Scenario A to do things like maintain the 50-foot height limit and some
of these other changes and let Scenario C get rid of the 50-foot height limit.
We would have two opposing ...

Mayor Burt:      Those are big discussions.    I think you're being overly
optimistic that all that could be ...

Council Member DuBois:      If we view this as an exercise in testing the
bounds—it's late.

Mayor Burt: I look forward to that discussion when it comes back to us.

Council Member DuBois: We're saying we're going to do the EIR without the
specificity ...
                                                                      Page 118 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
