                          TRANSCRIPT
Scharff, and Kniss voting no. It passes. Thank you all for your participation.
We will be moving onto our next Item.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 5-3 Kniss, Scharff, Wolbach no

22.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Amending the FY 2017
      Municipal Fee Schedule to Reflect Development Services Cost of
      Services Study and FY 2017 Annual Adjustment.

Mayor Burt: Our next Item is a public hearing, which is an adoption of an
ordinance amending the fiscal year 2017 Municipal Fee Schedule to reflect
Development Services cost of services study and for fiscal year 2017 an
annual adjustment. Welcome, Peter.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Department Director: We're just
expecting one more Staff person, but we can start without them. First let
me just introduce my new Senior Management Analyst, Brad Angell. He
joins us almost two months now and has been picking up the pieces since
my former manager went to Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
She's still here, and we still have the benefit of that institutional knowledge.
With that being said, the recommended Motion you have in your Packet
before you is to follow through with the Finance Committee's
recommendation that the Council adopt an ordinance, Attachment A, to
update the fiscal year 2017 Municipal Fee Schedule to adjust Development
Services muni fees based on the completion of a cost of services study and
adjust it by the annual inflator applied to the municipal fees from fiscal year
2016 to Fiscal Year 2017.         This Item went to Finance Committee on
November 15th. Development Services presented it, and it was approved 4-
0 without any amendments. We did have some deliberation around the cost
of some of the fees. We talked through that as well as some potential help
that might come along to seniors or people with fixed income that couldn't
afford some of the fees. We have some news to share about that if the
Council is interested. Simply put, I'll run through the PowerPoint just as a
review.

James Keene, City Manager: Can I just jump in for a second, Peter?

Mr. Pirnejad: Yes, sir.

Mr. Keene: Let me go back to the 4-0 vote. The Council's policy typically is
to put an Item on Consent, but this is required to have a public hearing, so
we're here for the public hearing. In many ways, the Council might want to
focus on the extent that this is the opportunity to hear from the public on
this. It is coming with a 4-0 vote from the Committee. Thanks.

                                                                          Page 79 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
