                          TRANSCRIPT
costs, which is hard for people to understand how that has occurred, we're
moving forward with energy efficiency in leading edge and cost effective at
the same time. I think those are great dual achievements. That's the most
important model. Frankly, we could do great things if money didn't matter,
but it does. To show that we can have these achievements and be cost
efficient is what really makes it something that can be leveraged and
modeled elsewhere. Thanks for all your work. Let's vote on the board.
That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Mr. Pirnejad: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you all.

11.   Receipt of First Poll Results on Possible Local Transportation Funding
      Tax Measure and Direction to Staff.

Mayor Burt: We're now going to our final Action Item, which is the initial
polling results regarding the feasibility of a potential City transportation tax
on business to raise funds to reduce traffic congestion, address the
availability of parking and other transportation improvement options at the
local level.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. I'm
being joined by Dave Metz, Principal with the firm FM3, as we affectionately
call them around the state. You'll remember Mr. Metz's firm did polling for
us on the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) ballot measure that we
successfully passed a couple of years ago. I think what I will do is let Dave
give his presentation.       I think that the findings from this exploratory
feasibility poll will inform both your questions and answers to Dave and what
we would think would be our recommendations for some potential next steps
depending upon what the results sort of—how the results speak to you. I'll
turn it over to Dave, if that's okay.

Dave Metz, Fairbank, Maslin, Maullin, Metz & Associates: Thank you very
much. Thank you, Mayor. Members of the Council and members of the
public, I'm Dave Metz with FM3. I'm going to quickly walk through a series
of highlights from our recent survey research exploring the feasibility of a
potential City transportation tax. I have brought with me the full cross-
tabulated results of the survey, so we've got all of the different demographic
and geographic groups within the City that we can pull out and look at their
responses to individual questions if you're interested in hearing more. Just
to start, a brief summary of the methodology of the survey. We talked to
400 voters Citywide who are considered, based on their past voting
                                                                        Page 104 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
