                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I'm trying to think through the voting process, whether we
should pile these up and then go through a series of votes under discrete
additions at the end or whether we should act on each as we get them.

Council Member DuBois: Wasn't this accepted into the main Motion?

Mayor Burt: You're right. That's been accepted. The intent of that main
Motion really was for us to have a template by which we'd consider
alternatives.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm fine to have a vote on everything, then we don't
ask me. We just put it out there. I guess it has to get a separate second. I
separately seconded it. If that's the process, I don't have a (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Let's get a quick consensus. From a process standpoint, do we
want to consider each amendment separately?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: We could have a good number. Otherwise, we can have a
Motion that will fail because we've got concerns with individual amendments,
even though we might be supportive of the vast majority of them.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: It goes up there, and then we vote on them separately.
It just needs a second from anybody.

Mayor Burt: To make it on to the list. The other question is when do we
vote on them? At the end? Get the list up and then go through them at the
end. I see Molly has a little input.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Just a suggestion. I think you're working your
way towards it, but your rules do provide that the Mayor has the option to
split the question. If you wanted to put all ideas up there and then just split
the question, you could go through them.

Mayor Burt: Let's get them out there. Once we've got them all there, see
whether it looks best to consider them individually or only split some or who
knows what. Let's get them on the table.

Council Member DuBois: The second one was to add back ...

Mayor Burt: How about this? Since the primary Motion just put the Staff
recommendation up there, I don't know that we should necessarily be going
through the maker and the seconder to get something on the board. I
                                                                         Page 62 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
