                          TRANSCRIPT
transportation reductions, single occupancy vehicle travel, that type of thing.
We say to the group, "Figure out a couple of different ways to pay for it, and
bring it to Council." That's what IBRC did. Council did not adopt—we
brought, I think, four scenarios. Council took a hybrid of the four, picked
some other things that IBRC wasn't aware of. That was how Council cane up
with the $125 million now $150 million plan. Setting the goals that I think
we've already set of 30 percent reduction of single occupancy vehicles and
some of these other things—yes, yes. Making broader goals, I guess, and
saying to the committee, "Figure out how much it will cost." That was what
IBRC did. Figure out how far we've fallen behind and how much it'll cost to
catch up. Figure out that annual amount, and then come up with some
ideas for how to pay for it, and pitch it to Council, and Council decides. I
think the Mayor has got an idea of the list or something like that. We had
17; 17 was a lot. If you can do 13 or so, that's probably a little more
manageable. It shouldn't take a year and three months for this. Maybe half
that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach. Did you already speak?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, I think you already got me.

Mayor Burt: Let me wade in for a minute on a couple of these things. One
was a question that Council Member Wolbach had of whether we should
select the stakeholders or allow the stakeholder groups to select theirs. I
don't think across the board we could readily allow the stakeholder groups to
select theirs. In some cases, there aren't really groups. In addition, there's
a consideration in those cases where there is a stakeholder group, we want
to make sure that whoever the representative is, is willing to accept and be
committed to the outcome of funding and solving these problems as opposed
to somebody who really is there to obstruct. One or two of those people can
really undermine the whole process. Whether we assure that through who
we select or whether we put that as a precondition to someone applying and
they've accepted that as kind of ground rules of it. We could either of those
ways. I also do agree that we're not looking at a single funding source.
We've already anticipated that we're probably going to have revenue from
parking Downtown. We hope and expect that we'll have revenue from other
grants and the VTA Tax that will flow to some of these measures. This is a
major funding source in combination with those other measures. This
funding source alone in all likelihood will not get us to where we need to go.
In combination, it very well may. It's not going to be enough funds to make
any major dent in grade separations. I think we need to be realistic. When
the time comes to that, if we get our ballpark of $400 million out of the VTA
tax toward grade separations in our City, we will in the next year or two
need to know what fraction of the cost of grade separations that covers, and
                                                                        Page 96 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
