                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: It's not scheduled to come back to the Council for a discussion of
that. No.

Mayor Burt: No, that's not the way it's set up. We're giving a Council
directive. I thought it was the last one. Council Member Filseth, now you're
the new last.

Council Member Filseth: Very tersely. One difference between this motion
and the previous one is this one also depends on a CUP. One more reason
not to support this is I don't feel like I've heard a compelling reason why we
should grant the CUP.

MOTION RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to:

A.   Approve the Initial Study/Mitigated Negative           Declaration        and
     Mitigation Monitoring and Reporting Program; and

B.   Approve the Record of Land Use Action approving the Site and Design
     Review, Conditional Use Permit and Architectural Review application to
     allow the construction of a three story, mixed-use development, with
     one level of underground parking on a 39,908 square foot lot at 2515-
     2585 El Camino Real; and

C.   Require the ground floor be retail; and

D.   Require a robust Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program
     to ensure a 30 percent reduction in trips; and

E.   Reduce the current proposed surface parking by four spaces from the
     Staff proposal, with the resulting land dedicated to common open
     space; and

F.   Direct Staff to work with the Applicant to redesign the plaza to create
     an active pedestrian used area; and

G.   Authorize up to 25 percent of retail space be allowed for restaurant
     use, upon approval of the Director; and

H.   With the agreement of the Applicant, the project will contribute two
     Below Market Rate Housing Units on site.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes on a 5-4 vote with
Council Members Wolbach, Scharff, Burt, Berman and Kniss voting yes. That
concludes this very long item.

                                                                       Page 82 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
