                          TRANSCRIPT
because the recipient was not available this evening.        We're not teasing
anyone.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We do have an addition.         We have Closed Sessions;
they're not on the original Agenda.

Mayor Burt: They were additions to the original. The original Agenda did
not have Item Number 25, which is two Closed Sessions. One is the City of
Palo Alto versus the Public Employee Relations Board regarding International
Association of Fire Fighters Local 1319. The second is a conference with
labor negotiators regarding the Palo Alto Fire Chiefs' Association, the
International Association of Fire Fighters Local 1319 and Palo Alto Police
Officers' Association and the Palo Alto Police Managers' Association. Those
will be heard at the end of the night, after our regular business.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. A
number of items to report before you ultimately, after Committee meetings
and other events around town, go on the break before the new year. First of
all, we just put the news release out earlier this afternoon, a few hours ago.
In case you have not seen it or heard about it, I did want to announce that
sadly our Police Chief, Dennis Burns, will be retiring at the end of 2016.
Chief Burns has been with the City for almost 35 years, has served since
2009. Of course, as you know, Dennis is well respect, both inside our
organization, with fellow police agencies around the Bay Area and within our
community. He has devoted his entire career to Palo Alto and protecting
and serving our citizens, whether it's as Chief or actually being Chief and still
running down the street to catch a bad guy or rappelling off of multistory
buildings as a fundraiser for worthy causes. He has done it all. He is not
here tonight.     Certainly for all of that he deserves our thanks and
appreciation.    While it's a loss for our City, everybody deserves the
opportunity to enjoy the next phase of life, particularly after 3 1/2 decades.
Dennis and I have worked out a transition plan to keep stability and
continuity within the senior ranks of the department. We will be appointing
Captain Ron Watson as Interim Chief. He's been with the City for 26 years,
but there will be a number of other appointments and interim appointments
we'll make, that I think will be very beneficial for the command Staff. We'll
be going out and do a national search for a new Police Chief. We will be
scheduling a formal recognition for Chief Burns at a City Council meeting in
January and some way for the community also. That is that breaking news.
Responding to one of the comments that the Mayor made again, that over

                                                                            Page 9 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Final Minutes: 12/12/16
