                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I don't know the answer to that question.     The applicant could
speak to that.

Council Member Schmid:     That would be important on terms of impact on
the City.

Mayor Burt: I'd just like to follow up on a couple of these questions. We're
saying that the new parcel map would be conditioned on demolition of the
existing homes. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: That's because the lot line configuration would crossover the
existing homes?

Mr. Lait: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Did Staff look at whether there are any configurations that
would allow preservation of the existing homes?

Mr. Lait: No.

Mayor Burt: The configuration, was that all initiated by the property owner?

Mr. Lait: Yes. In the application that we received, that's the first we saw
that.

Mayor Burt: I'm trying to think whether we have within the Comp Plan—I
think that's where it would reside—any language that would favor
preservation of existing homes. I think we have it on existing housing
supply, but not necessarily existing structures per se. Have we looked at
that? Basically what we're doing is—it appears we're giving a lot subdivision
that is an endorsement of a series of demolitions. Presumably new homes
will be built out to the maximum allowable under the zoning. If they go to
two-story, under the two-story guidelines. I want to understand whether
Staff was looking at any other policy implications when considering this
proposal other than just kind of responding to the applicant and seeing that
it is in a way technically in greater conformance with zoning because they're
smaller parcels. Whereas, the existing condition is already these separate
homes, and we'll lose the existing homes.

Mr. Lait: I can take a look at the record that we have here and the Comp
Plan findings that we referenced. I'll search the Comp Plan now and see if
there's any statements about structure retention.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.
                                                                        Page 20 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
