                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thanks. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think this is something we almost always ask. I
noticed the look on your face when you mentioned it's been a long time
coming. Any comments on why it's been a long time coming? We've been
back in good times for about four years, right? We were being kind to the
community?

Ms. Gitelman: I can't tell you exactly why. I can tell you it's not an
insubstantial amount of time to do this. There was a lot of Staff effort and
consultant effort involved in figuring out just how much it cost to do
everything we do when it comes to application processing.           It's not
something that you're going to do every year or every two years. It really is
something to do infrequently.

Council Member Kniss: I think the Finance Committee was kind. I probably
would have gone right away to full cost recovery. Believe it or not. The
other thing is did you talk to other communities? What are our neighbors
doing with ...

Ms. Nikzat: We did talk to some that ...

Council Member Kniss: ... partial versus full cost recovery?

Ms. Nikzat: It kind of depends on the community.        A lot of communities
have not done a fee study in a very long time.

Council Member Kniss: Just take Mountain View and Menlo Park. They're
our immediate neighbors.

Ms. Nikzat: I'm trying to remember. I did speak with them. I believe when
it came to Mountain View specifically, they haven't done one in quite a while.
I know Beverly Hills had done one, and I think we've cited them in here.
They haven't even adopted their fee study completely. They have adopted
their hourly rates. Those they're charging—you'll see they're substantially
higher than ours, but they have not put their fee study in place. Most of the
people I talked to when we were trying to do comparison rates said exactly
the same thing. "Oh my gosh. We really need to do this. It's been a long
time."

Council Member Kniss: That's helpful to know. We're being watched a lot
especially when we've been discussing transportation issues and so forth.
Every community right now is comparing itself to other communities. They
want to know what we're doing and how we're doing it. I would be surprised
if after tonight you don't hear from the other communities within the next
                                                                        Page 18 of 72
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/28/16
