                          TRANSCRIPT
process in place. I did not say this earlier. We still have the same process
in place, though. For an appeal to be pulled off Consent and to be heard by
the Council, it still takes four Council Members. Correct? That's been taken
down to three. Three of six would have to even agree to hear an appeal.

Mr. Lait: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: Three of six, yes.

Mr. Lait: Seven.

Council Member Holman: Three of seven, I'm sorry. Three of seven to even
hear the appeal. What I will repeat that I said earlier is we currently have
an Individual Review process while Staff's working on it. Jonathan has
already said that they're not going to come back with recommendations to
make guidelines clearer and work out the issues for several months. If an
appeal does come to Council and three of the seven of us decide to hear it,
on what basis would be able to uphold an appeal, deny an appeal? We have
had projects come to us that have gone through all kinds of wringers, both
on the part of the applicant and on the part of the neighbors trying to get to
a place where they can agree, and we've ended up with quite frankly horrid
projects because of that. They're unresolved projects. I don't see for the
next several months until the IR comes to us, which by the way will be
without specific Eichler statements in it to this point in time at least, how
we're going to have any kind of interim protections without this interim
situation or ordinance.

Mayor Burt: We've got to try to wrap this up if we're going to complete our
Agenda tonight. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I still oppose the Motion. From a process
standpoint and from a governance standpoint, from an optics standpoint,
this is going in the wrong direction. There's been an application for single
story overlay. I think there's agreement on Council that that was not met,
those thresholds were not met. Now, Council is now kind of bending itself to
say, "We'll do it for a little bit while we do some other stuff." I do think that
the processes that we have in place are sufficient. I know there's a lot of
frustration with the IR process. I've seen this Council go to great lengths to
reject a project. I'm confident that it could do that again if a project were to
come up that the community was very opposed to and that Council could
find reasons under the current process to reject it. I have little doubt that
we would find three votes to pull it off Consent. Frankly, if it were an
egregious project, I have little doubt that we would find four votes to reject
the project. I think the appropriate process to say, "Let's strengthen the IR
Guidelines or adopt an Eichler design guideline overlay." In the interim, let's
                                                                         Page 82 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
