                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. McCown: Honestly, Pat, I don't know that we've looked at whether
there's routes through other adjoining parcels. I don't recall that we were
even asked to look at that. It was all about can't you have vehicles traveling
off the site out to Page Mill rather than onto California Avenue. That's what
I recall.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Along those lines, I think the recollection is
correct. Columbia Street, I think, was used as the construction road during
construction of some of the houses. You can tell me if that's right or wrong.
I think it was Columbia, and then Columbia connected all the way through to
Page Mille. That was vehicular. I don't know, though, that that meant we
only wanted vehicles. It's pretty much assumed that a road is going to have
a sidewalk beside it. It's going to also have pedestrian accessibility too.

Ms. McCown: I'm not sure sending pedestrians out to Page Mill Road is what
people were thinking about.     What I recall was a construction period
timeframe for that access off of Page Mill, to not use California Avenue,
which Chris talked about earlier. There was also a further request for a
permanent exit out through that adjoining parcel, out to Page Mill. I don't
think that—as I remember it, that was not about pedestrians. It was totally
about vehicles.

Mayor Burt: It was vehicular.

Council Member Holman: It was more vehicular. Still, it's too bad it isn't
there.

Mayor Burt: I'll add that there have been discussions about if we don't have
a vehicular spine running between California Avenue and Page Mill, then a
bike spine is something that's been talked about. Here we're doing this
major project, and we are not taking advantage of that opportunity. I think
it's a real lost opportunity. I have a way that I will at least try to partially
address that. I first want to take on the clarification issue that you
requested. Council Member Wolbach, do you want to clarify the intent and
we may need to revote.

Council Member Wolbach: Sure. My thinking was that it would apply to all
of the homes on the site. If it is acceptable to the Mayor, I'd actually like to
ask Mr. Siegel if he had a recommendation about whether sub-slab
depressurization or ventilation should be associated with every home at the
site or only those closest to hotspots.

Mayor Burt: I don't see him here.
                                                                          Page 69 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
