                         TRANSCRIPT
employees, maybe City employees. What's going to determine whether
somebody says yes or no is oftentimes going to be the rental rate. What do
you foresee these being rented at? Would you give preferential rental rates
to these three nonprofits I've mentioned or would they be the same rental
rate as the open market?

Mr. Spieker: The answer to the first question is we don't know what these
are going to rent for. This is a prescreening. We have a long way to go
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Can you move that mic just a closer to you? Sorry.

Council Member Holman: You've looked at the economics of it, though. I'm
surprised you would say you don't know what the rental rates would be.

Mr. Spieker: I can't speak to the individual studio and one-bedroom rental
rates for these units right now. I'm not prepared to do so. I don't have that
information with me. We did our underwriting a while ago. Would we give a
rental discount to these City employees, Stanford employees? The answer is
I don't know yet. It's something we can talk about. It depends on where
we kind of shake out on everything else. There's a lot of issues we have to
work through on this.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. Ground-floor retail, I'm one
of the people who talks about ground-floor retail—yes, at this location—and
wider sidewalks because if it's all housing—I told you this. I was very direct
with you. By the way, do we need to do disclosures? This is just a
prescreening, but do we need to do disclosures?

Ms. Silver: This is a legislative action. It's a request for information on
possible zone changes. Technically you don't need to do disclosures for
legislative items.

Council Member Holman: Let me just volunteer that I did meet with the
applicant. I've forgotten your name; I'm sorry. I'll be forthcoming on that.
I do think ground-floor retail is important here. You talk about a bike repair
kitchen or a bike kitchen. What kind of size are you thinking about? I didn't
quite catch that. What kind of size are you thinking about that or square
footage or location?

Mr. Spieker: About 500 square feet.

Council Member Holman: Did Staff look at, when this came forward—there
was a proposal that came forward some time ago for this site—I don't
remember what iteration it was. We've seen a few that looked at the
                                                                       Page 13 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
