                          TRANSCRIPT
as part of your entitlement review. We're seeing a lot of communities that
are going to do that. They basically have vehicle level of service in their
General Plan; they have level of service expectations they want to continue
to be met; and they're going to require projects to complete traffic impact
studies that look at that in that separate planning channel. They can even
condition those projects under the General Plan consistency findings, for
example.     When you get to VMT, you really are talking about the
environmental effects because of that connection to greenhouse gases, air
quality.

Council Member DuBois: I'm saying even regionally if the entire Bay Area is
congested and it takes you four hours to go what would have taken you 1,
you're creating an environmental impact even though your VMT is the same.

Mr. Milam: When you get into those nuances, one of the things I think
you're going to want to think about is not all VMT is equal. If you take it
from an emissions standpoint, if everyone's running around in electric
vehicles and that electricity was produced with hydroelectric power, not
much environmental effect from the driving at that point, but there's still the
effect on congestion, there's still the effect on people being able to get
around reliably. I think you're going to want to parse out what constitutes
an environmental effect versus what constitutes part of your mobility
questions, the ability for people to get around reliably.

Mr. Mello: If I could also add. I think it's important to think about level of
service as more of a symptom of too much VMT. If we reduce VMT, we're
going to be reducing the number of trip segments on specific roadway
corridors, which could eventually lead—if we have a static roadway network
with no improvements, a reduction in VMT over time could eventually lead to
a better level of service at a lot of intersections where those trips were
passing through or would have passed through if a development didn't
implement mitigation measures to reduce VMT.

Council Member DuBois: I think you mentioned, Josh, we could actually
start to measure time spent on a trip. That was one of my questions. That
seems like the perfect measure. How come that's not really the focus, for
each mode of transportation how long does it take?

Mr. Milam: You could add that as a metric as part of your planning process.
If it's related to travel time or delay, the way 743 was structured by the
Legislature, you couldn't use it for the purpose of an environmental impact
analysis. They have drawn a pretty clear line there. The other thing that
Josh has pointed out here, that's really important, is that when you think of
congestion, it is a problem, no doubt there. It's also a symptom, and it's a

                                                                        Page 18 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
