                          TRANSCRIPT
limit.   Trying to do all those things meant that it drove the cost of
construction up to just barely fit within that 50-foot. That was the one area
that I had been open to relieving the 50-foot by a few feet, but not to add a
floor. This is where I want to know—if you're talking about requiring a taller
retail, which is good for retail, does the taller ceiling have an impact on
eliminating a floor for that site? By doing one good thing, we want to make
sure we're not going to have an unintended consequence. Conversely, if we
want to require a couple feet taller retail, do we need to adjust any height
limits in any of the zones? We may not. It's a question that I have, and I'm
not expecting you necessarily to have that answer off the top of your head.
The final thing is Council Member Holman had brought up this. It pertains
more to University itself. The basement part, I think, pertains mostly to
University and the office elsewhere. We have this allowing 25 percent office.
This is office outside of office for the retail purpose, right? That's true office
space. I recall that discussion in the SOFA II. On University, we have this
other issue. I've been waiting—I think Hillary has been saying that the
Downtown study was going to give us information on this basement
conversion and loss of ground-floor office.

Mr. Lait: We have a draft report of that. I'm not sure if there's any initial
conclusions that we have about the basement. I just don't have that with
me. I know we have a draft report that's in from our consultant about
studying the basement along with some other issues.

Mayor Burt: I've been waiting patiently for a year and a half for this report.
It keeps being said when we look at the whole context including this, we
would have that. Now we're doing it, and I haven't seen the report. I'm
kind of concerned about that. The issue being that we historically had a lot
of basements that—there's a couple of issues on it. We had a lot of
basements on University, and they were retail storage and offices for the
retail space. A number of them have been getting converted into Class A
office. It's not only loss of retail, but it was really unclear whether the
parking for the site was based upon assuming that's a predominantly
unoccupied basement that's now being occupied by office and software
companies. Those are other questions I would have. What are we doing on
that subject as well as—what happens is the retailer still needs some storage
space and office space, and that then reduces the ground-floor retail space
for customers. We basically have had a truncating of even the ground floor.
This has been talked about for over a year, a year and a half. It's not
anywhere in here that I can see that framed as a question for us.

Mr. Lait: I apologize that we haven't produced that report. Allow us to take
a look at that and see if we can't get that finalized here.


                                                                          Page 71 of 111
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/17/16
