                         TRANSCRIPT
that. The question would be if we pass this tonight, does that make that
happen any faster. It will be another whack-a-mole. If you start to move
this all around again, you're going to get all the pressure right back down in
1, 2, 3 and 4 and so forth, which is really troubling. I would remind all of
you who weren't here that at 12:45 A.M. in the morning some time in—did
we do it in March or was it May? When was it? Norm Beamer and I had a
discussion at 12:45 A.M., and I said, "This is the only option we have right
now for that particular neighborhood. What's your answer?" He said, "If we
have to do it, we'll do it," because the cars were spilling into that
neighborhood. This has been just hammered out before. We have gone
over and over and over this. I know we want to reduce the number of
permits that we're giving out in 9 and 10, but frankly I would have voted no
back then if Norm hadn't weighed in and said, "We need this relief." I want
to put that back on the table. Neilson and I have had any number of
conversations about this. He has said his part of town is willing to take more
than their share, but continually taking more than their share isn't fair. I'm
troubled about this. We should be heading toward stopping this gap through
the Transportation Demand Management (TDM)—I'm hoping we will get that
one more financially in order—and through Scoop which the Mayor has
discussed very well tonight. I think we're making some progress there. I
don't want us to end up with too many of the same issues that we had, that
prompted us to do this in the first place. I'm concerned that if we get too
prescriptive tonight, that's where we're heading.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: As I've been watching this, I've been sort of
scratching my head and going (inaudible). Council Member Kniss is exactly
right here and the City Manager as well. It has seemed more and more to
me over the last 20, 30 minutes that we think we're tweaking something up
here, but we're actually sort of doing a significant policy change. I'm leery
of doing that. As both Council Member Kniss and the City Manager said,
we're going to back to pushing on this side of the balloon and it's going to
pop out over there. The original thinking behind this problem was that—this
is a flip way to describe it—the Research Park moved to Downtown
University Avenue and brought a lot of cars with it and where do they go.
The original prescription here was we want to get those cars out of the
neighborhoods, and we'll see how big the footprint is, and we'll slowly
ratchet it down to give everybody time to cope with that. Now we're sort of
talking about—it's almost like we're saying we're going to steer those cars
over here, but not over there. That's a different thing than we started out
with. I'll be flip here. My neighborhood, Zone 3, would like to petition for
residents-only too if this becomes on the table. My point is I think we're
getting away from the original idea that we're going to try to manage this
                                                                      Page 111 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
