                          TRANSCRIPT
resources including but not limited to energy efficiency, zero net energy,
energy storage, demand response, integrated demand site mg, renewable
energy credits and electric vehicles. Finally, the Leadership Group urges the
Council to continue a net energy metering program that provides rate
stability, simplicity and customer choice. Thank you for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Esther Nigenda to be followed by Herb Borock.

Esther Nigenda, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 11: Good evening
everybody. Thank you for the updated emergency operations plan for Palo
Alto which is Item 11 on the Consent Calendar today. In a recent interview,
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Chief Craig Fugate said of
all the risks we face a drought is the hardest one to address because, if you
have a big flood, it eventually stops raining. It doesn't always start raining
when you have a drought. If you think about the response to droughts,
mainly it's about buying time until the rains come back. What happens if the
rains never go back to what you thought was normal? In response to the
FEMA Chief's questions, I have two requests. The first is to include in the
proposed emergency operations plan drought and sea level rise on page iv
which mentions specific hazards but does not mention drought or climate
change or sea level rise. I realize that the City has taken some steps to
address these issues. Nevertheless, drought and sea level rise need to be
addressed holistically. As part of this holistic response to the drought, El
Nino notwithstanding, my second request is for the City of Palo Alto to use
our groundwater sustainably and to protect it as a drought resource. Thank
you for your attention.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Herb Borock to be followed by our final speaker,
Jessica Lynam.

Herb Borock, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 15: Good evening
Mayor Burt and Council Members. I encourage you to take Item 15 off of
the Consent Calendar. I provided you a letter by email with a brief
correction, handwritten, at places this evening. On the first issue of site and
design review, as I stated in my letter, Staff justified the change in the
threshold for Council approval of site and design review based on need to
encourage more units without telling you that two days later before the
Planning and Transportation Commission, there were two projects that were
not inhibited in any way from coming forward by the current threshold,
including one project which would change whether it has Council approval
required or not based on the number of units. An eight unit project with the
new rules would change the threshold from four units to nine units. On the
second issue of the fee for appeal, those of you have been on the Council
long enough to know whenever you receive an appeal of a planning issue,

                                                                         Page 18 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
