                         TRANSCRIPT
residents and the gardeners who work in Palo Alto to stick to electric blowers
or rakes for landscaping and garden cleanups. If you see or hear somebody
using a gas-powered leaf blower, there are a couple of ways to report it.
You can submit a report using the City of Palo Alto's 311 mobile app with the
day of the work and time of violation or you can call the City's Police
Department non-emergency line at 650-329-2016. The City will send a
warning to the address provided when you make a report, and a citation
may be given to property owners or their gardeners if a violation is
confirmed. We have on Staff a Code Enforcement Officer available, and we'll
be making efforts to be proactive in being sure we respond to complaints,
both with residents and gardeners as possible. Secondly, just a reminder
that the Downtown RPP Phase 2 permits are currently on sale. They're
available at the parking website cityofpaloalto.org/parking and by visiting
our customer service representative at the Utilities counter on the ground
floor of City Hall. Maps of the program boundary, employee parking zones
and a host of FAQs are also available on the parking website. Customer
service is also available by phone and email at paloaltopermits@spplus.com,
and by calling 650-440-8074.       An informational session for Downtown
employers was held in the Community Room at City Hall on March 16th for
those employers. It was attended by about 20 employers, employees and
concerned residents. An earlier informational session for residents was held
on March 8. Associated signage is scheduled for installation at the end of
March. I would just comment that I think the new website is improved and
enhanced. It was pretty simple for me to go on and both renew my permit
and buy and pay for online a second permit. El Camino Road at El Camino
Real improvement project. I know the Council gets almost daily questions
and comments and gripes about where we are on improvements in that
area. I just want to report where we're going in the nearer term.

Mayor Burt: Mr. City, did you mean Embarcadero Road and El Camino Real?

Mr. Keene: I'm sorry. Did I say something else? Embarcadero Road at El
Camino Real. Excuse me. Phase 1 of the Embarcadero Road at El Camino
Real improvement project was completed at the end of 2015. This included
the upgrade of the traffic signal equipment at the Town and Country
driveway and the pedestrian crossing in front of Trader Joe's. These two
signals now communicate, and the timing was adjusted to allow vehicles
exiting Town and Country to hold the green signal at the crosswalk.
Previously the crosswalk signal was back up traffic into the driveway
intersection. These signals still do not communicate with our new Citywide
traffic control system, because they're not linked by fiber optic cable to the
other 99 signals in the City. However, we will be installing a wireless
modem to connect those signals to the central traffic control system via the
cellular network in the next several weeks.           The traffic signal at
                                                                       Page 27 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
