                         TRANSCRIPT
including what we are expanding that into. For instance, you look at those
properties on Alma. They're not in the old ground-floor retail, the darker
pink, and they're not in a yellow of a new ground-floor retail.

Council Member Holman: The Motion that Council Member Scharff put on
the floor here was to protect all existing retail.

Mayor Burt: Is that right?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I said in the Downtown Business District. I'm happy to
put in SOFA, but I didn't say that because I was going to let you and Pat ...
Right now it's limited to that.

Council Member Holman:       That's what I thought you meant, because you
were saying ...

Mayor Burt: No, no. He said Downtown Business District.            SOFA isn't
addressed currently in the Motion.

Council Member Holman: What's the boundary of the Downtown Business
District if the map that's in front of us is ...

Mayor Burt: It's the area with that pink line excluding SOFA.

Council Member Holman: No. The pink line includes SOFA.

Mayor Burt: Are we now saying that SOFA is ...

Council Member Holman: It's on the map.

Mayor Burt: Just a second.

Council Member Kniss: The red line?

Mayor Burt: I'm asking Staff, are you now defining SOFA as being included
as part of the Downtown Business District? I see the map has a boundary
that suggests that.

Mr. Lait: Sorry, but the battery in my laptop has expired. I believe the—I'd
want to double check that. The Comp Plan is where we get guidance on the
business district boundaries. As I understood the conversation, it was not
extending into SOFA II. That would be helpful to know if the preservation of
existing retail is the Downtown Business District and also the SOFA II
boundaries. I think we're all familiar with the SOFA II boundaries. If we
want to preserve retail in SOFA II ...


                                                                      Page 89 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
