                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff:     Spending the whole $10,291,000 in 2017 sounds
optimistic.

Mr. Perez: What we would do for this one is we would finance it. You're
right; we would not spend all of that. My understanding right now is that it
would be a 16-month project. They'll give you an update on specific starts
and all of that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When we finance something, we put the whole $10
million in one fiscal year? Is that how that works?

Mr. Perez: That number's got a couple of components in it. There's three
million that is coming from the JPA for San Francisquito JPA. We have about
one million that we collected for accepting dirt at the golf course. That gets
knocked down from that 10 million, but the costs have obviously gone up.
We're going to update you on all of that. We would issue the ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: My question actually was more on timing. The way I
read the budget and I read the Capital Improvement Fund, if the money's in
2017, I expect we'll spend it. There's nothing in 2018, which implied to me
that we finished the project in 2017.

Mr. Perez: No. What we need to do ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Did I read this wrong?

Mr. Perez: What we need to do is award the contract. In order to award the
contract, we have to have the budget.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When I see these numbers, it's awarding the contracts
(crosstalk).

Mr. Perez: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was my major points. I had one minor thing that
just caught my eye. I apologize for going down so deep into the weeds.
Why is there a number of 88,000 for the temporary Main Library? We have
like a very little amount of money in 2016. I thought we had the libraries
built; now we have 88,000 for a temporary Main Library. I was just
confused what that could possibly be.

Mr. Perez: Where are you looking now?

Vice Mayor Scharff: If you look on Page 88 of the Capital Improvement
Fund, that says temporary Main Library. It shows that in 2016 we spent

                                                                        Page 51 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
