                              TRANSCRIPT
B.         Direct Staff to:

      i.         Develop an implementation plan for the Carbon Neutral Gas
                 Plan; and

     ii.         Minimize cost to achieve carbon reduction within 10¢/therm rate
                 impact cap; and

     iii.        Return to Council to determine an acceptable premium, if any, to
                 be paid for a local offset project when a certified project is
                 identified; and

     iv.         Consult with stakeholders on potential methods to fund
                 alternatives to offsets, including methods involving voter
                 approval.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak any further to the Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. Let's go with the—actually let me clarify.
Let's go with the clarified recommendation except to not prefer offsets from
California. If we can provide an incentive to Iowa farmers to do a better job,
we can do that through our money in a way that unfortunately Washington,
D.C., is probably not going to be as aggressive about. We'll have a small
impact, but it's something. I still do want to emphasize the priority for local
as in Palo Alto offsets.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: First of all, I'd like to thank the Finance Committee for
their work on this. I was really happy with the direction the Finance
Committee took. I thought it was very thoughtful, and it was a good
outcome. I understand the concerns that Carbon Free Palo Alto has. Again,
I would associate my thoughts with Sandra Slater's comments, which I
thought were excellent. In looking at this, we need to find a way forward. I
think there's a first step in thinking about this. Buying the offsets and
having a carbon neutral portfolio on gas is the right way to go. I don't think
that takes away from the efforts that we need to think about this, of how
we're going to look at this issue long term. Right now, we have something
that we can do that's positive, and we should do it right now. That's why I
support this. I did have a question for Staff. When I read this, it looks to
me like we go ahead and we spend 4-5 cents roughly to go and do the
offsets. At which point, there's 5 cents left and possibly going up to a 10-
cent per therm issue. Within this Motion, is Staff going to come back after
thinking about it and analyzing it and say to themselves, "If we were to use
that 5 cents to get the most bang for the buck, to move us forward, what
                                                                           Page 42 of 81
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 12/5/16
