                          TRANSCRIPT
and deliver on them. More often than not, the most nagging problems, let's
say traffic and housing kinds of issues, are really kind of deep-rooted
systems challenges. The truth is, going back to the Mayor's point about
facts versus perception, I can't imagine that all of our feelings about traffic
are completely determined by our experience inside the city limits of Palo
Alto. I know for a fact, for me, I used to go over to the East Bay where I
used to live in Berkeley all the time. I rarely go over there because the
traffic is so bad. It's not like we get outside of Palo Alto and suddenly it's
smooth sailing down to Mountain View or up in Redwood City or whatever. I
mean, the situation has gotten worse all over the Bay Area, again for many
of the reasons that we were all talking about, this great economy and other
factors. I'd say that sort of as a prelude for the fact that our ability to focus
on things that matter and that are of concern and stay focused on them and
put determined effort in it really does seem to yield fruit as far as improving
our situation. That being said, your real focus is looking forward to 2016,
what we're going to focus on in the Council Priorities area. At least some of
our assumptions, in order to let you hit the ground running, is that if you
were to maintain your general four Priorities for 2015, carry them into 2016,
we've already identified, as you'll see later in the background, 69 different
projects, some of which are carry-overs from 2015. I thought it would be
worthwhile to link accomplishments of the last year, give you a little bit of
setting. We passed out a report and the public has this that basically takes
all of the projects that you had under the Council Priorities, the four
Priorities last year, and gave you just sort of a quick update on them. I'm
not going to run through all of these, but just to be able to give you a sense,
on the Comp Plan Update for example, the tasks that we had identified that
we had completed or, as we put down here in red, about convening a
citizens advisory committee that sort of developed in the course of the year
a new item. When we just sort of thumb these, you'll see that the Fry's site,
yes, we did some of the tasks, some explanation. This is hopefully a little bit
of a resource for you when you're thinking about where we go for next year.
The annual limit on office/R&D, a big issue. There's a big check mark if we
hit basically every anticipated action to take. The Sustainability and Climate
Action Plan, again, a lot of things in there are in process. Only the one item
that we identified did we feel was fully completed, but a lot of these things
are now happening even in the first part of the year, but they don't get a
check mark, the Parks and Rec Master Plan, Cal. Avenue streetscape. I kind
of go through these just again to remind us how many Priority projects there
were within your four Priority areas, and then again this completely ignores
all of the initiatives that are outside of the four Priorities that you've
identified and the things we do as a City. I actually may just flip through
these just to more give an impression of what we have done or not done.
We ought to do a tour actually of 2015 around town and be able to actually
even just look at some of these things that have been accomplished. Again,
                                                                           Page 22 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
