                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Now that I look at these, some of these may just
be clarifications on what yellow means and there is no issue. Twenty-four,
Caltrain crossings is a yellow. Obviously, I think that had seven votes; I
think it's a high priority.

Ms. Gitelman: We completely agree with you. The yellow really reflects the
fact that we're trying to hire a Program Manager to staff that project. We
don't currently have Staff with expertise or time available to be the City's
designated person on that initiative.

Council Member DuBois: Thirty-one, the new RPP implementation is also
yellow. I think you've heard that's a priority.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. Again, I think we received the Council's direction loud
and clear. The yellow reflects the fact that we suggested some changes to
the FY 2017 at the Finance Committee to include a contingency—to include
some reallocations that will allow us to staff the operational side of that
project.

Council Member DuBois:- This is one, for me, that I think I'd probably want
to put in the parking lot, the CC(2) zoning, Number 39. The suggestion is
that it comes concurrent with the Comp Plan. In terms of implementation,
that means 3 or 4 years out. Is that correct? We'll pass the Comp Plan, and
then we'll start to implement in pieces.

Ms. Gitelman: I hope it would be sooner than that. Our current Comp Plan
schedule is middle of 2017.

Mayor Burt: I think the question is whether the zoning would follow
sequentially and be significantly after the Comp Plan versus the concept that
you had espoused previously that the zoning would come concurrent with
the Comp Plan.

Council Member DuBois: That is behind that question.

Ms. Gitelman: The biggest work effort, in my view, associated with an
initiative like that that's going to affect a lot of property owners is the CEQA
review. What we're hoping is the Comp Plan EIR provides us with the CEQA
review for doing something like that. In that sense, it would be concurrent.
You're right it might trail behind, because the CEQA review would be done,
but we'd still have to write the ordinance and bring it forward.

Council Member DuBois: This one, it's kind of a shorthand. This is looking
at CC(2) at Cal. Ave. Wasn't that the genesis of this one?


                                                                         Page 67 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
