                          TRANSCRIPT
you're talking about. Exactly how it makes its way through College Terrace
and then through the campus, I think that's a really important point. We
have definitely focused on bicycles in, for example, the new roundabouts on
campus, like at Escondido Road and Campus Drive. Whether Escondido
Road, there's some jog, you come through College Terrace and then
Escondido Road, coming through the residential area and then on through
the middle of campus, I think that's a really interesting point to think about,
how to make that a much more navigable, easy path for people. It's an
important priority for us.

Mayor Burt: The only thing I'd want to do is make sure that the design of
this new development doesn't put a building in the middle of what would be
the most efficient route there. It sounds like that hasn't necessarily been a
deliberate part of this design. Maybe there's no conflict, but that would be
one area that I'd want to really encourage thoughtfulness on how that route
goes all the way through campus.

Ms. McCown:       Just looking at the location, the route that I think is
interesting and most logical is Escondido Road. That's to the—whatever
direction it is—west edge of this. I think the concern you're raising, Mayor
Burt, about is there a building that's going to interfere with that, I don't
think that's going to be the case. I think the most logical cross path is not in
the location of where this site's going to be. We'll keep it mind, absolutely.

Mayor Burt: I would suggest that going from—I think it currently shows
Escondido Road going all the way out to, I think, Campus Drive, and then
looping around. That's not a bad route, but it's not the most direct. I just
want to make sure that it's been thought through. Ultimately, I think that's
going to be an important bike boulevard, bike highway, whatever we want to
call it, in the long term. Thanks for all of your thoughtfulness on how to
make this a low trip-generating project. Council Member Kniss, did you
have a follow-up?

Council Member Kniss: Just one (inaudible) question, as we say. Regarding
the RHNA numbers that the Vice Mayor spoke of, you talk about 2,400 beds,
2,000 net increase. If we were counting these for RHNA numbers, what are
we actually counting? Is this apartments? We're discussing housing later
tonight. I want to know how to reference this number.

Ms. Palter: The best way to do it is to count kitchens. We don't know the
exact mix, but there's going to be some two-bedroom units in here, which
counts as two beds because it houses two students. That's one RHNA unit.
There are some studios that would count as a RHNA unit. If we say it's
2,400, it's going to be somewhere between—if they were all two bedrooms,

                                                                         Page 19 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
