                          TRANSCRIPT
we stop in the interim somebody putting up or a whole bunch of people
putting up giant, neo-Mediterranean-style, two-story homes in the interim
before we come out with our guidelines? One of the questions is does the IR
Guidelines stop that? It sounds like the answer is kind of no at this point,
until many months. Another question I wanted to ask is it's May already.
Most people sort of don't start major construction in the Fall, because it
rains. You said that there's no projects like this in the pipeline, and it takes
90 days to get them approved and so forth. It seems unlikely that we're
going to get a lot of those this calendar year, because they would have
started already. What happens if somebody shows up and applies to do this,
to put up a second story on their house and gets plans and so forth in like
October. In January, we come out with overlay guidelines. The approved
project in October, is it subject to the January guidelines or is it
grandfathered in and can be whatever? How does that work?

Mr. Lait: I think there would be a lot of opportunity for a discussion about
how that would actually work. When we come back with the IR Guidelines,
you can talk about where you want it to be, with the point in time where you
want them to be applicable to.

Council Member Filseth: Are they likely to be retroactive to a project that's
already in the pipeline? Probably not, right?

Mr. Lait: The Council has taken retroactive action on other ordinances
recently, so that could be a possibility, if the Council were interested. Again,
that's down the road.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I might interject. When we have pipeline issues, it would
probably be worthwhile when this comes back at a first cut that we make
clear to folks whether things would apply to pipeline or not apply to pipeline,
so that there's transparency.

Council Member Filseth: In that case, since the Motion says it's up to a
year, we could conceivably come back in the fall or something like that, and
say, "We've dealt with the pipeline issues in a way. We've dealt with the
compatibility issues. We'll just get rid of the SSO now." We could do that,
right?

Mayor Burt: I do need to clarify. I don't see anything in here that is saying
we would eliminate SSO ordinances. This is a second alternative to SSO. If
people qualify under SSOs, that's still eligible under this Motion.

Council Member DuBois: He means the interim SSO.
                                                                         Page 79 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
