                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: For my purposes, it seems like what is meant by
resilience might be better described by a little bit of a fleshing out of the
term. Resilience can mean a number of different things. Pardon me for this,
but on the design principles, the last one on page—no page number. It's the
next to last page. Use ambient resources, maximize the efficient capture
and use of the energy and water that fall on Palo Alto. Can I suggest that
energy doesn't fall on Palo Alto? A better way of stating that might be
maximize the efficient capture and use of energy and local rainwater. Again,
energy doesn't fall on Palo Alto. Next under the design criteria, it is a
sustainability thing. Council Member Kniss started to go there; I thought
that's where she was going to go. Appreciate other comments that were
made by her. It seems to me that air quality really should be a category.
Other comments. I agree with one of the speakers who said and wrote to
us, Bruce Hodge, who said that there, in my words, are a lot of strategies
and not priorities. I think it would be helpful to have low-hanging fruit
identified, the things that are achievable and attainable. In other words,
have some prioritization there. There's some things that are missing for me.
It's sort of like designing a diet but not counting the cake that we eat that's
got cream cheese frosting on it. There's some gaps in here for me. I agree
absolutely with the comments that Council Member DuBois made about
internal combustion engines. There's no discussion that I discovered here
about the Palo Alto airport and the leaded fuel that's used by airplanes
there, nor is there any conversation about calculating offsets for how much
travel comes in and out of Palo Alto airport. When we're doing our own
footprint analysis, we do count air traffic or air travel, because that is one of
the highest impacts that we have on the environment in terms of
greenhouse gas emissions. That just seems to be a gaping hole. You want
to make a comment on that.

Mr. Friend: Thank you, Council Members. That and many of the other
things that a number of you have referenced as missing pieces are in the
implementation plans. They're a layer down in the detail. Airport is covered
under the municipal operations. Some of the other things you've referenced
will be there. If you have other things that are missing, we'd certainly like
to know about them.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I didn't catch that.

Mr. Friend: In all this, we're trying to balance—in the draft that we brought
back in April, there are I think 350 different measures. We're trying to find
a manageable way to get you through the high-level framework first and
then dive deep. Otherwise, if we go through those one at a time, we'll never
get anywhere, and there won't be a logic to it. If there are things missing,
we very much want to hear them.
                                                                         Page 44 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
