                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: My thought on this one was similar to what Council
Member Scharff said. Just to include it one of the higher growth scenarios
for evaluation. It would be in 5, not in 6. We would have the comparison,
where right now it's only in Scenario 2. We could even specify that this is
the HOV one. Scenario 2 is without HOV. If that's clearer.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Were you saying with HOV or without HOV?

Council Member DuBois: If you wanted to test both, I'm happy with it just
being in ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd prefer it with HOV so we can test it as opposed to
the one without HOV.

Mayor Burt: Is the Motion to test it with HOV or without HOV or both? Both
becomes problematic, I think.

Council Member DuBois: It's already in Scenario 2 as the County proposes.
This would be with HOV.

Mayor Burt: Do we have clarity on what's being referred to as the County
proposal? Was that adding the lane with the HOV?

Ms. Gitelman: I'll have to confirm with the traffic engineer how they
modeled it in Scenario 2. I think they modeled an additional lane. The text
of the EIR describes the Council's position as wanting it to be HOV. I'll have
to ask them how it was analyzed.

Mayor Burt: For our purposes tonight, are we to assume that it does include
the HOV, because that was the City ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: The easiest thing to do would be to say we'd like one
with HOV and one without HOV. If you modeled it with HOV, let's model it
without HOV.

Council Member DuBois: Right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's just have two.

Mayor Burt: Going back to Council Member DuBois, is that acceptable on
what you want to have in this Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: You probably need to change the language.

Council Member DuBois: If you could change the language so that we have
Scenario 2 and Scenario 5, one is with HOV and one is without.
                                                                        Page 61 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
