                          TRANSCRIPT
time, to try to limit the impact to services. We'll have to explore any new
revenue opportunities or new revenues that have arisen.             I believe I
mentioned to the Finance Committee—I'm trying to remember because it's
fairly recent. As a result of our cleanup of the UUT, utility user tax, and our
hotel tax ordinance, we're seeing new revenues and increased revenues.
For example, the online, the Expedias of the world and so on, remitted us
the revenues going back to January as a result of the cleanup. We will have
almost a full year if not nine months of some projection of those new
revenues.     The UUT revenues have gone up $800,000 more than we
thought. Unfortunately for us, we can't explain it to you, because we don't
get data from the telephone companies. We just get the check basically.
We'll look harder at revenues and any potential new revenues, adjustments
to fees and obviously look at our expenses.

Council Member DuBois:          Just a few comments.      I think we have a
communications challenge as a Council. We're in a boom cycle, and I don't
think a lot of citizens realize how tight the budget is. If we're going to talk
about a business tax or a transportation tax, I think we really need to
communicate the state of our budget.             I think people see all the
construction, and they know we're in kind of a boom period. They don't
really realize that we're not necessarily seeing as much revenue and the rate
that our expenses are growing at the same time. I'm glad the Finance
Committee did their work. I agree, I don't think we should be dipping into
reserves in a year like this year, when revenue is really clicking. We're
going to have to find more structural cutting into expenses ongoing. I think
I'd find it useful in the future, for next year, to really see a summary of
discretionary spending versus nondiscretionary. Not being on the Finance
Committee, it can be very hard to digest this budget. My intuition is there's
a relatively small amount of discretionary funding. We have a large budget.
We spend a lot of time talking about what sound like relatively small items,
but if you get down to what's really our discretionary spending, they're
probably more relevant actually discussions. I guess my opinion is we
should go with Scenario B. Reading what's there, it sounds like several
projects aren't necessarily shovel ready. There is the money to get to
Scenario B. I had a question about Slide 10 that you showed tonight. I
guess this is an updated Scenario B essentially, with all the latest
information. It's slightly different than the packet.

Ms. Nose: Just to orient everybody really quickly. Finance Committee had
two scenarios. Scenario A that had a $2 million reduction in capital.
Scenario B eliminated the use of the General Fund BSR with a $5 million
reduction in CIP projects. The slide up here is showing—I wouldn't say quite
an update to Scenario B, but just an update overall to the budget and kind
of giving context. The $1.3 million is an update; that's not reflected in any
                                                                            Page 43 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
