                          TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “evaluate higher housing growth than in
Scenario 4.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just want to make a macro statement that we
might have to consider it when we come back to talk about housing. We
talk here about direct (inaudible) further mitigations along with prospective
mitigation and enforcement measures for a scenario that improves the
quality of life in Palo Alto. I don't know that we've ever defined what the
quality of life in Palo Alto means. We talk a lot about how it means
transportation and parking and how many seconds you have to wait at an
intersection, but we don't talk at all about whether or not it includes
socioeconomic diversity or the ability of renters to stay in their homes or any
of that kind of stuff. To me, it does. I'll take this opportunity to say, Staff,
to me that's what that means. I think we as a Council need to probably
have a conversation about that so that we all know what we're talking about
when we throw this term that we throw around every five minutes. One
more quick point. Looking at the different scenarios, I'm struck by how—if
you look at City total vehicle miles traveled and you look at Scenario Two,
slowing growth and you look at Scenario Four, the sustainability tested,
that's an increase of 62 1/2 percent in housing, and it's an increase of less
than one percent in City total vehicle miles traveled. The decisions that
we're going to be making are compromises. We have to decide what
impacts we're willing to handle in exchange for what benefits we get out of
it. I think that when we have this conversation later on, it'll be really
important not just to compare this is worse than that, but what do you gain
in exchange. That was very striking to me.

Mayor Burt: Final speaker on this. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I have a general concern about the Motion. It is
very general in nature and allows come back with a variety of perspectives,
statements and so on. What's missing is the specifics. Let me try an
amendment. We've talked a lot about the jobs/housing imbalance and what
happens to housing. Let me propose an amendment that we return to the
jobs/housing balance we had in 1990 which is 2.5, two jobs for every
employed resident, 2.47.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll second it.


                                                                          Page 76 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
