                          TRANSCRIPT
outside and walk on Lytton Avenue, I see a gigantic parking lot and a lot of
pavement. This proposal actually puts that underground and replaces it with
a very—it looks very pleasant—park with some artwork, a much enhanced
upgrade than what I currently have today.        I'd say in terms of the
development I hear a lot of questions around the need for additional
affordable housing. That's throughout the Bay Area. There's also a need for
additional housing in the Bay Area as well and specifically Palo Alto. I wish
you consider both of those as well. I'm in support, and I would encourage
everybody to support the project at 437 Lytton. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Stephanie Munoz to be followed by our final
speaker John Karl Fredrich.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Council Members and Mayor Burt. I want
to mention something that's not often mentioned. I'd like to talk about the
unseen hand. There's an economic theory that people living in a society
have some motivations that are pretty obvious. For instance, the City
Council, the obvious motivation is they have the interest of the community
at heart, and they want to have a nice-looking town in which people live
pleasant, comfortable lives and have jobs and are healthy. There's the
problem that the things that the City Council does don't always lead to those
conclusions. Something like Mephistopheles getting Dr. Faustus to do things
that he doesn't want to do. He really doesn't want to do bad things, but the
unseen hand is pushing him. Like the devil made me do it. Some 50 years
ago, the people who were on the City Council looked at a town which had
been entrusted to them, a little college town, a cute little town, nice little
houses, comfortable, not ritzy, not glorious, cute, nice, prosperous, equality,
had a lot of good qualities. They saw a possibility to make money, lots and
lots of money, to change Palo Alto into the cynosure of the civilized,
technological world. They took that opportunity. They took Stanford's land,
which had been intended to be houses up in the hills, far from the little
downtown. They turned it into an industrial powerhouse. They made a lot
of money. Palo Alto's one of the principal cities of the world. It's crowded,
and the people can't afford to live there, and they're being pushed out of
their houses. We have too many cars coming in to all these offices. Mayor
Burt pointed out some weeks ago, before the vacation, that we don't even
have legalized offices, that they're really sort of an anomaly in this planned
city. You can't have fireplaces. You can't have lawns. The City has
drastically changed, and we have a lot of homeless, which is really
unconscionable. Simply passing laws saying that the homeless have to
leave town is not a solution. I would say that we have to go back to a
balance.     We have caused unaffordable housing and we've caused
homelessness simply by supply and demand, simply by offering fewer

                                                                         Page 42 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
