                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Would that be more comparable to the gross
receipts question or is that too hard to say?

Mr. Metz: Yes, but even there—even in the first poll it was tested more
comprehensively than the way the gross receipts tax was tested.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of short questions. The first is the
County has put a housing bond on the ballot. We obviously didn't have that
information to poll for it. I'm just really going to ask you in your experience
would that affect the support for the tax measure or it'd probably have no
impact.

Mr. Metz: I would suspect that it would have relatively little impact. Charles
may want to weigh in on this as well. What we typically see is that it is
when measures have overlapping funding mechanisms or overlapping
purposes that there's some set of voters who see a conflict, as we see here
when we're looking at the VTA. The housing bond obviously will add to the
array of fiscal measures and tax measures that are going to be before
voters. At this point, it's estimated there will be 17 statewide ballot
measures that will be on the ballot. Not all of them have fiscal impacts but
...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was going to say fiscal impact.

Mr. Metz: ... many do. It sort of adds to that list, but I don't see anything
inherent about it that would lead to a conflict.

Charles Heath, TBWB Strategies: I think that the impact between the VTA
measure and this measure is much more germane to making a feasibility
discussion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You probably told us before, but what was the margin
of error in the poll?

Mr. Metz: 4.9 percent.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I don't have a lot of questions since I was fortunate
enough to sit on the Ad Hoc Committee. Dave, we've interacted a lot with
                                                                         Page 52 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
