                          TRANSCRIPT
to get a grocery store in there as soon as you possibly can. I think the
community has really had it frankly with this whole thing. I also just wanted
to briefly ask—on the 16.49.050, which was the exterior alteration of the
Downtown structures, I wanted to add the word "historic" because we'd
talked about that earlier. That was the right word you wanted in there. Is
that correct?

Mr. Yang: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Liz, would that be all right to add the word "historic"
like he suggested?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, please.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd like to just add that in, in 16.49.050. It would say
"exterior alteration of historic downtown structures."

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “add to Municipal Code
Section 16.49.050; ‘historic’ after ‘exterior alteration of downtown.’” (New
Part B)

Mayor Burt: Are you done speaking?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm done. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to be very clear. This is a question
for Staff. If we make the change proposed in "A" here, when would it go to
$5,000 for Edgewood Plaza, immediately or would there be a wait?

Ms. Gitelman: I think our reading of this is the 181st day has well passed.
We would be able to begin assessing these increased penalties immediately.
The first day we would charge a fee of $2,500; it would go up by 50 percent.
It would double to $5,000 on the third day.

Council Member Wolbach: On the third day?

Ms. Gitelman: That's right. Now in all likelihood, after the Council's action
this evening, it'll take us a few days to finalize theResolution. We'll transmit
a copy of that to the property owner with a notice that this is going to
commence. It's not going to be tomorrow, but it's going to be some day
really soon.


                                                                          Page 29 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
