                          TRANSCRIPT
don't know if the visiting customers is literally from our Code or if that's
Mr. Levinsky's.

Mr. Lait: Where are you in the letter, if I can get that clarification?

Mayor Burt: At the bottom of the second page, under "2.3."

Mr. Lait: That section reads as it's quoted here. Parking facilities accessory
to a permitted or conditional use and located on the same site. That's the
exemption. You don't count those areas toward floor area.

Mayor Burt: That's basically employee and visiting customers, right?

Mr. Lait: No. In the letter, the last half of that sentence is not in the Code.

Mayor Burt: What does the Code say?

Mr. Lait: There's Subsection B, and this is (B)(1) that reads after it. "B"
says nonresidential, multifamily exclusions for all zones, zoning districts
other than a few that are not applicable here. Gross floor area shall not
include the following. One, parking facilities accessory to a permitted or
conditional use and located on the same floor. Two, it goes on to talk about
roofed arcades, which is the one that we went through earlier. There's
nothing in here about visitor or employee parking that I'm seeing.

Mayor Burt: That's the Code section he cites?

Mr. Lait: That's the same Code section. I'm looking at 18.04.030. I think
it's definition 65(B)(1). Is that what he's got?

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Mr. Lait: That's from the Municipal Code.

Mayor Burt: I've never encountered that we exempted parking that was for
vehicular storage or parking that is for service from FAR.

Mr. Lait: What we have here is we're counting the service bay area, but
what is not counted is the cars waiting to be serviced.

Mayor Burt: What about cars that are storage for sale, not on the showroom
floor?

Mr. Lait: Those do count toward floor area.

Mayor Burt: They are?

                                                                            Page 113 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
