                         TRANSCRIPT
jobs or housing, that's another balance.      I think the Council has the
opportunity to pick and choose different elements from each scenario and
kind of craft one that is right for this community. Otherwise, I think it's
been a really good Committee. I would encourage any of you to attend. As
Council Member Kniss asked, there is food. It's a really great opportunity to
see Palo Altans come together, share ideas that may be down the middle of
the road or out of left field. That's how we're getting things done. Thank
you.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Adrian. Don, then Amy, then Shani, then Doria,
then Len. If you would come and line up behind there. Not yet. Is there
anyone else? Annette or Lydia?

Don McDougall, CAC Member: Thank you very much for a chance to address
the Council. I'm Don McDougall. I'm on the Library Committee as well as
the CAC and, as you know, a participant in the Environmental Volunteers.
Just a slight digression, I would invite and welcome, be interested in hosting
anyone who wanted to spend time inside the EcoCenter at any time. I'm
going to do a random walk through several—got a taker—comments and
start with actually what Tom was talking about and, I think, Arthur
mentioned in terms of data and measurement. I think there's a great deal
of enthusiasm that we need more data, whether that data comes through
references or consulting. We need to make sure that whatever data we're
using, we're at least identifying that data—to make this decision, we used
this data—so somebody later on can look at it and say, "That was the wrong
data." At least they would understand why we used that particular data as
input. As Elaine said, a real interest in data driven. A second comment
which is slightly different in terms of cross-referencing things. We'll be
coming to you with the Community Services Element draft. In that we even
started to discuss cross-referencing relative to how often did we include
seniors, how often did we include teens, so we could subdivide and make
sure that we're addressing the various constituencies in the community.
Quality of life was mentioned. That's something the Committee talks about
all the time, but then there's a question of how do you measure quality of
life. One of the things I think the CAC needs to do, and maybe Council can
even give us direction on, is some idea of what leading indicators. I don't
know that there's a number that says quality of life is 3.2 or 4.7 or whether
there's a Richter scale that goes with that or whatever. Maybe there are
some leading indicators. I think the CAC has a responsibility. A digression
from that, there's been talk about whether we should be prioritizing goals. I
don't think the CAC should be prioritizing goals. I think goals are the milieu
of Council; you should be providing us with goals. I think we should be
willing, and you should be willing to entertain, if we come back and say,
"That was a really good goal, but we've got a better idea of how to modify or
                                                                            Page 68 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
