                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: It wasn't clear. There currently are two. I'm just
curious a little bit how you think charging an entrance fee is going to impact
the number of visits.

Mr. Aiken: It's one of the things we've looked at in our pro forma, that
we're studying. We are currently doing a statistically relevant count of
visitors now, and then we're taking that number and assuming that some
people will drop off and either choose not to come or will choose to purchase
memberships instead of buying a ticket each time. Then, the pro forma is
split into revenue from adult and children's ticket sales. It's interesting.
Every museum in the country has gone through these discussions and these
challenges as we figure out ways to pay for cultural institutions. There's
been a recent history of some paid museums going free and then turning
around and going back to paid and vice versa. The challenge is most of
these institutions can't survive on their own, and they also can't survive
without bringing money to the table. There needs to be a balance of both.
We also believe that the community needs time to digest this and to
understand what we're proposing here. We would like to do more outreach
and focus groups and really find out a little bit more about how our visitors
make their choices to come to us versus our competitors like CuriOdyssey
and Children's Discovery Museum and some of the other zoos in the region.

Council Member DuBois: Even though it's free now, there's a large donation
thing at the front door. Do you have an effective entrance fee? Do most
people make a donation?

Mr. Aiken: We suggest a $5 donation now. Our last visitor survey showed
that people on average were giving us about $2 1/2 per visit. I think that
has to do with a lot of repeat visitation, but also had to do with some
problems that we had with just having cash on hand for making change.
Recently, we've put a card swipe machine in for making that donation, and
the revenue has gone up. I think people are willing to pay. We've also
asked questions of our visitors about their willingness to pay. Everybody
says they're willing to pay something. The question is how much.

Council Member DuBois: Just looking at the maps—thank you for all those
different. The Girl Scout building, it looked like the park actually goes
around the Girl Scout building. Is it not part of the park? If it's not, is it
City-owned?

Mr. McClure: The actual park boundary itself as it's noted on the maps and
recorded does jog around the Girl Scout building. There's sort of a …

Council Member DuBois: Is that a City-owned building?

                                                                         Page 12 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
