                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: One other question I had. You had a very nice
graph showing that the share of students who want a permit has been going
down. Part of that is because of lifestyle, but I'm sure part of it is because
of cost. Can you give an idea of what you charge for a permit and has that
changed over the decade?

Ms. Poling: I think I'm going to let Brian Shaw answer that one.

Brian Shaw: Stanford University, Parking and Transportation Services
Director: Good evening. Parking permit prices have gone up every year
since that graph was put into place. Percentages vary quite a bit. It's been
as low as, say, two or three percent, and it's been as high as up to 20
percent throughout that time. We can provide that data set if you're
interested under separate cover. We've got that information going back
years. Price does have an influence on the choice of whether someone
chooses to buy a permit. Certainly it does. We also believe there's changes
in the younger demographics.        A proclivity to own and need to use
automobiles also plays into that declining rate of parking permit purchases in
addition to the increasing price that the permit does have. The C permit,
which is the cheapest permit that we have that residents are able to buy is
roughly $30 a month. Students can purchase that on a monthly basis; they
can purchase it for the entire academic year or the entire 12-month calendar
year depending upon their residential period of time that they're on campus.

Council Member Schmid: That's very helpful. One last question on the Staff
Report, second page of the Staff Report. It says Stanford's housing proposal
comes at a time when the City is considering ways to address the impact of
its ratio of jobs to employed residents. This University's proposal is in
keeping with our ongoing discussions. I think one of the things that struck
me was your number of what? About 32 percent decline in trips by moving
people closer to where their activity center is. I would like to ask Staff
whether that is not a good and effective proposal for dealing with the
Stanford Research Park.

Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Good
evening, Mayor Burt, Council Members. Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. I think I wrote the sentence that you're referring to in the Staff
Report. It was really meant to say that the City is having this larger
conversation about the ratio between jobs and employed residents. To the
extent that additional housing is proposed, whether it's in the City or in the
sphere of influence, which is the campus, it contributes to adjusting that
ratio. I'll let you infer what that means for other parts of the City, but that's
all that we meant by that sentence.


                                                                         Page 14 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
