                         TRANSCRIPT
center, which makes affordability for housing extremely difficult. Stanford
gave us the hints of a solution. They said dense, infill housing near transit
and jobs cuts traffic. They didn't add especially when the number of
graduate student places remains the same. That's an important lesson. We
can make a difference if we balance jobs and growth and put the jobs where
they make the most sense, near jobs, near services, near transit, near
entertainment where you have options, walkable options, and full of life.
That's in places where you have blocks, where you can walk in different
directions, not in strings where you walk along a single path. All the maps
from the Housing Element go back to the issue that the housing committee
ended up with. We have now our housing sites dispersed. There's one-third
in the Downtown area, one-third in the Cal. Ave. area, one-third strung out
along South El Camino Real and San Antonio Road. If you look carefully,
there's a very strange thing in there. The two places that are most
walkable, the Downtown center and the Cal. Ave. center, only account for
about 20 percent of those housing sites. The places that make the most
sense are where there are the fewest number of these houses. I would be
very much in favor of targeting housing growth in the Downtown area, in the
Cal. Ave. area and in the Stanford Research Park where the jobs are and
they're trying to create a balanced community. Bottom line for me, I guess,
is moderate growth with a balance of jobs and housing, I think, would give
us like Stanford has given us a lesson tonight a way to begin to change the
3:1 ratio and the issues and problems that we seem to have created.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: If anybody's still awake, I have three ideas I'd like
to try to get across, maybe broaden the discussion a little bit. (inaudible)
recovering houses in our neighborhoods. The new mixed use definition, this
residential and retail (R&R) zone in Downtown and Cal. Ave. Three is really,
I think, building on Council Member Filseth's idea of targeting housing for
specific users. We really haven't talked much about recovering housing. I
think we could probably most quickly, simply by enforcing some of our
residential ordinances, actually get back a lot of existing housing. Again, we
just recovered potentially housing tonight by approving the Stanford project.
I am very concerned about short-term rentals, Airbnb. I've been tracking it
for the last year. We have a huge number, as much as San Jose, probably
over 600. I think many of those, you can tell they're clearly speculators. A
hundred percent of the house is rented out on a daily basis. They advertise
as they're in nice, quiet neighborhoods. They're very expensive. The
quickest way to actually add housing would be to eliminate speculation in
our neighborhoods, short-term rentals, and turn that into long-term rentals.
I also think we need to enforce prohibiting businesses running out of
neighborhood houses. I think we've probably all heard stories. I mean, I've
                                                                       Page 90 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
