                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Yet, we're showing five years from now we won't
have any trouble at all.

Mr. Perez: It's a good question. It's something that's an issue for all of us
in the finance world. We beat up CalPERS on this. With technology the way
it is, why are they basically two years in arrears. It's in the report that we
sent to you from CalPERS. They took the 2.4 rate of return experienced into
consideration as they made their projection for our Fiscal Year '17 annual
contribution. While the data set is dated, the rate of return assumption,
when they do it November, they already know the June 30, 2015, in this
case. They use that rate of return experience in their numbers.

Council Member Schmid: It does seem to be a quite dramatic, long-term
decline in unfunded liability. Let me just make one other point. The most
positive thing on the revenue side is Property Tax. I would note you made a
point that there's thousands of homes that are valued at under $600,000. If
you look carefully at the annual turnover, you see there's probably about
250 homes at the upper limit that are sold and account for about 50 percent
of the total gain in appreciation and Property Tax.         I think that's a
vulnerability. If that market changed in any way, the 250 might not be
there next year that have been there in the past. We should be very
sensitive around that and maybe the share of rentals that are in our market.
I guess the bottom line, as Eric said, is we should track year by year what
the unfunded liabilities are. We should be very sensitive around the parcel
sales.

Mr. Perez: Having Mr. Bartel here tomorrow, we can certainly get into those
levels of detail with him.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Thank you. Just a quick question. I think this
has been covered in bits and pieces from other questions. On Packet Page
328, the pension rates by plan. I noticed that it continues to rise—we've
done something new. Lalo, forgive me if you discussed this. I'm not sure if
you went into the detail. We've now asked Bartel and Associates to do an
actual analysis for 10 years out, because CalPERS only provides it four or
five, I think.

Mr. Perez: Five years.

Council Member Berman: I think the results of that are pretty interesting.
It shows a plateau for a couple of years, and then starts to go down. This is
the pension rates by plan. Would you mind just talking to that for another
minute?
                                                                       Page 98 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
