                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. The total number of protests received is three, not
higher than the 50 percent required subject to the rate increases. Since
there's no majority protest on refuse rates, the motion to adopt the refuse
rate changes shall be made as part of the ordinance adopting the budget for
Fiscal Year 2017 at a later time in the meeting. Our next item is the
wastewater rate increases.      There are 22,429 property owners and
wastewater customers subject to wastewater rate changes, meaning that
11,215 protests are needed to create a majority. I'll now ask the Clerk to
provide the number of written protests received against the proposed
wastewater rate increases.

Ms. Minor: I received three written protests.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The total number received of three is not higher
than the 50 percent of the total wastewater customers subject to the rate
increases. Since there is no majority protest on wastewater rates, the
motion to adopt the wastewater rate changes shall be made as part of the
ordinance adopting the budget for Fiscal Year 2017. Finally, regarding the
proposed water rate changes, there are 19,535 property owners and water
customers subject to water rate changes, meaning that 9,768 protests are
needed to create a majority. I will now ask the City Clerk to provide the
number of written protests received against proposed water rate increases.

Ms. Minor: I received three written protests.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The total number received of three is not higher
than the 50 percent of the total water customers subject to the rate
increases. Since there's no majority protest on water rates, the motion to
adopt the water changes shall be made as part of the ordinance adopting the
budget for Fiscal Year 2017. We're now going to move on to Phase 1 of
deliberations on the budget. We segregated this into Stanford-related items
because Council Member DuBois has a conflict. Council Member DuBois, did
you want to state your conflict and recusal?

Council Member DuBois: Because I have a source of income from Stanford,
I will recuse myself on the Stanford items.

Council Member DuBois left the meeting at 8:20 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. City Attorney, did you want to just make a
statement consistent with Council Member DuBois' recusal?

Ms. Stump: We do this many times. Council Members who have a source of
income with respect to an entity or person coming before the Council—there
are Stanford contractual matters in the budget—needs to not participate.
                                                                         Page 20 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
