                         TRANSCRIPT
assessment. A determination was made there, but you also have the area of
significant impact.     In the approval letter—it was the supplemental
investigation of risk assessment report. In our approval letter, specifically
that that area—DTSC had to approve the measures proposed for that area.
That area remains to be addressed.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I was trying to understand. You're still
looking at this, and that no building permit will be issued until you're
satisfied. That's what I took out of the Staff Report. I just wanted to make
sure that was correct. Maybe it’s not.

Ms. Gitelman: If I could clarify our statement. My understanding is that the
area where DTSC still needs to agree to management controls is the open
space area where those hotspots occur. What we were suggesting as Staff
is one way for us, the City, to ensure that all this reaches a conclusion
expeditiously is to say that we will withhold issuing building permits for the
seven homes that are closest to those hotspots. That's something we would
impose, not DTSC.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Got it. We would impose that. Do you think that's an
appropriate thing to impose?

Mr. Piros: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: This is difficult because obviously none of us up here
are experts in this area. We obviously have the concern of safety both for
the Stanford residents who would be there and for the College Terrace
residents. Is there any reason why we wouldn't do this? Why we wouldn't
make those changes from a safety perspective?

Mr. Piros: I'm sorry, can you state specifically which changes are you ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is there any reason why we wouldn't approve the
subdivision map changes tonight, for instance? Is there any reason we
wouldn't do that that would enhance safety? That's the real question.

Mr. Piros: Not that I can think of, no. The risk assessment only says did it
address the proposed development area. The other area of significant
impact still remains to be addressed.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Mr. Siegel raised the issue of putting in the pipe that
goes up, that takes out the vapor, basically, and concentrates it, I guess,
and distributes it up into the sky. I thought that was a—that's what I took
out of his presentation of what he thought should be done. That's obviously
not one of the requirements that you have imposed. Obviously, he said he
                                                                        Page 38 of 80
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/28/16
