                    ACTION MINUTES
     Exempt From the Provisions of CEQA per Class 8 Categorical
     Exemption, Which Applies to Actions Taken by Regulatory Agencies, as
     Authorized by State or Local Ordinance, to Assure the Maintenance,
     Restoration, Enhancement, or Protection of the Environment Where
     the Regulatory Process Involves Procedures for Protection of the
     Environment.

Public Hearing opened at 10:05 P.M.

Public Hearing closed at 10:24 P.M.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Kniss to continue this Item to a date uncertain.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Wolbach to adopt a Resolution adopting the Professorville Historic
District Design Guidelines as included in the Staff Report and direct Staff to
return with suggested revisions at a future date.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION FAILED: 4-5 Berman, Burt, Scharff, Wolbach yes

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

7.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Ordinance Approving Revisions to
     the Number and Wording of the Architectural Review Findings in
     Palo Alto Municipal Code Chapter 18.76 and Approval of an Exemption
     Under Sections 15061 and 15305 of the California Environmental
     Quality Act Guidelines. The Planning and Transportation Commission
     Recommended Council Approval of the Ordinance.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 11:38 P.M.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Burt to
adopt an Ordinance modifying the Architectural Review Approval Findings
including the following changes:

A.   Replace Finding Number 5 with the April 11, 2016 Council directed
     language for Finding Number 5, “the landscape design compliments
     and enhances the building design and its surroundings, is appropriate
     to the site’s functions, and utilizes, to the extent practical, indigenous


                                                                             Page 3 of 7
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                               Action Minutes: 9/12/16
