                          TRANSCRIPT
requirements for this building, they add up the requirements for each
different use as the Code requires. The ink in our City Code is written in
black ink. It doesn't fade away. It's not that the ink is there when you do it
for parking, and then the ink disappears when you do it for loading area.
It's the very same Code. If the Staff acknowledges that's the way to do it
for parking, that's the way to do it for loading and the loading areas
required. Doria will speak next. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Doria Summa, to be followed
by Fabian Frank.

Doria Summa: Good evening, Mayor and City Council and Staff. Thank you
for letting us speak to this issue. Question Number 2, can the loading space
be in the street? Staff says yes, but we've gone over this, and it's really
clear actually that the loading is required onsite and cannot be on the street.
I should put my glasses on. The problem with this is that it was a sensible
law because it said going forward when people rebuild these buildings in
Downtown and other places in Palo Alto that don't have loading areas, we
would like them to be onsite so we don't take up public resources. The harm
is it definitely lowers the number of available parking spaces by taking two
for a loading site. It potentially pushes two more cars in front of residences.
We already know what a big problem that is. It can be an inconvenience to
retail users who want to park close and pop in and do something. It gives
something of great value, at least 120,000, to a private owner of public
property. We don't see that there are other buildings nearby that need this
loading zone, that meet the requirements for the loading zone. It likely
wouldn't be used by other buildings. In summary, we believe that one
loading area is required for Lytton. By law, it cannot be on the street; it has
to be onsite. The plans that are submitted here do not meet the Code for
that reason.       We think that you should consider that when you are
considering how to respond to this application and potentially reject it based
on that and other factors. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Fabian Frank, to be followed
by Smardu Vikram.

Fabian Frank: Good evening. My name is Fabian, and I'm fairly new to the
Bay Area. I've been here for 4 1/2 years, and I'm working in Palo Alto in the
Downtown area. As it happens, I also on Sundays play in the Palo Alto adult
soccer league, which means six days per week I have to be in Palo Alto. I
don't live in Palo Alto because there is not enough market rate housing
available, so that there is something suitable for my family. If I would be
able to live in Palo Alto, that means I would not park in Palo Alto six days
per week. That means I would not drive to Palo Alto six days per week from

                                                                         Page 40 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
