                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, you wanted to come back in?

Council Member Wolbach:         Yeah.   First, actually on this question of
synchronization that DuBois just mentioned, that goes back to what Vice
Mayor Scharff was talking about. What we're choosing here is between 1
and 2. We're not choosing whether to do the light signal synchronization.
That's a completely separate issue. Staff is already moving on that. We've
talked more about how they can move faster, other options they might
explore such as taking, perhaps under an agreement, local control over that
intersection. I'm sorry. That's really not relevant to this conversation.
There's no four second improvement suggested by 2 over 1. There's a 2
1/2-second improvement, which under our rules in Palo Alto is not a major
impact. That's about the length of time you have to stop when you're at a
stop sign. Taking the length of time essentially to stop at a stop sign to
significantly improve bicycle safety and to increase the number of people
who will want to bike based on all of the feedback we've gotten through our
PTC and the PABAC, I'll be sticking with supporting the Substitute Motion.

Mayor Burt: Just in response to that claim that we would not be doing
anything for cars. In addition to the traffic reduction, we will be having the
synchronization which will benefit automobiles. On top of that, this is not
only about improved bike efficiency and mode share. It is about bike safety.
The issue of whether we're going to have a safer alternative here really does
matter. Now both of these improve bike safety significantly over what we
currently have. Alternative 1 is the safer mode, and that should matter a
lot. I think we're ready to vote on the Substitute Motion. That passes on a
5-4 vote with Council Members Schmid, DuBois, Vice Mayor Schmid and
Council Member Holman voting no. That passes. Thank you for your
participation. Either way for some really outstanding alternatives that are
going to benefit our community. Thank you.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 5-4 DuBois, Holman, Scharff, Schmid, no

8.   Review of the Draft Transportation Element Prepared by the
     Comprehensive Plan Update Community Advisory Committee
     (Continued From August 15, 2016).

James Keene, City Manager: I'll turn it over to the Staff as they're sitting
down, Mr. Mayor. I'm sure you're going to have a lot to talk about. I'd just
remind you all that these same folks are going to be at the Citizens Advisory
Committee meeting tomorrow night supporting their conversations on land
use.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a review of the draft Transportation Element
for our Comprehensive Plan that's been prepared by the Comprehensive Plan
                                                                       Page 88 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/19/16
