                          TRANSCRIPT
away. This uses a lot of energy, and it's terrible for the environment, and
it's also a big part of the reason why there's so much traffic both in the City
and in between the cities down 101 every day. Speaking of which, I've
heard that there's concerns around traffic.        If we add housing and
population, that's only going to increase the amount of traffic, but that
doesn't have to necessarily be true. Adding population only increases traffic
here because this City is extremely car dependent. Last year I visited
Osaka, Japan. You can walk to everything there. They put city services like
grocery stores and post office and people's daily needs everywhere, near
houses. You can just walk; you don't have to live downtown. You can live
anywhere and walk to what you need. There's almost no traffic on most of
the roads. In short, I think the first four options here don't really do
anything to solve Palo Alto's imbalance of jobs to housing other than trying
to curb job growth, which should be a self-evident dumb idea. I don't think
they're even worth considering, to be honest. Please just remember that
the young and the renters and the non-millionaires living in Palo Alto, they
are your constituents too. The City has not been meeting their needs at all.
It needs to stop. Please build as much housing as possible. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is William Macrae, to be followed
by Kate Downing.

William Macrae: Hi there. I live by Greer Park, and I work Downtown.
Sometimes while I'm working Downtown, I read way too many anonymous
comments on the internet, and some of them are about the future of Palo
Alto. You hear sentiments like, "Sure, housing is expensive, but building
more just won't affect the price." "We're in such a severe crisis, that there's
just nothing we can do." Here's another. "We're in a drought amidst a
changing climate, and it would be environmentally irresponsible to develop
more." One more is that Palo Alto is plagued by traffic and parking
problems, that building more housing will certainly worsen those, and that
current residents' quality of life and convenience trump even the basic needs
of outsiders and those who soon won't be able to afford to stay. There are
many more arguments; maybe you'll hear some tonight. I happen to
disagree with all of them. Some for multiple reasons. The beauty of the
decision you make tonight is it's just an option that we'll study. No matter
how these concerns pan out in the studies, we could have a more informed
discourse with the results in hand. I urge you to take a careful look at what
more housing near Palo Alto transit would look like. The first four options
don't come near addressing the obvious needs of our town and region. Let's
not study five options with such a narrow range of housing; let's look at one
plan where we do our share of housing for residents of the town and region
and employees of this town too. Even if the points I read with names like
M2GRS or resident or, of course, curmudgeon were true, studying these
                                                                        Page 75 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
