                          TRANSCRIPT
some comments about whether the Ordinance was appropriate. Like a lot of
us, they emphasized with the applicant. Is there anyone from PTC here? It
would have appropriate to come back and suggest that PTC would have
requested a revision to the definition of a variance. I would say that—
Council Member Holman touched on this—any kind of contextual setback, if
it's an average, is going to exhibit this behavior. It's not necessarily goofy.
If there were five properties being averaged, they're still going to move back
and forth based on what you're averaging. It gets to the idea of a
contextual setback. At some point, you're going to have a property that hits
the edge case whatever rule we come up with. My understanding is that this
rule did come about through a pretty thoughtful process. It seems broken
when you have so few properties. I would support revisiting this rule, but it
needs to go through the process of really thinking about contextual setbacks
and what we're trying to do when you have this kind of variety of depth. I'm
concerned that we're just calling it a variance because it's expedient.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I just want to second some of the comments that
Council Member Scharff made, especially in regards to the ability to agree
with the findings. He's absolutely right that the special circumstances—it
jumps out of the page at you. The other three properties that were taken
into consideration all traverse the entire block. This is the only one that
does not. Not only does that make me very comfortable with the findings,
but this is the perfect example of when a variance is warranted. A variance
is warranted when strict interpretation of the Code leads to a result that's
worse than what's being proposed. In this instance, this is a perfect
example where a 32-foot setback, given the context of the neighborhood, of
that block, of the block across the street, makes a lot more sense than a 37-
foot setback. Not to mention the possible further implications as other
homes on the block are redeveloped. I would also suggest, when this does
come back to us for cleanup, that there be some sort of exception written in
where not only do we have this rule, if we choose to keep it, where the
shallowest and the most further are eliminated. Not only have it so that the
shallowest setback and the deepest setback are eliminated, but if there's an
instance where that ever isn't taken into account—we might write that out of
the ordinance. Any time there's a setback that's 2X the average on the
block, it's automatically eliminated or something to that effect, or even 50
percent greater. That's the exception, and that throws off the calculus.
That's clearly the case here which is leading to this abnormal average that
warrants the variance that hopefully we approve tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.
                                                                         Page 34 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
