                          TRANSCRIPT
to Parks and Rec to initiate dedicating these is appropriate. I guess that's
the last thing, except I do think—just for general purposes, whether it's part
of the 10.5 acres or the 7.7 acres or wherever we do that—we do need to
have space that is certainly just put into natural use for people to be able to
chill. The community garden where I have a place, people have planted
butterfly gardens. To see the delight that people express when they see
monarchs that have come there is just great. I need to hush here. Thank
you all.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: It feels like we're getting really close to wrapping
up the Master Plan. Thank you, guys, for all the hard work. I was also
pleased to see reference to the National Rec and Park Association standard
of four acres per resident. A lot of cities meet that requirement. San
Francisco is at four acres per resident. We really haven't identified a
strategy for catching up. I'd really like to see that maybe emphasized a little
more. We have a lot of spaces that are basically being effective parks.
There's a park at the Ventura Community Center, which we don't really
consider a park because it's owned by the School District and subject to a
lease. It's actually the best park in Ventura. The Boulware Park there we
get a lot of emails about, that it needs some help. I'm really interested in
seeing some concept plans for that park. I did see the program about
dedicating a lot of facilities as parks. I really hope you can come back with
some of those very quickly. Winter Lodge, Gamble Garden, all those
facilities would be great to dedicate as parks. Just to echo Council Member
Holman. I don't know if you guys have this letter from Enid Pearson. I'd
really love you guys to go through this and just look at a lot of these places
as potentially dedicated parks. I think one that was mentioned in an email
we got as well was Strawberry Hill, which is this little triangle of land
trapped behind Gunn High School and Bol Park. There's no way to reach it
by road. It would be great to just turn that into a park. The other one that
I didn't see on any of the lists was the switching station that we briefly
considered for the police station on Bayshore. I believe it's not being used
as a switching station anymore, and it's a fairly big chunk of land, I believe,
right next to the creek. On the Baylands, again that seems like a really big
opportunity, the Baylands Athletic Center. I'd love to see a detailed plan for
that and potentially including some creative fundraising. We do have a lot of
adult sports leagues. That seems like a place where concentrated adult
activities might free up some of the ones that are easier to get to for kids. I
understand we've had different definitions over time of what a neighborhood
park is versus a regional park. It seemed like you were kind of blurring that
distinction in the Plan, which I think was okay. When it comes to public
feedback, I think we should be sensitive to which parks have been used
                                                                       Page 18 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
