                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Yes, that's what they have here.

Mr. Keene: There is no more ongoing ...

Council Member Schmid: That's in the first year.

Mr. Keene: There's no five year cost to the City.

Council Member Schmid: Both Motivate and SoBi have City cost in there.
One has $6.8 million, and the other has $4.1.

Mr. Keene: This is an old model.

Mayor Burt: That's the former proposal. It's not what's before us tonight.
It does not apply. It does not apply.

Council Member Schmid: Someone is paying that money.

Mr. Mello: It's actually not a proposal. This was our best guess back in
April, what a system would cost. Another important feature that I think we
need to note is that the sponsor, Ford, is going to be covering quite a bit of
the operating cost. A lot of the operating costs that you see on here are
actually going to be covered by the sponsorship of the larger system.

Council Member Schmid: The larger system is also going to be operating in
four or five nearby cities, each of which has a cost burden like that. They're
laying out what, $20 million? Where do they offset that with revenues?

Mayor Burt: I don't know whether it's purposeful for us to be looking at
what the private parties are doing in their investment. It's really to look
correctly at what's before us tonight, not some estimate that was 6 months
ago of a different program. That's what's before us. It would be really
efficient if we focused on that. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Three relatively easy questions. The Air Board had a
lot to do with funding the not-too-successful program, I guess. This time did
we go to them for any grants or are you figuring that the sponsor is going to
be sufficiently involved?

Mr. Mello: The $171,000 TFCA grant is actually coming from the Air Quality
Management District.

Council Member Kniss: Through VTA?

Mr. Mello: It's through VTA, yes. The County funds.


                                                                       Page 83 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
