                          TRANSCRIPT
that necessarily even occurring within these check-ins. The traffic impact
analysis methodology, I don't see that necessarily fitting within this. I see
those as high-level but discrete discussions that, once we've had those as a
Council, then that helps guide the Comp. Plan.

Council Member DuBois: We're having this discussion in the context of the
Comp. Plan. Two things here. One, we had a Priority last year, and I was
looking at the amount of time we met last year. We haven't had our Retreat
yet, but it looks like we're going to have similar Priorities. Again, part of the
thinking behind this proposal was to meet a similar amount that we did last
year. I'd be comfortable saying these are, for example, these topics It
wasn't meant to lock in only to these topics.

Mr. Keene: Housing is not on the list, for example.

Council Member DuBois: We have housing scheduled; we didn't have these
things scheduled.      These are Items that have—we either started the
discussion and haven't finished. They've been on the docket; they just
weren't scheduled. Again, not meant to be overly prescriptive or restrictive.
I'd be happy to say these are example discussion areas, but I wanted to get
that concept that we were going to make this as much a Priority this year as
last year in terms of how often we had discussions.

Mr. Dennis: Mayor Burt, if I may. One additional element that I want to be
very explicit about is the CAC was charged last year to start moving
immediately on elements. They've been doing their work for now six
months and making sure that the work that they've done, how to
incorporate that into the thinking of the Council moving forward. When they
first signed up, I don't think they anticipated working through this year. I
think we had something a little shorter than that. We've already added six
months to their lives, so I want to make sure that we incorporate that piece.

Mr. Keene: If I just might—again, I really understand the intention. I'm
just concerned that after 6 1/2 hours here we're rushing to put together a
direction that clearly is saying the Council wants a clearer timeline and
alignment of the key discussion areas you want to be able to delve into. I
find it hard to believe that every one of the Council Members let alone
anybody in the public understands what that array of those things are and
how that fits in what we already have scheduled and what needs to be
plugged in. I'd rather get a directive that has us come back even in some
way and identify what are all the issues that are either programmed to be
talked about or are lacking, and then have a thoughtful discussion about
what the schedule should be, rather than doing that right now.


                                                                              Page 95 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
