                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:   We now go onto City Manager Comments before Oral
Communications. There might be people here interested in that.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. Just
a few items to report.       Number one obviously, we had a wonderful,
engaging, and 300-person turnout at yesterday's Sustainability/Climate
Action Plan Summit. We're going to have a Study Session later on that, so I
won't say anything more. I did want to get that out for folks who may not
stick around for that portion of the Council meeting tonight. Continuing
good news on the street maintenance front.           Our Public Works Staff
completed their Citywide Street Survey for 2015 in December. Based on the
results of that Survey, our Citywide average Pavement Condition Index, or
PCI Score, is now 81. That score is a nine point increase since 2009 and
certainly reflects our continued progress toward meeting our City Council
established goal of a Citywide average PCI of 85 with no street below 60 by
the end of 2019. We're certainly on target with that. As many folks know,
some of the things that are being talked about in a potential Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA) County Sales Tax increase is how to get the
streets in the County up to that level. We're doing it already on our own and
ahead of schedule without the need for that special tax. On a related note,
just tonight on the Consent Agenda is the street resurfacing contract that
will resurface an additional 4.7 lane miles of Alma Street and Middlefield
Road with rubberized asphalt concrete. Again, this is a project as a result of
increased funding by the City Council specifically for the completion of these
sections by the end of Fiscal Year 2017. This is the second of three phases
needed in order to complete that work.             More information on our
maintenance programs can always be found at the cityofpaloalto.org website
under streets. Next up, just in a kind of arcane area, I guess, of street
signs.    About a year ago, the City's Transportation and Public Works
Departments working together to ensure Palo Alto's compliance with the
recent change in what is called the manual or uniform traffic control devices
or in this case stop signs. Most of the stop signs in Palo Alto had the small
supplemental plaques below them such as "two-way," "three-way," or "four-
way." Apparently new State regulation language requires plaques to say
"all-way" if intersection approaches are controlled by stop signs. Otherwise,
"cross-traffic does not stop" is used in combination with a stop sign when
appropriate. Over the past year, Public Works has installed over 300 "cross-
traffic does not stop" signs and over 500 "all-way" signs, and all of the
obsolete signs have now been replaced. A big thank you to our crews from
Public Works and Transportation who got this project completed. We don't
have the problem I had when I was in Berkeley of people slapping their own
additions to stop signs like "stop war," "stop eating meat," things like that.
Anyway. Lastly, the Council Retreat—I think it was a competition actually.
The Council Retreat reminder, this weekend, as if you weren't busy enough
                                                                        Page 7 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
