                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Council Members, it is 11:30. We have a set of
recommendations that is fairly complex. With that in mind, let us move onto
questions, comments or Motions. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I have a number of comments. Actually I have a
question, a question which I think is—go ahead.

Council Member Schmid: Let me make one other point. Anything we pass
tonight has to be unanimous.

Council Member Filseth:    One of the questions that came up in the
discussion of this was the disposition of day passes which don't count
towards the total, and there's not a limit on that. Do I understand that
correctly?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes, that's correct as currently written.

Council Member Filseth: Let me make a few comments then. I think we had
a lot of discussion tonight that it's not appropriate to allow Downtown office
cars into residential neighborhoods. I live in Downtown North which is
indeed a residential neighborhood, and we have a lot of Downtown office
cars there. I moved there 25 years ago, and it certainly was not like this
then. I understand what people are experiencing here. With that said, I
think it's important to understand the context here. The RPPP is about
neighborhood protection. It's about the piece of the Comp Plan that says
we're going to protect neighborhoods from the impact of commercial
vehicles. The solution for transportation is TMA and potentially parking
garages. RPP needs to be about protecting the quality of neighborhoods. I
think it's important to understand that we really do have two plans before us
tonight. One is the Staff plan, and the other one is the College Terrace plan
which has been brought up by both the Evergreen Park folks and the
Crescent Park folks. As we think about this, I believe there are two issues.
Again, we're only talking about neighborhood issues, not about City
transportation issues. I think we have two issues before us to consider, and
they conflict a little bit. One is the issue of public streets, who actually owns
the streets. The other is about neighborhood protection. I think they're
both relevant. What I mean by public streets is I have a house on Palo Alto
Avenue, but I don't own the street space in front of my house. That's a
public good. I shouldn't have the expectation that I own it. On the other
hand, I certainly have the expectation that my kid when he rides his bike
down the street shouldn't get run over by a commuter looking for a parking
place. If we have 2,000 commuter cars in the neighborhood, then that's
4,000 commuter car trips per day in and out of the neighborhood in addition
to the all the other cut-through traffic and all the other stuff we've got. The

                                                                         Page 96 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
