                         TRANSCRIPT
sites, because it makes them more efficient. You can get better parking
scenarios and so on. My contention is that when the CN zone was inspired,
5,000 square feet was anticipated on both of these parcels, because it was
two parcels.    The Planning Commission had pointed that out in their
discussion. We feel like the site—I can close now—could have 17,000
square feet of office without a CUP if the CC(2) portion had been developed,
The 50,000-square-foot cap was not reached, and so we didn't think it was
unreasonable to request the additional office space for the CUP.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Hayes: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We'll now return to our final two speakers. Herb Borock to be
followed by Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt. The previous speaker said that if you
developed the property in a different way, it wouldn't be before you. Any
project approval that is made by Staff or by a Board or Commission can be
appealed to the Council. It probably would be before you. You've had a
discussion with Staff about understanding the numbers in the traffic
analysis. The response from Staff was go ask the applicant. To me that
provides substantial evidence that the Staff has not done an independent
analysis of the traffic impacts of the project and are simply just stapling to
the Staff Report an analysis that was done by the applicant. It's an
advocacy position of the applicant. Environmental review, Staff needs to
review what's presented by the applicant and provide their own analysis. If
they had done, they should have been able to answer the questions that
Council asked. You've also heard from Staff that you could not have a
restaurant here because of the parking requirements, but I fail to find
anything in the conditions of approval that would prohibit a restaurant. If
it's true that this project as proposed could not support a restaurant, then a
condition of project approval should be that there could not be a restaurant.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening. After seeing yet another big, massive project
that has no impact on transportation or travel, I thought, "I'm not going to
come tonight." Then, I thought, "You all are here," so I showed up. As
Council Member Schmid keeps saying, traffic is cumulative. Over the last
several years, we've seen several massive projects come in, each one of
them touted as having no impact, even a miniscule impact on traffic. Yet,
the corner of Page Mill, Oregon Expressway and El Camino is the worst
corner in the City.    It doesn't take 59 seconds to get through that
                                                                       Page 40 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
