                          TRANSCRIPT
proposing. I would actually rather see Staff come back with a definitive
schedule for the Council. What we have as next steps on the presentation
on Page 20 is sort of definitive but not really. I'd actually like to see the "A"
portion of this with Staff to come back with a definitive schedule for when
Council would be reviewing X, Y and Z aspects of the EIR and the various
chapters and include when we would be having our next interactions with
CAC if you'd be amendable to that. Have them come back with a calendar
that we could actually review as opposed to trying to decide something on
the fly here.

Council Member DuBois: I guess the point of my "A"—I mean, we do have a
calendar in the Staff Report. We've had a calendar every time. There's only
four times in this entire next year. I was looking at this calendar and
suggesting these months as kind of—there's a pretty big gap from say March
through June, I think. I don't remember. If Staff's okay with these months
or if you want to soften it some way, but I really wanted to commit to a
number of sessions. I think we have enough topics piling up.

Council Member Holman: The calendar that you're looking at is on Packet
Page 276?

Council Member DuBois: 275-276, yes.

Council Member Holman: If you could help me just for a moment here. You
picked April, May and September because ...

Council Member DuBois: Those were large gaps in the schedule.

Council Member Holman: There's an April, April 19.

Mayor Burt: That's not coming back to Council. The far right column ...

Council Member Holman: That's the CAC, sorry. What do you want to have
happen in April, May and September then? What do you want to see happen
on those calendar dates?

Council Member DuBois: I've listed a few things here, and I've said a few
things verbally. Again, there are enough topics here that, I think, Staff has
a good idea.

Council Member Holman: When would you see the next check-in with the
CAC?

Council Member DuBois: That's up to Staff.

Council Member Holman: I'm not seeing that.
                                                                              Page 92 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
