                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Can I ask a question?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Sure.

Council Member DuBois: Is this in the context of a program or policy for the
Comp Plan or is this more detailed?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think this is more detailed to be able to do this now
frankly. This is the stuff I think we should do before we finish the Comp
Plan.

Council Member DuBois: I just wanted that clarification.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think there's specific rules that we need to change
possible. That's my understanding. I wanted Staff ...

Council Member Kniss: You want this (inaudible)?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah.

Council Member Kniss: Do you want a second?

Mayor Burt: He's still working on the Motion.

Council Member Kniss: You're not done.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I don't know how you'd like to do it. If you want me to
break these up. I have three different things if you wanted to break—I could
put them altogether and then it could be up to the Mayor if he wants to
break it up.

Mayor Burt: Why don't you lay them out in components, and then we can
see whether they should be broken apart.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the first round. I'll work with you to make sure.
I'd move that Staff come back to us with a program for micro housing units
Downtown. That could be specific sites or it could be an overlay for the
entire Downtown. What that looks and what are the different options for
Council. I think we need to include the issue of decoupling parking, the
issue of not selling parking permits, possibly the issue of lease restrictions
depending if that's legal. I want Staff to come back with a plan of how we
could do that with minimum impacts and what that would like. How many
units, frankly, is a pilot program? I don't think we want to suddenly have
1,000 micro units. I want there to be some metering on this where we try
this, see how it goes. The first people that get to do it, get to do it or
something like that. The third thing is I think Staff should come back to us
                                                                       Page 96 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
