                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: I won't accept it. I made comments earlier about
there's toxics probably onsite.

Mayor Burt: We got it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I need a second.

Council Member DuBois: I'll second it.

AMENDMENT: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
DuBois to add to the Motion, “and allow education uses in the interim
ordinance.”

Mayor Burt: Now, you can speak to your amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We heard from some of the educational institutions
earlier, talking about how difficult it is to find that kind of space and how
they're being squeezed out both from the retail side because the interim
retail Ordinance doesn't allow it and other spaces don't allow office. There
seems to be a clear market for something like this. I think that would help
the person requesting the waiver while at the same time providing a useful
service in Palo Alto of which we have a shortage of space. I think this is a
good compromise on the interim Ordinance that would allow the person who
is seeking the waiver to take advantage of that.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes. That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, you want to speak to your ...

Ms. Silver: Excuse me. By clarification, I'm assuming that what you're
proposing is essentially a granting of the waiver, but then also a direction
that Staff comes back with an amendment to the interim Ordinance. This is
essentially a zone change, so we have to reach out to the neighbors of the
existing property.

Vice Mayor Scharff: My preference would be, if I can't do it that way, simply
to change it for them tonight on that, not grant the waiver, but just expand
the definition for just them tonight. You're saying I can't do that?

Ms. Silver: Yes. That's problematic.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I can't do that—that's why I asked when I started
this, if Staff jumps in, what would be the way to achieve that given the
shortage of—how would I achieve that in a quick period of time?
                                                                      Page 94 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
