                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Reichental: Beyond Open Budget? For example, with the Open GIS
platform, which is many, many geospatial information data sets, we created
that. The software is free. It's based on Google's fusion tables and Google's
mapping technology. It's sort of a mash-up of the two. It's free as in the
software is free. I don't know if it's open source. We would be delighted to
share it with anybody.

Council Member DuBois: You actually started this initiative for the City.
How long have we been doing this? Three or four years?

Mr. Reichental: The open data specifically?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Reichental: It's coming on about—by the time we kicked it off and made
it real, it's about probably four years, almost four years.

Council Member DuBois: A lot of good progress. I think it'd be useful you
come, I guess, once a year, every so often, to Council, to see maybe usage
stats. Are you guys tracking what's getting used and what kind of feedback
we're getting from users?

Mr. Reichental: We do on a few, not on everything, not on all 60 different
experiences. Palo Alto 311 which is sort of a flagship product for the City is
one we track very closely. We definitely can track and produce data on
downloads of apps. that we manage. We have that. We also track and
manage the open data usage. I think the data point I had up on the slide
was, since we went live, there's been 17,000 visits to our open data
platform.

Council Member DuBois: I think it would totally help you. If we could even
start to track—I don't know if we've seen decreases in public record requests
once data goes live. I think we're actually avoiding costs and providing
services. It'd be great to try to show some of that over time. I was looking
at some of the open data website pages. It'd be great to see a feedback link
there. When people do run into any issues, you can get the feedback.

Mr. Keene: Could I just jump in on that to amplify your comment, Council
Member, about just trying to be proactive on putting out information, so we
don't have to necessarily respond to public record requests? It was a couple
of years ago when—this isn't our data to assemble. We actually have to do
it if we get a public records request. We just said, "As it relates to all
employee pay information, to every employee and every aspect of their
annual pay, let's just put that on our open data, on our website, to be
available each year when we do this, and not sit around and wait for the
                                                                       Page 12 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
