                         TRANSCRIPT
ability to use the amount that they had contributed. We wouldn't agree to
that. This agreement wasn't intended to make that clear. We wouldn't
propose to you anything that was inconsistent with that underlying allocation
methodology.

Council Member DuBois: Do we get in a situation where Mountain View
wants lower quality irrigation water even though we potentially have
customers for higher use?

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, that wouldn't—what quality they want
wouldn't affect the share that goes to each of the other member partners.

Council Member DuBois: If we got in a situation where we saw a need, and
we wanted to be able to do that, we would not be able to do it?

Mayor Burt: We would not be able to take Mountain View's share and
allocate it to East Palo Alto. If we wanted to take our share, that's within
our discretion. What I want to try and do is focus on this action that we
have before us tonight and the language change that Staff said they could
delete the one sentence at the top of Packet Page 183, that says "continues
to encourage the use of recycled water." Does that language change give us
adequate clarity on the agreement or do we need to have Staff return
subsequently with additional information on the base agreement or any
other clarifications that we're seeking.

Council Member DuBois: I think I was raising a couple of other issues. I
don't know if other Council Members share my concern. Particularly in 5.3
and 5.4, do we need to be more specific in terms of what happens if one of
the agencies doesn't want to make the investment in terms of their
allocation?

Mr. Bobel: Do you have a suggestion as to what we might offer if an
impasse is reached?

Council Member DuBois: I guess that basically their allocation would go
down if they didn't want to share in the costs. It's kind of what ...

Mr. Bobel: I don't think we could get them to agree to that.

Council Member DuBois: That's kind of what 4.1.3 says in a soft way. I just
wonder if it should apply in ...

Council Member Kniss: Mr. Mayor, I'd like to make a Motion.



                                                                      Page 77 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
