                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    A.C. Johnston to be followed by Dan Garber.
Welcome.

A.C. Johnston: Mayor Burt, City Council, I'm A.C. Johnston. I live in
University South. I'm going to be brief because you've heard much of this
already. I just want to urge the Council to take steps to encourage the
development not only of affordable housing, but what I'll call reasonably
priced housing. Housing that young people, that seniors, that members of
our—people who serve the community like our teachers and our police could
afford to live here, so they could live in our community. In particular, I hope
the Council will encourage development of accessory dwelling units, micro
units and encourage increased density particularly near transit centers, jobs
and services. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Dan Garber to be followed by Arthur Keller.
Welcome.

Dan Garber: I'm Dan Garber; I'm here as a citizen this evening. I'm going
to forego most of my comments and simply mention that there is—in the
conversations that have been going on at the CAC, there's a tremendous
amount of flexibility on these issues. They are not as black and white as
they're often portrayed here. There's lots of opportunities that people have
begun to think more broadly about things. The last thing I wanted to say
was I really wanted to thank Julia and Lydia and Doria and Elaine, who did
an amazing job in coming up in just a few days here and then getting
together last night 2 1/2 hours to pull together the comments which are
extremely disparate, but very robust has been described. I think they did a
really great job trying to pull that series of comments together.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Arthur Keller to be followed by Diane Morin.

Arthur Keller: Thank you. I'm speaking as an individual and not as a Co-
Chair of the CAC, but I do echo my fellow Co-Chair's comments about the
quality of the comments by the four CAC representatives on housing. One
thing about density is we seem to be confusing two things because of how
our Code works. That is density in terms of number of housing units per
acre and density in terms of FAR. We might want to think about increasing
the number of units per acre through smaller units without necessarily
increasing FAR, increasing height, and all of that. I think that's maybe the
direction we need to go. I think we should think about that and make more
(inaudible) requiring smaller units, because that's the kind of units that are
not as profitable for developers. They don't necessarily want to build that.
We need not necessarily up-zone FAR and height in order to be able to have
more housing units and whatever. We should require parking to meet

                                                                        Page 66 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
