                          TRANSCRIPT
information regarding former site operations and features. Then, we go into
a phased approach in terms of the sampling. Basically, what I mean by
that, sometimes you find something unexpected that causes you to do
additional sampling. As you know, sampling has been conducted at this site
since 2004 with more of a focus between a timeframe of about 2013 to
2015. During that time, just in terms of general inventory, there's been 118
soil vapor probes that were installed at 51 locations. From those probes,
there were 130 samples that were collected over time. We got some
temporal indication of what the data would look like. Shallow soil samples
were collected during demolition at 16 locations, followed by 23 borings that
were installed down to depths of 35 feet or so. This doesn't include prior
sampling locations that were extended down as far as about 60 feet at the
site. There were over 500 samples that were taken; however, those
samples were associated with the remediation of the TCE-impacted soil and
not really the subject of our topic tonight. I think the Council has in front of
them over 900 pages of analytical data, a 700-page report of the analyses.
Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 8:03 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now return to the Council. We need to make
any disclosures of ex parte communications that we have had. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I had a conversation with the applicant today. I didn't
learn anything that hasn't been already discussed in either the applicant's
discussion or by Staff.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I had a brief phone call with the applicant today,
and I didn't learn anything that isn't in the public record.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I had a brief conversation with, I think, just one
member of the public. It was about a letter that had been submitted. The
information is contained.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I had two conversations with the applicant, one
several months ago and one yesterday about this, but nothing that's not in
the record.


                                                                          Page 32 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
