                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Thanks very much. Having been out there several
times, it's interesting. You get one thing from the pictures here, but it's not
quite the same as walking around and looking at all this. My concerns are
pretty much the same as the Mayor's and Council Member Holman's, which
is scale and massing and the transitions. Can I ask the Mayor a question?
Based on what you've said, in your view can those things be fixed by a
tweak or is it a much more sweeping redesign?

Mayor Burt: My view is that the mass of the building—it's current mass
can't address those problems. The mass would have to be reduced along
with design that also addresses it. It's not just the question of how big it is.
It's what the design is. My speculation is that both would need to work hand
in hand.

Council Member Filseth: Maybe this is a little bit procedural. I'm happy to
support the Motion as is. My question is if we just continue it, are we giving
a non-answer and we're going to get a little bit of a change. It's going to
come back, and we're going to have all the same issues. Would it be more
appropriate just to say no as Council Member Scharff moved, which is why I
think he went there. What do you think? Is it fair to everybody just to do
that or should we continue it?

Mayor Burt: I think the project in its basic zoning, the type of uses and the
density and daylight plane and other factors has complied basically with the
prescriptive elements of the zoning.         As a result, I think that the
continuation is the right approach. When we do this—we've seen this with a
project on University—it brings open the possibility that we go back in a loop
that doesn't resolve things. It's really up to the applicant and the ARB,
hearing what the Council has said, and for the Council to have been as clear
as possible not in trying to design the project but in pointing out the areas
where the project must comply better. That's a little bit of a long answer as
to why I think it is appropriate to go as we've done in the Motion.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. Thank you very much. My concern,
as you gravitated to, was the possibility of the endless loop kind of thing.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I find myself a little bit torn here. I don't like this
project. I don't like how it's using the property. I think we can all guess, we
all know I'd like to see more housing there. I'd like to see lots more units,
smaller units and at least a couple of them below market rate. I appreciate
the comments from the public, talking about the need for housing including
market rate housing. I share that concern. We have a problem of not
                                                                          Page 56 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
