                          TRANSCRIPT
the bikes and receiving the revenue. That's the first thing. Secondly, it's
going to take another employee or half of an employee to manage such a
system. You're not getting any of the revenue to support that. It's an
ongoing cost. I think bicycling and bike share is a good thing to invest in, of
course. I think millions of dollars investing is appropriate, but not when you
don't have to do it and it's going to add up to a significant amount of money
and it's taking away from funds that the City has to invest in things like
infrastructure. You're choosing this over doing some other improvements
because of the way a contract is structured. I think you should ask for part
of the revenue for other reasons. If you receive part of the revenue, say 5
or 10 percent, whatever, you know how much total is being made there.
You know for the next long-term contract what you are dealing with. Also,
you could ask for in the contract data. I didn't read anything in the Staff
Report, but it would be very useful to have access to the actual data. The
public would like to have access to the data as well. We do have access to
the Bay Area Bike Share System data, so we can analyze where in the
system the bikes are being used the most, even down to the station. That
data should be available for this system in Palo Alto as well. I personally
think it's a bit problematic to have Ford Motor Company be a sponsor of a
bike share system in Palo Alto because they're selling cars and trucks. Their
revenue, their money comes from selling vehicles which undermines the
system that you're promoting. If we're promoting bicycles, driving a Ford
car is an opposite choice. We're supposed to be moving away from fossil
fuels and away from dependence on automobiles and not advertising for
them. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to move the Staff Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.    Direct Staff to return to the City Council with a contract to implement
      a 350-bicycle, Social Bicycles (SoBi) smart-bike system, operated by
      Motivate, LLC as part of the Bay Area Bike Share System (BABS); and

B.    Find the Project exempt from review under Sections 15061(b) (3) and
      15303 of the California Environmental Quality Act Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak to it?


                                                                        Page 96 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
