                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: By Number 1 on Page 1, it says amend this
section to clarify that housing developments containing office use do not
qualify for by-right entitlement. Then, it says currently the amendment
references Government Code Section 65589.5(h)(2)(b) which defines
housing developments to include mixed-use projects containing
neighborhood commercial defined as small-scale general or specialty stores
that furnish goods and services primarily to residents of the neighborhood.
Is there a concern that small-scale general or specialty stores might also
include office?

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: I think the concern is because
the amendment references another Government Code section that could be
amended later, we just wanted to clarify in the new bill language itself that
there should be a reference to community service businesses which are
essentially retail businesses. Also, the underlying language is what we are
proposing to add to the bill, which clarifies that if there is a mixed-use
qualifying project that contains some retail, the retail component should not
magnify the project. It should be the housing component that's greater than
the retail component.

Council Member Berman: There are kind of two things. One is that second
part. The first part is a concern that in the future the definition of small-
scale general or specialty stores might change to allow office. To specifically
prohibit office upfront so that's clear to everybody.

Ms. Silver: Correct.

Council Member Berman: That makes sense to me. I think that's the only—
just out of curiosity, why the change from 90 to 120 days? Was that just to
give more time or was there a specific reason for the new number?

Ms. Silver: It's because the bill contemplates that a design review shall take
place in 90 days; however, logistically it really can't start being conducted
until the application is reviewed. The bill allows 30 days for the review of
the application. We thought 120 days more accurately reflects the timely ...

Council Member Berman:       The combination of the two.         I'm with you.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just looking at this new amendment, could you
speak a little bit more about—this was a change in the opportunity for the
public to review and comment. That was a change to the proposed bill from
the previous version. Is that correct?
                                                                           Page 32 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
