                         TRANSCRIPT
businesses that we were trying to address in this ordinance. Just in
response to Council Member Wolbach, what I was saying about dead spaces
and schools, it's because of how the schools are built and designed. They're
private schools, and they aren't street facing. That's what I meant by dead
space. Just to clarify that. Just one quick addition to the bullets on Slide
10. This is an issue that we have in a variety of locations around town.
Retail should be generally open to the public and have a minimum number
of hours that they are open and not by appointment. Council Member
Scharff referenced the bank. I don't disagree with you. There's also a bank
on University Avenue that you have to buzz to be let in. It's hardly a retail
use the way it's established now. Those are my responses to questions. Is
that where we end up on this discussion? When would this come back, if
Staff can give us a date on that?

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois. I'm sorry.

Ms. Gitelman: I was just going to make a suggestion. If you're not going to
get into further detail this evening on this, we could arrange to come back
sometime—it'll probably be October at this point given your agendas—with
just a really brief work plan of what we would include in the permanent
ordinances for you to take a look at. We'd invite input from those who
spoke this evening. If they could get it to us in the next four weeks or so,
we could try and incorporate that into—it'll be really brief given the time we
have and the amount of work we have to do. It would be something for you
to react to on this issue.

Mayor Burt: Good. I think at that time we'd probably want to schedule a
really thorough discussion around that. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I was going to try a Motion. I was actually going
to go a little further which would be to have Staff come back at that time
with a draft Motion for us to react to, based on our input tonight.

Mayor Burt: I think I'd prefer that the Council attempt to do that. That's a
bunch of open policy debates that we will have. To ask Staff to come
forward with a Motion, I wouldn't support it. You're welcome to do so.

Council Member DuBois: Here's my Motion: Direct Staff to come back with
a framework for an Ordinance for Downtown including the SOFA area and a
more flexible framework for an Ordinance for the rest of the City.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I will second that.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to direct Staff to return to Council with a framework for an Ordinance for the
                                                                       Page 84 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
