                          TRANSCRIPT
pocketbook. Today you can ride public transit, and that's always the
cheapest option but, as I mentioned earlier, not always the fastest or most
convenient. That's the bottom line here for public transit. The mostly
horizontal lines are either purchasing or leasing a new car. Leasing in total
cost will cost you a little bit more, but obviously a lower upfront price.
Those are the horizontal lines in the middle, starting at about $8,000-
$12,000 per year. Let's plot Uber, UberPOOL, Lyft Line, these new systems
on here. You pay per mile, you pay per trip. You don't have any big
payment upfront. It doesn't cost a lot of money to join these systems. You
install the app., download it, and you're ready to go. Look at the crossover
points. If you're taking Uber X, the more expensive, private form, the
crossover point is about 5,000 miles per year, 4,800 miles. If you drive
fewer miles than that per year, the only reason you own a car is for that
marginal convenience of having it in your driveway and not having to wait
five to seven minutes or because you like the brand or because you like
having your own stuff in the car. A lot of people have said to me, "What
about my kids' soccer gear?" Yes, that's another reason why you have your
own car, because Uber hasn't come up with a solution for that yet. If you're
willing to share, Lyft Line, UberPOOL or DriveNow or any of the cars-on-
demand, that crossover point moves out to 9,000, 10,000, 11,000 miles per
year. The bottom, I've plotted the percentage of U.S. drivers that drive
different distances. You can see about half the population is below that
number. Half the population could actually for economic reasons just shift
entirely to sharing. Once we get enough density of the shared systems
here, particularly if they're deployed into our residential neighborhoods, any
car is shareable which is where we're headed with the connected cars that
are electric that you can just open up your car and share it with your
neighbor. If you know where it's driven, what's happening to it, the risk of
that is much lower? There's companies already in San Francisco that offer
that. By the way, they insure it while somebody else is driving it, so you
have no risk. We can suddenly see that a lot of our cars are shared, not all.
There will still be people who love their particular vintage model or who love
their particular type of vehicle for the purpose they need. If you're a
contractor, you definitely need a truck, and you're probably going to own
that truck. For your second or third car for your young kids that need the
occasional trip to some event, this becomes an attractive option. In fact, to
give you the data for San Francisco which is a little bit ahead of us here in
Palo Alto on this dimension, we're seeing second and third car purchases go
down dramatically already. The smart developers have figured out that
while real estate prices for housing are going up like crazy, just like they are
here, the value of parking spaces is going down. That's because of sharing.
There's an arbitrage opportunity here converting our parking into more
housing. People need fewer parking spaces. I'm going to come back to, I
think, one of the things we can do as a City is to encourage sharing. If you
                                                                         Page 28 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
