                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: I think we need to get a better handle on the two hour parkers,
who they are, what they're doing, look at time limits, and then potentially
reduce the number of permits that are available in those close zones in order
to get to the same occupancy level that you see further out.

Mayor Burt: Under D.ii Council Member DuBois, where you say "and to
reduce congestion," were you referring to parking congestion or traffic
congestion?

Council Member DuBois: Parking congestion.

Mayor Burt: We don't usually use that term that way. Maybe we're on the
same page there. Josh, you'll note that that's meaning the clustering. Is
that okay to add "parking" to clarify?

Council Member DuBois: Sure.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part D.ii., “parking” after
“and to reduce.”

Council Member DuBois:     The City Manager has brought up should "C" be
moved down under "D."

Mayor Burt: Is that good with you?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. Keene: Strike the first part of it about direct Staff to return as soon as
possible and add "implement a freeze on the sale of" blah, blah.

Mr. Mello: "C" could affect our ability to better distribute the employees with
the same number of permits that are currently available.

Council Member DuBois: Again, just to point out, keeping that 9 and 10
that's 80 permits right now.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: That handled it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to remove Part C of the Motion and add to the
Motion, “implement a freeze on the sale of employee permits in Zones 9 and
10 and reduce the total number of available employee permits in all zones
by this amount and direct Staff to return with options to allow additional
                                                                      Page 115 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
