                          TRANSCRIPT
intention of this amortization scheme, that it really is intended to capture the
capital improvements in a given facility. In the absence of a specialized
study, there's an amount of time that is set. A specialized study of the
specific facility is superior in terms of the information that it conveys.

Council Member DuBois:        You're saying the study itself specifies the
amortization?

Ms. Stump: That's correct, yes.

Council Member DuBois: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: We'll now have two members of the public who have so far
submitted cards. Our first—pardon me?

Vice Mayor Scharff: (crosstalk) wants to speak.

Mayor Burt: I don't see your light here. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The last time we talked, I recall there was a
surprise site over San Antonio or Fabian that appeared to be Tier 2 abutting
residences. Was that cleared up?

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, it has. I guess I should have mentioned this. In the
time between November and tonight, Rod and his firm have gotten new
inventory data, the 2015 data from the Fire Department, and have been able
to consult with the uses that were identified back in November. We were
able to cross that use off the list. They're Tier 1 but not Tier 2.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Now, the tradeoff on a technical basis
is that 300-foot distance. My understanding is that the 300 feet was
important because in that space the toxic gases would disperse to a safe
level. The risk there is clear. When you move outside of the 300 feet, say
the plating shop moves further, there still is some risk, but the risk is much
lower. The tradeoff seems to be the option of keeping the higher risk, the
less than 300 feet, for five extra years as opposed to a much lower risk for
an extra 20 years. Is that the right way of looking at the tradeoff?

Ms. Gitelman: As I mentioned in response to Council Member Berman's
question, we really chose the 300 feet for the reason that it seemed
acceptable to the City a handful of years ago. It seemed an acceptable
distance for Tier 3 uses, and so we thought it would be appropriate for Tier
2. If you go back—I think the Staff Report refers to this—AECOM did some
air dispersion modeling for us. Their initial modeling concluded that in the
worst case event that they thought was worthy of study, the maximum

                                                                          Page 30 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
