                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think it would be more appropriate if you simply want to ask
him a question. I don't think it's appropriate to ask even a Board Member to
comment on a Motion that is before the Council.

Council Member Holman: The only reason I asked it that way is because I
have several amendments. The only way for him to see them is to put them
up there.

Mayor Burt: If you have a specific question that you'd like to hear what I
presume would be his personal opinion on ...

Council Member Holman: Yes, yes.

Mayor Burt: ... I'll grant that, but not in response to a Motion.

Council Member Holman: Good. You're giving authority for Mr. Lew to come
forward?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for coming this evening. I guess first I
would give you the opportunity, if you have any comments you want to
make. Then I have a couple of questions for you.

Alexander Lew, Architectural Review Board Vice Chair: Why don't you start
with the questions, and then I'll ...

Council Member Holman: Good. There are a few things here. One is a
question that often comes up, and the Mayor has brought it up a number of
times too. Does the ARB currently have the feeling that it has the authority
to and do these revised findings enhance that authority to reduce the size of
a project if it just isn't fitting on a site? The Mayor, for instance, and I both
have talked about ...

Mayor Burt: Can you clarify—I think it would be better—I'm sorry.

Council Member Holman: ... maximum Floor Area Ratio (FAR) being the
minimum FAR. Can the ARB ...

Mayor Burt: Council Member, can I ...

Council Member Holman: Sure.

Mayor Burt: I think it would be more appropriate to ask Mr. Lew if, as a
member of the ARB, does he feel this way rather than ask him what the ARB
feels.
                                                                           Page 17 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/11/16
