                           TRANSCRIPT
We also held a scoping meeting in front of the Architectural Review Board to
solicit public comments on those documents and ensure that we had
captured all of the important issues that needed to be evaluated in this EIR.
We then prepared the Draft EIR which was provided for a public review
period.    Presented that to the ARB and Planning and Transportation
Commission to receive public comments on the content of the document. All
of the written and verbal comments that were received are responded to in
the Final EIR. We've presented that Final EIR, as you know, to the PTC for
their recommendation and in order to bring it to you tonight. This slide lists
the table of contents of the Draft EIR. The five topics in which we found that
there was potential for sign environmental impacts. I'll go over those briefly
now.     We also, of course, included cumulative impacts and project
alternatives as required by CEQA. With this project, the project impacts are
compared to an environmental baseline. Under CEQA, typically you take the
existing conditions at the day that you start the environmental impact
analysis. CEQA also recognizes that in certain situations that baseline can
fluctuate pretty substantially over time and provides that where that
happens, there are provisions to consider the historic context of a property
or a project setting to ensure that you're determining the baseline to most
adequately represent the conditions that have been existing at that property
over time. I will talk about that in a little bit more detail in the next slide.
We also look at cumulative impacts which is an area where people frequently
have a hard time understanding exactly how that approach is taken. I
wanted to go over that quickly. The first thing that we do in the cumulative
impact analysis is define what the cumulative condition might look like. That
is done by identifying build-out projects in your General Plan as well as any
other projects that are reasonably foreseeable. Typically those are ones that
are being processed currently or have been approved by not yet
constructed. We use all of that information to define what the environment
or the community may look like at a certain build-out horizon, and then use
that information to determine whether in that context there would be
significant environmental effects relative to what's there today. Once we've
defined whether there might be significant effects that are different from
those that you're experiencing today, then we look to see whether the
proposed project would contribute to those in a substantial manner. That
process takes you through this step of analysis to determine, first of all,
what the future conditions look like and then what percentage or what
contribution the project makes to those effects. As I mentioned, the
baseline for this project is a little bit different than the typical just taking the
conditions that were existing at the time that the environmental analysis
began. As you're aware, this project is within the Stanford Research Park
which has had a long history of use. The buildings on this site were
constructed between the years of the 1960 through—the site says 1980, but
I believe it was 1982 that the last building construction was completed.
                                                                             Page 42 of 94
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 1/11/16
