                         TRANSCRIPT
during this Study Session. First on bathrooms, as Council Member Berman
pointed out, of course we each have different circles that we run into. That's
why it's great to have so many people on Council. Certainly for most of the
feedback I get, we could use more bathrooms rather than fewer not just in
general but specifically. I'll just speak to my neighborhood. I'm not too far
from Seale Park and not too far from Ramos Park. One of the reasons why
it's a lot easier, whether I'm by myself or I have friends visiting, friends
visiting with their kids, whatever, it's a lot more attractive to go to Seale
than to Ramos because Seale has a bathroom. It's a more pleasant place
for us to go as residents or with friends who are visiting, rather than say,
"We're going to walk over there or bike over there, and then we're going to
get stuck there without a bathroom so we're going to have to come home
pretty soon." It just makes for a more pleasant day at the park or afternoon
at the park if you have facilities to do whatever needs to do. I'm fully
supportive of continuing to move forward on dog parks and to increasing
opportunities there. I'll ask the question that Council Member Schmid
alluded to. It seemed like Staff might be prepared to offer a response to the
question of can you clarify for us what public access rules are for the school
recreation space after hours. Is there anything you can weigh in about that
or come back to us at a future date after checking on that?

Mr. de Geus: Thank you, Council Member Wolbach. It's a good question.
We may have to come back with the legality of this issue. What I can tell
you is we have an agreement with the School District where we do share in
the cost of maintenance of the fields for all of the elementary schools and
the three middle schools. The City brokers that use for the community and
allows community members and organized sports to be on there after school
hours and on weekends. What is unclear to me—I've looked into this before
and was not able to get a specific answer—is as a public school, are they
required anyway to open up their open space, their fields to the public as
part of being a public school. I've heard that maybe that is the case, but
I've not found the legal answer on that. Molly, I look at you to maybe help
me find out if that's the case. In other words, can the School District choose
to lock up their gates and not allow the public on their fields after school
hours when the school is not in use. I'd be very curious what that legal
opinion is.

Council Member Wolbach: Speaking just as one member of the Council, I
would be very interested. I think it would be very useful to clarify the rules
and our relationship with the School District about that. I do appreciate
Council Member Schmid raising that point. Thank you, Staff, for telling us
where we're at in trying to get clarity about that question. On this question
of parkland acquisition strategy and how we look for opportunities to expand
parkland, expand recreational facilities, I do appreciate that there is a call
                                                                       Page 26 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
