                          TRANSCRIPT

really be self-critical and self-reflective and think do we really need these
and how many of these are redundant, how many of these are addressed
sufficiently in other Elements? Have you had that kind of process and is that
planned if you haven't done it yet? Before it comes to Council, because the
CAC might be a useful place to do it.

Mr. Dennis: I think in a word, yes. I think that has happened. I think
there's been quite a bit of discussion at the both the committee level and the
subcommittee level about whether we're adding too much, how to combine
things. I think in this case—maybe Don has a few ideas on this as well—
there were lots of concerns related to whether we were including all the right
people that had been mentioned. I think that that just naturally inflated the
number of policies and programs in a way that in other cases we may not
have necessarily wanted to do. I think we've kind of had a mantra at some
of the meetings is always look be looking at the number. We don't want to
just add, add, add. We want to make sure that we're doing this in a smart
and thoughtful way. I don't know if you had anything you wanted to say to
that, Don.

Mr. McDougall: That's why we tried to create a matrix of what the audiences
were trying to support with all these policies. In fact, when you started
looking at seniors versus teens versus whatever, you don't end up with 20
each; you end up with three or four each. When you start looking at
individual cohorts, I'm not convinced we have too many here at all. The
other problem we have, of course, is time. Because the Council has said
that the subcommittee meetings have to be not necessarily Brown Act
specific, but Brown Act like where we have audiences and whatnot, then
there's a limit to getting up to a whiteboard and filling all these things in.
It's difficult.

Council Member Wolbach: You know my feelings on that last point. To add
my two cents to what Council Member Kniss was talking about, supporting
the excellent suggestions by Don Barr and former Council Member Gail Price.
Clearly one of the challenges with adding new programs and new policies is
the question of cost, is the question of financing it. Included in their
recommendations were the emphasis on partnerships, partnering with
businesses, partnering with other levels of government, so that even if this
is a heavy lift, it would not be borne entirely by the taxpayers who
contribute to our finances within the City of Palo Alto. I appreciate including
at least an implicit funding mechanism along with your policy suggestions.
Good advocacy.

                                                                         Page 26 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
