                          TRANSCRIPT
certainly, but that level gets us to the point where we can recycle it. All the
partners have paid for that. All the partners have also paid additional costs
in getting that pipeline to Mountain View. The plant as a whole kicked in.
Why? Because it's a requirement on us to have a recycled water program.

Mayor Burt: That was another question that I had; reminding us who paid
for that purple line to Mountain View and, for that matter, the more limited
purple line that Palo Alto uses.

Mr. Bobel: Mostly Mountain View paid for the one to Mountain View. I have
to point out that the plant kicked in approximately $1 million, as I recall, out
of $16-$17 million. We've always sort of done that type of activity to fulfill
our requirement to have a recycled water program on the part of all the
partners. This is only going to grow in intensity, because the next thing
that's coming along are nutrient requirements for San Francisco Bay,
reducing nitrogen and ultimately phosphorus that are discharged to the Bay.
As those requirements get closer and closer to us, there's going to be more
and more justification to have the partners pay for upgraded—we're going to
have to reduce ...

Mayor Burt: There is a whole thrust for reducing discharge and, at the same
time, that is resulting in a new commodity with value. Council Member
DuBois and I heard that Mountain View is already charging their commercial
customers for the recycled water at two-thirds of the rate of the potable
water. That was news to me. Interesting because I've been kind of dwelling
on why isn't anybody charging for the value. They are to their commercial
customers like Google and things.

Mr. Bobel: That's very common for the retailer to charge for the water. It's
also very common to set that price at two-thirds of the value of your potable
water to encourage its reuse, because most communities like us are being
required to cut back their discharge to whatever water body they're in.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff's question around—you've already had that
one deletion.   Do we have enough—that omitted some problematic
language. Do we have adequate language to talk about who pays for the
operation and maintenance?

Mr. Bobel: We think so. We think that starts at the bottom of that previous
page in Section 4.11 where it names certain of these costs including
chemicals, energy use, increased consumption. It ticks off a few but not all.
It gives a sense that that are the operating costs; these are what we incur
day to day. That's what need to be shared going down the road.


                                                                         Page 71 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
