                          TRANSCRIPT
money to move into Palo Alto and to stay living here. The quiet, tree-lined
streets, uncrowded neighborhoods is what makes Palo Alto so special. Right
now, ADUs are allowed in R-1 neighborhoods, but I would like to keep the
current development standards and zoning restrictions on ADUs as is. We
don't need to loosen them.       We don't need to make it possible so
substandard lots can have ADUs now built. This going to help destroy what
makes Palo Alto so special. Please keep the ADU zoning as is. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Craig Lewis to be followed by Bill Ross. Welcome.

Craig Lewis: Thank you. I've been moved by much of the commentary here
tonight. I'm here to speak as an employer. Housing markets move just like
every other market do; they move on the margin. If you increase the
supply of housing, you are going to incrementally decrease the price. The
more you do that, the more affordable it becomes. As an employer with
offices in Palo Alto Square, I'm in one of the areas that would, I guess,
benefit from the higher-density housing that's being promoted here. I would
add to that promotion. Palo Alto Square and that vicinity is walkable to
Caltrain. Nobody else on the Clean Coalition team can live in this area, so
everybody is coming in from outside, many of whom take the train. Many of
our visitors who come to meet with us take the train and walk from Caltrain
to Palo Alto Square. It's about 9/10 of a mile, easy walk. Housing in that
area would be an easy walk to public transportation. I've got an everyday
example of it. I would just say it would be awfully nice if some of members
of the Clean Coalition team could actually live close to the office and walk to
and from. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bill Ross to be followed by Steve Downing.

Bill Ross: Good evening, Mayor and Council. My questions are profoundly
procedural. Substantively, I think I agree with the letter that Mr. Keller sent
to you. Procedurally, I'd ask this question. Issues that are advanced to you
by Staff deal with land use and intensity that is most appropriately dealt
with in the Land Use Element which must, as several individuals who have
appeared before the CAC, be correlated with the Transportation and
Circulation Element. That assures concerns with respect to traffic are met at
the same time that the land use density is addressed. I would reference
specifically Government Code Section 65.302(b). If you choose to proceed
with a standalone amendment of the Housing Element, I would discourage
that. One, it's one of the two mandated State elements. If you did that, it
would be internally inconsistent with the existing Plan. I would encourage
you also to provide for more public participation. The restriction tonight for
2 minutes, the restrictions before the CAC is directly contrary to the


                                                                        Page 63 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
