                          TRANSCRIPT
units, so it gets to the type of housing we want to create, micro units or
small units. Some of the scenarios, actually two of them, would eliminate
some of the housing sites in south Palo Alto. This was a program that the
Council wanted in the Plan. We're going to talk about this further. On one
of your March dates, we have a discussion focused on this issue, March 20-
something. The scenarios look at exchanging those housing sites. In one
case, you eliminate some sites and you increase the density on other
existing sites. In another instance, you would eliminate those sites and add
potential new sites along El Camino Real, including the frontage of the
Research Park and the shopping center. We're testing both of those ideas.
If you eliminate sites in the south, how would you make up for that loss of
units? Would it be increasing densities or would it be finding new sites?
Then a couple of the scenarios also suggest that you could potentially
moderate or increase the height limit as a way to incentivize new housing,
just up to 55 or 60 feet. Those are many of the ideas that are in these
scenarios. We're obviously interested in whether the Council has additional
policies or programs that should be included to address this goal, this ratio
between jobs and housing. If there are things that you would like to add to
that list, it'd be great. If you have some things that we could potentially add
to the side of the list that slows jobs growth or on the alternate side that
might increase housing production, both will have an impact on the bottom
line when it comes to the jobs/housing balance. Just a few words on
schedule. You know we've been at this Comp Plan Update for a long time.
The current schedule is for us to complete the process and bring you a Comp
Plan for adoption in May of 2017. That's the schedule you received in your
packet. That schedule was distributed to you at the Council Retreat on
January 30th. That's when you made the request to discuss it in more detail
this evening. I included a couple of slides that are just a repeat of that
schedule. The hard copy's in your packet, and I think it's much easier to
read in that form. Essentially, you read down this table. The column on the
left is showing the topics of Citizen Advisory Committee (CAC) meetings.
The column on the right is showing the topics of City Council meetings, and
the dates are in the middle. There have already been some changes to this
schedule. The asterisks indicate that April 11th date for the public hearing
on the Draft EIR has been moved to April 25th as a result. Because the CAC
is doing some more work on transportation, that conversation is going to be
moved out as well. We're happy to get the Council's thoughts on this
schedule, the interaction between the CAC and the Council, and the schedule
of meetings. I also wanted to pass on to you the CAC's desire to participate
in the discussion of housing sites and programs. We had initially had a joint
meeting between the CAC and the Council—actually I think it was scheduled
for this evening, and then we had to reschedule it for this conversation. The
CAC is still very interested in being part of these discussions. I've talked to
some of the CAC members; they're interested in also talking about what a
                                                                         Page 13 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
