                         TRANSCRIPT
some cases $100. I would worry a little bit about the incentive for people
that say, "If I can do this, it's going to cost me $1,000. If I do that, it's
going to cost me $466." What's the incentive?

Ms. Silvani: That's why we're giving the whole pass to start with.

Council Member Filseth:     I understand, but it's not totally sustainable
because somebody's going to have to pay for it eventually. Eventually it's
going to be the employers that have to pay for it.

Ms. Silvani: There will be an agreement that it comes down.

Council Member Filseth: As we roll back the permits, because we're starting
at 2,000 in the neighborhoods, it's going to take us four years or something
to start digging into the place where parking spaces aren't available. That
would be my two comments. One is let's start thinking about how much it's
really going to cost and what the funding model is going to be. I know
you're working on that. The second is let's make sure we understand what
the incentive for employers and employees is to actually do this. As
somebody mentioned, the carrot and stick. If there's cheap parking in the
neighborhoods, then what's the incentive to do something more expensive?

Ms. Silvani: Let me just throw in one more variable. One of the things that
we would like, and I think we have support with other TMAs in other cities
up and down the Peninsula, is to start to work on kind of a volume discount
program for smaller employers who don't qualify for the current Caltrain
program. That would provide a tremendous incentive. I think we would
find—again, I'm speculating—if we could offer the small employer a $15 a
month, even if they chargeback their employees for that, we could move a
lot of passes. The TMA, one of our key advocacy roles is going to be to try
to put together a coalition to start working on a different fare arrangement
with Caltrain. That's going to take a couple of years because that's a big
policy shift.

Council Member Filseth: Your free passes to start with will sort of help you
prove that model too.

Ms. Silvani: Exactly.

Council Member Filseth: If it turns out the City needs to raise the price of
parking permits or something like that, make sure to come back and tell us.
Thanks a lot.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Filseth, if I can just interject on that point. I
think you raise a really good point. We are undertaking a study of paid
                                                                        Page 61 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
