                          TRANSCRIPT
off their nose to spite their face—or would we just mush forward. While it
says that's our intent, there's no explicit sanction for us should we fail to do
that.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I would just add to that that the agreement
that you're being asked to adopt tonight does allow the City to terminate the
agreement and the County as well. If the County's program diverged
significantly from the policy direction that the Council was comfortable with,
then we would be able to …

Council Member DuBois: Most likely we would not even consider updates to
the County Ordinance.    If we sign onto this program and we have
enforcement going on, would we necessarily even see County amendments
and consider …

Ms. Stump: I'm sure our County partners would be willing to keep us
updated of significant changes to the Ordinance. I don't know that any are
contemplated. It's a fairly well-established program.

Mr. Bobel: Like I was saying earlier, they just made some changes. That's
why we thought the timing was good. They don't have any up their sleeve
at the moment. Should they, they would tell us. It would have to come
back to you, and we could make the decision. As Molly said, we could make
the decision not to make that change, and then the County could agree to
discontinue the agreement or we could.

Council Member Dubois: We say it's well-established. There's some pretty
significant recent changes for all kinds of things.

Mr. Bobel:   I don't think of them as super significant.      Do you want to
comment?

Council Member DuBois: That's okay. I share the concern about the impact
on selling a business. I had a question, though. Why does the City limit the
selling of food in gas stations? It sounds like we limit pretty much what
actually can be sold.

Mayor Burt: What (inaudible)?

Council Member DuBois: I think I read it in several letters, that they can
only sell packaged snacks and not fresh food.

Mr. Bobel: That's not a City—that would be a County Health Department
thing. There are some Health Department rules about what you can sell.
It's not a City thing.

                                                                          Page 63 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
