                         TRANSCRIPT
SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff to continue the Motion as Amended, the Amendment as Amended,
and this Item to a date uncertain.

Mayor Burt: That concludes that item. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We have a very quick item of approval of the recommended
City position for the 2016 League of California Cities Resolution.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I guess so. Molly, do we have to vote on continuing the item?
Vote. We're voting on continuing the item folks. That passes 9-0.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 9-0

8.   Approval of the Recommended City Position for the 2016 League of
     California Cities Resolution.

Mayor Burt: Now we'll go to approval of the recommended City position on
the 2016 League of California Cities Resolution. Do we—Council Member
Schmid, are you on this one or was that by accident? Who wants to ...

Council Member Kniss: I just moved it, if you want to (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: You did?

Council Member Kniss: Yeah. Is there a second?

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Kniss moved, seconded by Council Member
Berman to authorize the City’s Voting Delegate to vote on the one (1)
resolution to be considered at the annual League of California Cities (LOCC)
conference to be held in Long Beach, CA from October 5-7, 2016 and
approve the general guidance provided below.

Mayor Burt: That's moved by Council Member Kniss, seconded by Council
Member Berman. Would you like to speak to your Motion?

Council Member Kniss: It's been well vetted. I'm comfortable with the
Motion. It's the kind of thing that we discuss extensively in the meetings
that we have for the Peninsula Division. I think it's fine.

Mayor Burt: Sounds ambitious. Vice Mayor Scharff.


                                                                     Page 110 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
