                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Ballpark, what portion of the parkers is that?

Ms. Atkinson: I'd have to look that up and get back to you on that.

Mayor Burt: A similar question for the Downtown color zone area. Do we
have a good sense of how many employees are still moving their cars for
one zone to another throughout the day?

Ms. Atkinson: Within the Downtown color zone? We have very preliminary
data on that from the initial data collection for the Downtown parking
management study. It looks to be in the 7-8 percent range of all vehicles.
Again, that was one day—one set of data, very preliminary information.

Mayor Burt: We have these workers who are making a calculation that it's
better to move their cars, especially in the neighborhoods where we give this
discount for low-income workers. I did a rough calculation. We charge a
little over $100 a year? If they got a little over 200 workdays a year, it's
about 50 cents a day, and they have to move the car three, four times in a
day. They're saving maybe 10-15 cents per moving a car, and it takes them
easily 10 minutes out of their break time. They're making maybe 60 cents
an hour or something by moving their car. It's a bad economic calculation
for them and of their employer, because these are employees who are
missing their break time and their rest, and they're in theory less productive
as a result. Although, maybe some would argue, "I get exercise. I get to
walk to my car and back."         That's the counter-argument, and that's
legitimate. Are we doing anything to provide education that shows why
that's not a smart thing to do from an economic basis?

Mr. Mello: We haven't taken that tack in our promotion, but I think that
would be a good way to frame the situation.

Mayor Burt: I would suggest we provide it to business owners who insist
that they're thinking about their interests in an objective economic manner.
We know that not only don't individuals necessarily make rational economic
decisions, business owners don't necessarily make rational economic
decisions despite what they may tell you. I know that from having been in
business for a long while. Do we prohibit private valets from parking in the
neighborhood zones? If I get a permit and I got an on-street valet parking,
is there any restriction on where I can park those cars?

Ms. Atkinson: We haven't been approached by valet parkers to park in the
Downtown District. If they're not ...




                                                                       Page 81 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
