                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: It's an ex officio down at the bottom.

Council Member Kniss: Ex officio, you don't want them on the committee?

Mayor Burt:     They wouldn't be voting members if they're not City
representatives but invited to participate. The three prospectively that self-
select would be the Stanford Research Park, the Stanford Hospital/Shopping
Center and Palo Alto Unified School District (PAUSD). Does that seem right?
Are there any others? Pardon me? Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: I was actually going to suggest the Palo Alto TMA
as well. It's described in here as the Downtown TMA, but I didn't think it
was limited.

Mayor Burt: Currently, it's the Downtown TMA.

Council Member Wolbach: I would put that one as well as self-selecting.
One that's not on here that I think is—there's one group that's not on here
that's kind of the elephant in the room. I'd be okay with swapping out
Number 5 for that one, which would be the Chamber of Commerce.

Mayor Burt: Let me just first say that 3 and 4 were supposed to be
combined, was my intent. We have within the—the Chamber of Commerce
will in all likelihood be represented through these by multiple representatives
as opposed to needing an additional one beyond the representation through
there. I would expect most of the large firms in the Research Park are
Chamber members. The Downtown TMA folks are Chamber members, I
believe. The hospitals are, I think. Commercial property owner probably is.
We probably have four or five, maybe six Chamber members that will be on
this.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “(including at least one
representative be a Member of the Chamber of Commerce)” after
“Membership criteria.”

Council Member Wolbach: I guess I'd put that maybe as an overlay or a
caveat that we should make sure we have at least somebody from the
Chamber in there just so they're at the table.

Mayor Burt: Yeah, we'll just say that we want to assure that at least one of
these representatives is also a Chamber member. What do you think about
whether we should have the Planning and Transportation Commission
member be an official member or not?


                                                                       Page 104 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
