                          TRANSCRIPT
especially low income, especially that kind of middle of the road housing,
you've got to think of where is the location going to be. What location?
Where can you possibly find a location in Palo Alto? Let's say we'll try the
accessory dwelling units. I feel so bad that I've been there and done that. I
know what happens. Somebody is going to complain about the parking,
because you've got more people living in the same area which I tend to
think may also be happening in the whole Downtown region. I think more
people are living per house, because it's so much more expensive. When
your rent is 4,000 a month for a two-bedroom, you can certainly get two
people in it, maybe you can even get three or four. Actually people used to
do that. People really actually used to do that. If our major issue here is
quality of life, which it is, I have never seen a candidate's brochure without
soliciting they intended to improve the quality of life in Palo Alto. That's an
enormous order.       We're saying tonight, "Staff come back to us with
something that improves our quality of life." In truth, a lot of people
actually like this quality of life or they wouldn't have been here tonight
telling you how desperately they need housing. We're doing something right
even though I'm sort of hearing some self-flagellation tonight. I think we're
actually doing some things right. Should we stay in place? Should we grow
a little bit? Are we slow growth? Are we no growth? Are we some growth?
I think that's really where we are. Where are we actually going with this
whole procedure? I don't know if I can hold it up as well as Eric did. It's
going to take me two hand. I went to weigh it today. Is it eight pounds? Is
that roughly ... Didn't any of you weigh it? I think it's about eight; I tried to
figure it out. It's somewhere ... I think it's somewhere in that. It's almost
900 pages. I would think that maybe Eric is the only one up here that's read
it from cover to cover. I know he did. I think this is a good way to go. Jim,
I've appreciated your saying good discussion tonight. We've given you a big
amount to cover. The last Comp Plan took six years. I think we're only at—
what? A year and a half now or two? Three? Ten? I forget, long before I
got here. We need to head somewhere, but I want us to really think
carefully. You cannot add housing without adding traffic. You can't have the
traffic without exacerbating the parking. You really do have to think how are
you going to pull this altogether. It's tough. Thank you, Staff, for stepping
up to the plate. Jeremy, I'm sure sad you're going. That's it, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: I have a few comments. First, I think this Motion has done a
good job of pointing us in the right direction. There's one area that I have
been looking for how to fold in the type of housing that we would have under
these scenarios. Staff had asked about this. Maybe we should respond to
that, just so there's some guidance on the type and location of housing.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I thought Staff just said March 23rd we're going to do
it. Eric was talking about making the type of housing and (inaudible).
                                                                          Page 70 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
