                         TRANSCRIPT
huge amounts of time, especially Cash, on this. Really wanted to recognize
that effort.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:          Do appreciate Staff members coming and
representing their point of view. I think it is time that we look at similar
services but a different model. These chambers, for those who weren't part
of the Council at the time, were full and overflowing when there were
discussions about closing the shelter, both at Policy and Services and then in
a smaller room Finance, and then when it came to the chambers. There is
certain strong interest in this community about retaining Animal Services in
this community. Given that, I would imagine that the climate for fundraising
would be a pretty healthy one here in Palo Alto. It's easier to raise money
for children and animals than it is some other things. I think the climate in
Palo Alto would be a healthy one for fundraising for a new shelter. Austin
actually passed a bond, so Austin residents taxed themselves essentially to
build their new shelter, which I visited. It's a pretty phenomenal shelter. I
have one question still for Staff. What's the likelihood or possibility in the
future of Palo Alto being able to enter into contracts or go under other
contracts with other cities? Could we ever get Mountain View back? What
about East Palo Alto, Redwood City, Menlo Park? I've heard different stories
about what the possibilities and potentialities are there.

Mr. Alaee: Since we're retaining the animal control functions, if those cities
approached us and stated that they would like to have our Animal Control
Officers service their cities, we would be open to that. If we go into a
contract with Pets in Need, certainly we can take this as a point to discuss
with them through negotiations about the process of prospective cities using
the shelter services. I think our preference would be to let Pets in Need
negotiate that with future agencies as far as providing shelter services.

Mr. Keene: If I just might add. I'm as far away from being an expert in any
way in this area even though I've been working with shelters also in
different jurisdictions for almost 40 years now and certainly appreciate the
passion that everybody in the animal care area has, the deep feelings that
folks feel for animals in this area. I certainly know in a number of the
preliminary community stakeholder meetings, when we were exploring this
idea, the fact would come up as we could look at doing that, but this is a
two-way street. The other entities need to want to partner with us. In
some cases, is the shelter the sort of place where we are out of necessity
appealing? No. The point is to the extent that we enhance the shelter
and/or services, that probably opens up more opportunities to explore how
we do that. I would suggest that's something that the Council pay attention

                                                                       Page 60 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
