                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: I'm looking at Ms. French. We may have—some
were shown here tonight. Do you have some latest figures on where this is
at this very point, as of today?

Mayor Burt: On support?

Council Member Kniss: Yes, on support or non-support. It keeps changing,
and I keep getting emails saying I'd like to reverse my decision. I must say,
Amy, I haven't tracked every one of them.

Amy French, Chief Planning Official: I have. Amy French, Chief Planning
Official. Up on the screen showed the latest as of last Friday. Today we got
one more reversal. Didn't have time to incorporate that into this map, to
show it green. We have Ms. Childs up at 3387, something like that,
Kenneth. It brings the support down to 128 supporters. It's still 63.3
percent or so.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor, I'm not ready to make a Motion as yet.
Having listened tonight, having listened two weeks ago, it would seem as
though tonight is not the best night to make the decision on the single story
overlay. I think we need some more discussion about what has been
brought up many times tonight, which is either the Cupertino or the
Sunnyvale model. I'm not familiar with either of those as to what those
guidelines look like. I am very familiar with what the houses look like on
Toyon Place, which I think is what Bob Moss may have mentioned a couple
of minutes ago. Those are done closer to, for lack of a better identity, Philz
Coffee Shop just south of Midtown. I'll be interested in what others say, but
that is where I would be at this point. I think this needs far more
discussion. I'm delighted everyone came tonight. I don't remember how
many came the last time, but I think probably we've heard close to 100
people talk about this. Many of you have contacted us. We have met with
many of you. I appreciate that input, but I also can hear that people are in
very different places and have very different views.              It's somewhat
surprising. We have made a number of decisions regarding SSOs before,
and this one tonight is quite different. As I said, I'll be interested in hearing
from others of my colleagues and what their reflections are.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois:       I really appreciate Council Member Kniss'
comments. I think this is kind of classic democracy. It's the rights of the
majority, the rights of the minority. There's no cutting the baby in half.
Nobody argued for 1½ stories, so I don't think that's an option. People are
going to be upset either way. We have clear rules. The ordinance says to
get a submission you have to have 70 percent. They crossed that threshold,
                                                                         Page 56 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
