                           TRANSCRIPT
but in a way it is. I'm wedded to the Downtown farmers market because
that's what I grew up on. I love it. When I go there, it's impossible to be in
a bad mood and be there because of the music, because of the flowers,
because of the people and the whole setting of it. I'm looking for our art to
provide some places like that, where it's impossible to be in a bad mood and
be looking at this art or be looking at this environment created by the art.
Thank you so very much.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I wanted to say I thought this was really
exciting in watching the creation and revitalization of our Public Art Program.
I think it's really stepped it up a lot since I joined the Council. At least that's
my impression. It seems so much more exciting, and everyone seems so
much more engaged. I think that's great. I did want to say that I do have
some concerns about the rise of the temporary art. I need a nice word for
it. I like temporary art, and I think it's exciting, but I wanted to get some
assurance that we're going to also buy some permanent pieces. When I
looked through this, a lot of focus seemed to be on temporary art. I had
some concerns that something lasts 30 years, and we should be buying stuff
for the next generation that lasts 30 years as well. It seemed that it could
be very easy to get really excited about a temporary art installation. It's
more fun to work on. As a Commission, it'd be more fun to work on because
you'd see it happen, and you see it go through and all of that. I was hoping
that we'd also make sure that we're focusing on buying stuff.

Ms. DeMarzo: Absolutely. As part of the municipal projects that are coming
up, permanent artwork is integrated into all of those projects. Any major
construction would certainly involve that. One of the recommendations from
the consultants was to create a vision for larger, more impactful artwork that
could be invested in with pooled resources from a certain corridor area. It's
more of an "and" strategy. It's not an "either/or" strategy.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That was actually going to be my second point. I like
the more impactful art pieces that say something almost on a generational
basis. That's great. I wanted to get a sense of—it all comes down to
money. How are you thinking of the money? You have X number of dollars,
and it's different every year because it mostly comes from in-lieu fees from
developers. Is there a percentage that you're putting towards temporary art
and is there a percentage you're putting towards permanent art? In the
temporary art, you said some temporary art is more temporary than others.
Everything from some art that lasts maybe a day on the street, where
someone's doing some performance art or whatever, to something that lasts


                                                                            Page 75 of 90
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 8/15/16
