                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Cohen: If I can clarify. That's not an accurate assumption. I'll give you
an example. The summer concert series, we do have one major sponsor,
but we have a long list of minor sponsors. They are not big companies.

Mayor Burt: I think I'd be interested in having a fee structure that reflected
the wide range in sizes of our Downtown employers and have greater
proportionality of the fees to the size of the company. I'll say that even
though some of the reporting on the activities maybe slants the role of the
BID beyond its actual role, it does have a facilitation role in a lot of these
things. I think that these are a lot of good activities. From my standpoint, I
actually think that the activities are worthwhile. What I don't see listed
among the activities is essentially acting as a political force. It's not listed
that they're doing it, but that's my concern. I don't think it's an appropriate
role of the BID. When the City Attorney cited the structure of BID's
activities to me, it does not constitute lobbying. I have no problem at all
with the individual members of the BID coming and being active and sharing
their opinions on whatever action the Council is taking. I don't think we
wanted to create an entity that becomes a political force. I think the rest of
what the BID does is great. I don't know whether other colleagues share
any of those interests. Since we'd be giving guidance to Staff without
necessarily voting on this, how would that ...

Ms. Stump: The documents do provide that the Council can actually modify
the public report but does suggest that if the Council were going to do that,
that there be this pause to allow the Association to weigh and consider and
work with Staff to respond.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I just had a question. I was trying
understand with greater clarity about the relationship between the BID and
the Downtown Business Association. Is the Downtown Business Association
just a shorthand for the BID?

Ms. Stump: Maybe I can help with that. The Business Improvement District
is a legal structure. It allows the City through an Ordinance authorized by
State law to create an area where there will be a special assessment. The
purpose of collecting the special assessment is to provide benefits above and
beyond, different than those provided generally. That's a legal structure
that involves boundaries, a formula for rates, the authority to collect. The
Downtown Business and Professional Association is an entity that has been
created under State law to serve as the City's contractor, in essence, to both
handle the billing and collection of that assessment process, but more
significantly then to go ahead and expend those funds and engage in those

                                                                            Page 25 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
