                          TRANSCRIPT
happen, and we would have this vote in the EU. We don't want unintended
consequences which would be losing this and then not being able to do the
kind of things that Palo Alto deserves. I also think the whole jeopardization
of the VTA measure—that's pretty scary. That's pretty short-sighted on our
part. Why not wait? Staff has told us it's a difference at most of a year. We
could do this right and get the money in 2019 and have a program that
we've all bought into or we can rush this forward and get the money in
2018. Look at the way the business license tax unfolded in the community.
That's not nearly as complicated as this. It hasn't been the most, shall we
say, well felt—it hasn't been felt by the community that it has been rolled
out in a way that has been efficient and well done. I think a lot of people
recognize that. I think there's a lot of anger about a lack of outreach and a
lack of bringing people in from the business community and a sense from
several of the Council Members who have spoken tonight that we haven't
really explored the options. Now, we're going to do that again. We're going
to go on break. I heard the City Manager or the City Attorney or somebody
say we should appoint a small committee to deal with this issue in the
absence of the Council while we're on break. Again, what we're going to do
is not even do really full outreach to the Council. I just think this is the
wrong way to do it. I agree with Council Member Schmid in terms of we
need to get this done. I just think it's a timing issue. I think we put it all at
risk if we don't get the timing right and we rush into this plan, which is
exactly what it feels like to me. There's all these little details on it. I just
noticed that the Research Park, for instance, pays as much sales tax as the
entire Downtown. What this plan does—why is it 50 employees, not 35, not
30? It's because we took the number 50 and we went like this, "Fifty."
When you do that, we don't really know what the right number is, we don't
know how much money we need to raise. What we're doing is basically
saying the large employees in the Research Park, who pay as much sales tax
combined—I know there's some who don't pay any, and there's certain ones
who pay a lot. We're saying the largest employers, primarily congregated in
the Research Park, will fund this tax for the entire City. Yes, the City of Palo
Alto is another big employer, assuming we don't exempt them. There's
obviously a couple of large employers Downtown. The majority of them are
clearly in the Research Park, and that's what that showed. I think putting a
measure on the ballot on a close vote in Council, where it's controversial,
where you have a strong editorial from the Weekly, where we're told it could
take $150,000-$200,000 in a positive campaign in a fundraising effort to get
it passed, and there's soft support it, I think all of that basically smells
disaster if we go forward in the fall as opposed to either in 2017 or 2018.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Not surprisingly, I'm going to wade in. First, I think there from
the outset have been good arguments for proceeding and for looking at a
                                                                          Page 81 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
