                          TRANSCRIPT
numbers in there—153 gallons per capita per day or 142 gallons per capita
per day. If those have to fall 14 percent to adjust for population and job
growth, is that a sustainable number?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Greg, I think it's fine to have Staff come back with it. I
don't think it belongs in the resolution. I think it should be just a direction
to Staff that Staff return with assessment assumptions as opposed to
changing the resolution itself. I'm fine if you want to just have Staff come
back with it and direct Staff to do that. I just don't think it should be in the
resolution.

Council Member Schmid:      I would be happy to have Staff come back and
make available ...

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “add to the Resolution that Staff return
with an assessment of assumptions that are made regarding growth of
accounts and that this information be made available during future
discussions of the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) and the
Comprehensive Plan.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we just say, "direct Staff to return ...

Council Member Schmid: ... during the discussions of those things.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “direct Staff to return with an assessment of assumptions that are
made regarding growth of accounts and that this information be made
available during future discussions of the Sustainability and Climate Action
Plan (S/CAP) and the Comprehensive Plan.” (New Part C)

Mayor Burt: I just have one follow-up question. I don't know if Staff has
this information readily available. We have the reductions in our water use.
If we look at Slide 11, going back we have different drought and non-
drought years. We see in 1996 we had a peak. We actually have different
increments or measurement methods that we use. I was trying to find—
Slide 4 is the other one that has it in acre feet per year. I didn't see
anything on a per capita basis. We have significant reductions that we've
had Citywide despite a moderately significant growth in population over the
last—I guess, 20 years now is when we had a period of growth that, I think,
was close to 14 percent or something like that. We had a reduction in water
use Citywide. It's hard to make the right comparison. I see that even from
the 1999 level, which was not a peak, down to the 2013 pre-drought, and
then our projected we have—I'm trying to do the math quickly in my head.
                                                                         Page 48 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
