                          TRANSCRIPT
groundwater is addressed. If we go to Page 32 of the draft Plan, we see
that there are a lot of goals within the Plan that are not attempted to be fully
explained here. I see Goal 4.4 talks about protecting the Bay, other surface
waters and groundwater. I assume that that's where we'll go into greater
depth on things like our groundwater, which we're really pursuing in our
joint water recycling committee with the Regional Water Quality Control
Board, the cities of Mountain View and East Palo Alto. We're not only
looking at a potential for cost-effective, purified, recycled water from our
wastewater, but also looking at our groundwater system as part of what
we're studying and is funded primarily through dollars from the Regional
Water Quality—excuse me, the Santa Clara Valley Water District. I think I
misspoke a moment ago.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, I would just add on the December 12th agenda,
we've got a $2 million contract award to build on precisely what you're
saying and doing that aquifer study.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. One other just kind of comment that might be
applied elsewhere in the Plan. I noticed on Goal 4.5, it said the goal is to
lead on sustainable water management.           I think showing models and
leadership is important, but I don't think the primary goal for us should be to
lead. It should be to achieve a sustainable water supply. Through that, one
of the sub-goals may be to establish models that will be available for others
and essentially achieve leadership. I don't think the leadership—it smacks
me of a goal being to pat ourselves on the back. I don't think that's the
objective. We have resources and opportunities here in Palo Alto and,
frankly, engaged citizenry that not every community has. We do have those
opportunities to really offer templates, offer achievable and achieved
outcomes that others will follow. This will naturally be part of what our
outcomes will be. I think we want to continue to excise some of those
descriptors as what's our primary driver. I think I've warmed everybody
else up, because I have other lights finally. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm going to pick up on something that the Mayor
referenced. In having met with a group today that deals with air quality, I
have a long-term concern, which I'll just say out loud tonight. I'm not sure
everyone else will deal with it. I'm very concerned about what's happening
in our country. Pat, you mentioned it in terms of what had happened in
Paris. I think this really is a clarion cry for us to stay within our goals. I
think it may be difficult. I am not sure that what happens in the other
states, the other 49 states, may not really influence us as we go forward
with a very different presidency than we anticipated, at least that I
anticipated. I won't use we. I think we had not guessed that this might
happen. I think there are a number of strong concerns—certainly they were
                                                                        Page 35 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
