                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Let me also just share for members of the public, if there was a
project that went forward, we would have a whole set of public hearings with
full public participation of Architectural Review, Planning Commission and
potentially City Council. If there was a project, this would be the beginning
of the process, hardly the end of the public participation. Not everybody's
been part of these kinds of things before, so I understand why people would
enter with the assumption that "this is my one crack at being able to
participate." Our next speaker is Jake Towery, and I may be misreading it,
to be followed by Shawn Maguire. We will not be accepting more speaker
cards after this time.

Jacob Towery: Hello. I'm Jacob Towery; I'm a Palo Alto resident and an
adolescent psychiatrist, and I work in the 550 Hamilton building. I'll keep
this brief. First I want to say I'm excited that the sentiment and gathering
seems to be skeptical and people want to hear more information. I'm
excited to hear that. I just wanted to say on behalf of the several dozen
therapists, psychologists and psychiatrists in the building, I feel very
privileged to be in that building among some of the best therapists in the
Bay Area. As an adolescent psychiatrist, I see many Palo Alto High School
and Gunn High School students with depression, anxiety, obsessive
compulsive disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, a lot of crippling
conditions.    If the building was demolished, all of the therapists and
psychiatrists and counselors, the several dozen of us, would be forced to go
elsewhere, perhaps to other cities, perhaps further away. There are a lot of
Palo Alto residents that need these services, and they would be forced to
drive far away to see us or potentially not be able to get the services they
need. I think that would be a significant impact for the City of Palo Alto.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Shawn Maguire, to be followed
by Adam Weiss. Welcome.

Shawn Maguire: Thank you, Mayor and Council. I just wanted to continue
along the vein of the Mayor's comments about the slippery slope. I have
lived here in Palo Alto and Menlo Park for the last 30 years. At the beginning
of that, I was very pleased to see the community's become more vibrant
with restaurants and more activity, but it's now just gone too far, the
pendulum has gone too far. We see it in all guises. We see it in the amount
of traffic the office workers bring, because many of them don't live locally.
We see it in the parking issues in Crescent Park and the other surrounding
communities. I just think a zoning change to accommodate another large
building, incidentally being built by the people who many years ago built the
skyscraper on University Avenue. I just don't see it.


                                                                       Page 17 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
