                          TRANSCRIPT
long-term trip out of San Francisco Airport (SFO) or heading towards there.
That's really a misuse of any neighborhood of any parking permit. The
annexation is simple because the College Terrace program is proven.
Annexation is fast, and it's also cost-efficient. I mean, there are numbers
mentioned about the $100k. Sorry, studies have been done, etc., so that is
all out of topic. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker, David Schrom.

David Schrom: Good evening. I'm going to make this as brief as I can,
even less than two minutes if I can. The issue here tonight from my
perspective is what you're going to refer. Are you going to ask that our
program be included with the other programs that are pending? Are you
going to somehow treat it in a different way? I want to give you three good
reasons for treating it in a different way. The first one is they talk about 16
years. Gary Fazzino as Mayor instituted limited permit parking in Evergreen
Park 30-plus years ago as a result of degradations being visited on the
residents by the patrons of what was then the Grecian Health Spa. We've
had this problem for a long time. I've talked to countless Mayors about it, at
least a dozen of you and countless City Councils. We've been in line longer
than anybody else. Two, we have a working program right next door. We
don't have to start from the beginning. Let's take Evergreen Park and, if
applicable, Southgate and include them in that contiguous area with a
working program. Three, the costs are not trivial. Last Friday, while
crossing a crosswalk, one of my neighbors had a driver who had parked in
the neighborhood cut across the crosswalk, turning right, ahead of them
smash into not one but two parked cars and pull away. Fortunately my
neighbor got the license number. There's a police report, etc. The kids in
our neighborhood, the bicyclists coming down the bike paths, everybody's
vulnerable. There's a big literature that shows if you don't see each other
frequently, you don't cooperate as well, you're more likely to do things like
leave litter, hit and run, or worse. Please refer it as Evergreen annexed
now. Sorry, two minutes and one. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Now we'll return to the Council for discussion and a referral.
Just to encourage Council Members to use this principally as to whether or
not we should refer this rather than debating the substance tonight or we
won't get to the single story overlay with as much time as those people
would like. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was going to move that we take this up next
week as part of the parking discussion.

Council Member Berman: Second.

                                                                        Page 28 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
