                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silver: Yes. We still want to solicit comments on the current scenarios
that we have published in the EIR.

Mayor Burt: Just wanted to make sure. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: To clarify, I'm just speaking to the Motion and
would like to continue this conversation. If we reopen comments, how long
would the comment period be?

Ms. Gitelman:   I think our current schedule assumes again a 60-day
comment period.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for the Motion. This really addresses, I
think, one of my major concerns. I think I mentioned it before. I think this
idea of multiple scenarios and mixing and matching is very confusing for the
public to comment. Adding two more scenarios and treating those in a
supplement, I think, was going to be even more confusing. It's better that
we're doing them altogether. I think even better would be to have a
preferred scenario by the time we get to that final comment period. If
anybody else wants to propose that as an amendment, I'm happy with this
motion. Huh?

Mayor Burt: Propose what as an amendment?

Council Member DuBois: Having actually a preferred alternative when we
get to public comment. I think this is a big improvement, so I support the
motion.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to reopen the public comment period for the Comprehensive
Plan Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) for Scenarios 1-4, to run
concurrently with the public comment period for Scenarios 5 and 6.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights, so we can vote just on this Motion, and
then we can go into our actual discussion of scenarios. That passes—Vice
Mayor Schmid, are you voting? Did you vote? I mean Council Member
Schmid. Just not working. Is it a yes? No. That passes on an 8-1 vote
with Council Member Schmid voting no.

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Mayor Burt: Now, we can go back to our actual comments on scenarios.
Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: A quick question. When we get to the feedback on
Scenarios 5 and 6, I'd actually went back and looked at our May list. The
                                                                         Page 70 of 128
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
