                         TRANSCRIPT
removed in June. Wood chips from the piece were integrated naturally into
the City’s park landscaping. Following the destruction of Double Take, a
crowdfunding effort was launched by the Palo Alto Art Center Foundation to
raise funds to bring Dougherty back to construct another sculpture. The
crowdfunding raised $15,000, met within a two week period, and he has
come back to create and construct another environmentally friendly
sculpture. Of course, that’s not Mr. Dougherty there in the bottom right-
hand corner but our own Rob de Geus. Finally, just again, the Rinconada
Library wins another design award. Last week, the Rinconada Library was
recognized for its design and received the Honor Award for Public
Architecture at the San Mateo County American Institute of Architecture.
The design jury awards one Honor Award to the project that bests
demonstrates a confident sense of place, ecology, history and purpose. It is
further confirmation in the case of this award of this very successful
renovation that upgraded our library structure while maintaining the
integrity of its architecture. That’s all I have to report.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you very much.

Oral Communications

Vice Mayor Scharff: Now, we’ll move to Oral Communications. You’ll each
have three minutes. The first speaker is—I think it's Tesfamichael Zeru
Ugbe. Is that correct? Am I mispronouncing it? After that, we'll have Iris
Korol.

Tesfamichael Zeru Ugbe: My name, that's not my (inaudible). My name is
Tesfamichael Zeru Ugbe. I already told him to be called on (inaudible). I
don't know who (inaudible) very name of me. If I said your name is
Michael, would you accept that name? Would you accept it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I apologize for mispronouncing your name. Would you
like to speak?

Mr. Ugbe: (inaudible) I got to know this. This is a serious matter.
(inaudible). I've said this (inaudible). I'm going to talk about the education
system of the City of Palo Alto, that's number one, the City of San Pablo,
that's number two, the City of (inaudible), better named as (inaudible),
that's number three, and the City of Richmond, that's number four, to be
upgraded and elevated. This has to include the safety of all children under
the age of 25. Twenty-five is the landmark for adulthood. At the (inaudible)
time, when the age 25 ends, then the person becomes an adult. Serious.
I've said this. I've told several times in my lifetime about the age of
adulthood. This has to be less than 25 complete years. The safety of all
those children has to be kept by me first and if subordination and help by
                                                                          Page 2 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/7/16
