                          TRANSCRIPT
representing people who       could   possibly   have   this   disease    that      is
carcinogenic. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to the Consent Calendar. I see we have
speaker cards. We have four speakers. If anyone else wishes to speak,
please fill out a card and bring it forward promptly. We'll be moving on from
public speakers shortly. Our first speaker is Bruce Hodge to speak on
Agenda Item Number 5. You have up to five minutes to speak. Welcome.

Bruce Hodge, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Thank you,
Mayor Burt. I'm Bruce Hodge from Carbon Free Palo Alto. A few days ago
while idly perusing the upcoming Agenda for tonight's meeting, I was very
surprised to see an item on the Consent Calendar that would largely reset
Palo Alto's plans for local solar. Being a close observer of Palo Alto's policy
on these matters, I was stunned. Why had I not heard of this before?
Guess what? No one else had heard of it either. I find this tactic to be
profoundly disturbing and undemocratic in nature. This is not what I expect
from Palo Alto's City government. Members of our community have worked
diligently over a few years, more than a few years, to ensure that the City
has a reasonable for local solar. It would be almost criminal to see all that
undone with so little consideration. The Committee's recommendation would
essentially kill the Palo Alto CLEAN program as well as plans for a community
solar program. This flies in the face of both Staff and Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) recommendations and is incongruent with the direction
being set by the upcoming Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP).
Frankly, this is meddling in a complex area for the wrong reasons with very
negative consequences. The City had previously set a goal to obtain four
percent of its total energy from local solar. Terminating Palo Alto CLEAN
would blow a hole in those plans. There are ample opportunities for the City
to modify the Palo Alto CLEAN program in ways that serve the goals of the
program.     There's absolutely no need to apply such a sledgehammer
approach. With net metering being phased out, Palo Alto CLEAN now
becomes the central mechanism for encouraging local solar in a cost-
effective way. For various reasons, Palo Alto has had a difficult time in
building out local solar. I thought we were on a pathway to exit our
doldrums. Let's not throw yet another monkey wrench into Palo Alto's local
solar future. Please enough of this undemocratic and unhelpful behavior.
Thank you.



                                                                         Page 33 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
