                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION2: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss
to:

B.    Adopt a Record of Land Use Action approving the Architectural Review
      application for four new office buildings at 1050 Page Mill Road; and

C.    Landscaping that is predominately indigenous plants providing natural
      habitat; and

D.    Provide a landscape reserve South of Building Number 3 sufficient to
      provide for a future bikeway spine, should a spine project be adopted
      in the future by Stanford University and the City. Agreement to this
      condition would be required from the Lessee and Stanford University.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Does that cover it? Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I haven't seen something in front of
the Council or even going back to Commission days that's this much of a
conundrum in many years. I have procedural issues. I have EIR issues. I
have explanation issues, if you will. Now that I've said that, you know
where I stand on that. I do have one clarifying question for the maker of
the motion. The landscape reserve south of Building No. 3—it's also a
question for Staff—is that concurrent with the spine road? Is the intention
to be concurrent with the spine road?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you, Council Member Holman. There really is no spine
road. If I understand what Item D is saying, it's saying that we want to
reserve a landscape area that could be used for bicycle and pedestrian
access. I don't understand the last sentence of "D." I wonder whether the
maker of the motion would be okay with deleting that last sentence.
"Agreement to this condition would be ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm fine with deleting it. Do you think it shouldn't be in
there?

Ms. Gitelman: I presume ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Take it out.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION2 WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER
AND SECONDER to remove from the Motion Part D, “agreement to this
condition would be required from the Lessee and Stanford University.”

Council Member Holman: I understand there is no spine road, but there is a
theory. It was actually in information provided by Jeff Levinsky and Doria
Summa, whichever one provided this. It actually talks about—this talks
                                                                        Page 83 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
