                          TRANSCRIPT
quality, we have another Spare the Air Day tomorrow. We have more and
more of them every year. The less traffic we have, the better our air quality
is going to be. Are we going to be to change the world? No, but we can do
our fair share. As we talk about very much in Palo Alto, what are we doing
to help the environment and are we doing our fair share? I'm very happy to
support the Motion that is—I want to read this here.

Council Member Kniss: I'm not quite sure how to word it, but I'd like to
have 2017 be the priority.

Council Member Holman: That's how I would support the Motion, with a
priority of 2017. Let the work in the next year inform whether it's 2017 or
2018.

Council Member Kniss: Maybe we can put in "if necessary." I'd really like to
concentrate on 2017 for a whole variety of reasons.

Council Member Holman: Very good. Thank you much.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the beginning of Motion Part B, “if
necessary.”

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think I had my light on before the Motion. With
the changes you just made, I think I can support the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I can support the Motion also. In 2014 with the
TOT tax, the Chamber did oppose the measure, but there wasn't active
opposition to the measure.          That was intentional.    I had a lot of
conversations with members of the business community, including
somebody here today. While I could tell they weren't going to support the
final resolution, I could tell they weren't really ramped up to fight it either.
There's a big difference there. My hope is that with more outreach, with the
stakeholder committee—the same goes for the press. In showing to them
that we're having a thorough process to identify the best possible solution,
whether it's a tax measure or I hope we also discuss other things. This is a
much better process to coming up with some sort of solution to this. Even if
everybody doesn't get on board and sing Kumbaya, at the end of this
process we don't have folks who are actively raising money and running an
opposition campaign. I was wrong, Greg. I looked it up; we raised $7,000
for the TOT.
                                                                          Page 89 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
