                          TRANSCRIPT
time the Council actually authorized us to enter into a Memorandum of
Agreement or an intention to participate in this exercise. We had some
language in there that before we actually proceeded we would come back to
the Council. In the intervening years, a couple of things changed. One,
Mr. Gershon and folks at the Empowerment Institute refocused the concept
of the Cool Cities Challenge to very specifically focus at the block level in a
city and kind of talked about this in the sense of a Cool Block program and
actually added some supporting components. One, the issue of not just
climate change and carbon reduction but also water management, obviously
given the water conditions but the drought in the country. There's a
community resiliency piece that has some interface with our existing efforts
in that area, and big focus on is there a way to build some more social
connection. More importantly, it actually secured funding that could support
an actual larger Cool Cities initiative and I think there's almost up to $3
million that could be awarded to a number of cities in the future. What we
have here, though, is a prelude to all of that, which was an invitation to us,
to Los Angeles, and I think they're working with San Francisco, whether or
not we would be willing to pilot and in a lot of ways sort of preview some of
the approaches that would be part of the Cool Cities Challenge by essentially
piloting a ten-block area of the City. We probably, depending upon how you
want to count them, have close to 1,000 residential blocks in the City. After
that 6 or 8-month period, to expand that, add another 20 blocks and do a
30-block pilot. That's designed, I think, to do a couple of things. One would
really be to complete the design on the ultimate Cool Cities Challenge in
which we could decide whether or not we as a City wanted to pursue the
grant funding that would really support a larger effort. I think both since
we've had folks in our community support, the Council had previously
supported it. To be honest with you, one, I have a bias to thinking that we
want to get individuals and households involved as actively as possible as we
can on the climate change issue, but also that it's worthwhile to test whether
or not we can do a better job on building more social-connectedness at the
block level in neighborhoods and not just rely on affinity relationships with
people around town. That's sort of how we got to this point. We put this on
the Council's Agenda since we had indicated we would not formally do
anything without returning to the Council. I can talk to you more about the
specifics of this proposal, but that's how we got to this point.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a quick question. The report says it will take
very little Staff time. As a private pilot, it seems like a great thing to try.
How much Staff time do you anticipate?



                                                                         Page 39 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
