                          TRANSCRIPT
survey process. They are approved administratively within the Planning
Department. As I mentioned before, the Downtown District was broken up
into ten employee parking zones in Phase 2. Permits in each were sold to
employees on first-come-first-serve basis. The zones include the north and
south faces of streets where possible to try to avoid crowding. Resident
permits are valid anywhere in the Downtown District. Employees purchase a
permit for a certain zone; residents purchase a permit that's valid anywhere.
As I mentioned, in Phase 2 there's a cap of 2,000 employee permits total.
In the initial Phase 2 decision, those permits were distributed throughout the
ten employee parking zones. As of right now, most of those zones are sold
out. Obviously the outer zones are still where the permits are available.
The inner zones, as one may understand, sold out fairly quickly. The
numbers here indicate the number of available permits. As we've learned
throughout years of selling permits throughout the City, the number of
permits that are distributed are not the number of employees that are
parking on any given day. People take the train. People don't work every
day. People bike. People walk. That all totals up for a total of 2,000
permits. You'll note that in the outer zones, Zone 9 and Zone 10, a portion
of the permits are held in reserve because not all of those streets are part of
the program at this point. Those residents need to decide that they want to
be part of the program and opt in through a petition and a survey process.
In Phase 2, there are resident permits and there are employee permits.
Residents are eligible for up to four annual decals. Those are stickers that
are adhered to the vehicle. They're also eligible for up to two transferrable
guest permits. The decals, again up to four per household, the first one is
free of charge. The additional three are $50 each. The visitor hangtags are
also $50. Those are the green permits that you'll see on the vehicles
throughout the Downtown. Employee permits are all blue. They're also all
zone specific. Every single employee permit has a zone number on it.
Employees can purchase an annual decal that’s adhered to their vehicle.
Employers are able to purchase a transferrable hangtag that several
employees can share. Coming into Phase 2, we put daily permit controls in
place. There are daily permits that employees can purchase, and that
supports the use of alternative modes to driving alone. If somebody
typically takes the train but has to drive occasionally, they can buy a daily
permit. Only employees are able to buy those permits. They're not
available to employers. They are zone specific, and the zones are assigned
randomly. You'll buy a daily permit online, and it's luck of the draw as to
what's sent to you essentially. There are no daily permits issued for Zones 9
or 10. The Resolution before you tonight addresses three streets in the
Crescent Park neighborhood. Residents of those three streets submitted a
petition to be added to the Downtown RPP District. Those petitions were
received after the deadline for filing. In May 2016 when we were evaluating
petitions for future RPP programs, City Council directed Staff to revise the
                                                                       Page 69 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
