                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That's okay. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Some of the comments made by Council Members
Kniss and Schmid underlie the importance of flexibility, which ties a bit to
the comments of Council Members Scharff and Wolbach, even though they
claim to disagree or Wolbach claimed to disagree with Scharff.

Male: (inaudible).

Council Member Berman: Or that. It's true. Our economy is changing. The
way we buy things is changing. The way we look at things is changing.
Because of that, it's important to have flexibility. Because of that, as
Council Member Scharff mentioned, I wouldn't support a permanent
ordinance that only had economic hardship and unconstitutional taking of
property as the threshold that had to be met for Council to provide an
exception to the rule. Clearly different parts of Palo Alto and even clearly
different parts of a larger Downtown area might be able to facilitate different
uses. I think we should create—if it's going to be a permanent Ordinance, I
think it's one that should have that flexibility in there to allow for different
situations. I like the idea of having certain rules for a Downtown core versus
an outside of the core. I disagree with Council Member Scharff that we
should get so specific as to say certain uses for University and this for Lytton
and this for Hamilton and that kind of thing.

Male: (inaudible).

Council Member Berman: I like the idea of different standards for the
Downtown core versus the areas outside. I also think we need different
standards for different parts of town, and we don't have that in the
temporary Ordinance. We should have different standards in the permanent
Ordinance. Obviously different parts of town should be treated differently.
I'm intrigued by the idea of schools. Maybe it's partially because I've
become so much more acutely aware of the shortage of childcare facilities
and preschools that we have in the region. That's not to say that any of
these sites would be perfect for that use specifically, but there could be sites
that would be good for those uses. That's something we should consider if
there's a way that we can add it into the Ordinance in a way that wouldn't
create dead zones that some of my colleagues are worried about. We have
a desperate need for those types of facilities and services in Silicon Valley as
a whole. I think if we can encourage that, that would be a huge benefit to
our community. That's the high-level thoughts I have. I'm glad that we're
not going to totally rewrite the temporary Ordinance six months before it
sunsets. I think it's helpful to get some direction for what the permanent
Ordinance should look like.

                                                                        Page 80 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
