                          TRANSCRIPT
Downtown RPP Resolution to include those additional streets as part of the
eligibility area. The Resolution before you is essentially following that
Council direction to add those three streets to the approved eligibility area.
Those streets can then complete a mail survey to opt into the Downtown
RPP program. For a Phase 2 status update, this is as of the end of July when
the four month time period came up. The vast majority of permits that are
on the street right now are resident decals. Those are the vehicle-specific
permits. Residents get one free and can purchase up to three additional.
There's about 1,000, 1,100 annual visitor hangtags. A total of about 4,500
resident annual permits have been sold as of the end of July in the
Downtown RPP program. As of that time, almost 900 employee decals had
been sold and about 460 of the employer hangtags, for a total of about
1,350 employee annual permits were issued as of the end of July. We've
conducted data collection efforts roughly every two months. We have data
right now as of March, May and June. We have an additional data collection
effort this coming Thursday, and then we'll likely have data collected again
in November. In March 2016, that was pre-Phase 2. What we were seeing
was the pattern that was prevalent during Phase 1, where employee permits
were valid anywhere within the District. Employees were naturally parking
as close to the Downtown as they could. Moving into May, this is about
three weeks, four weeks into the Phase 2 program. There was definitely a
settling-in phase moving into the Phase 2 and moving into the use of the
employee parking zones. Our enforcement Staff did an outstanding job of
providing education on the streets and really helping people right at the
scene to figure out where they were able to park and where their permits
were valid. In May we were still seeing some confusion about where to
park, still seeing clustering in the Downtown North and the areas directly
south of the Downtown core. Also some of that is the focus was on
education and providing information to permit holders. There were quite a
few vehicles that were using the two hour parking limit in the areas closest
to Downtown. Going into June, it seems the permit holders had settled into
the program. We were able to focus on enforcement of the two hour limit
and re-parking within the same zone, which is not allowed. The clustering
improved closer to Downtown. The vehicles did seem to spread out a bit.
That said, June is still part of Phase 2. It's still part of a pilot. What we're
seeing is not perfect and wasn't expected to be perfect. We have areas
where we can improve from the lessons that we've learned. As I mentioned,
additional data collection will occur this fall, including Zones 9 and 10. That
first effort will be this Thursday. In terms of the eligibility area and streets
opting in, the 500 block of Hale Street and the 800 block of Palo Alto Avenue
have successfully petitioned into the Downtown District. We're scheduling
signage installation within the next couple of weeks. The 600 block of Hale
is going to be completing another mail survey in the next few weeks. As I
said, we're in a pilot program. We're learning as we go. We learned great
                                                                        Page 70 of 121
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 09/06/16
