                          TRANSCRIPT
not, we're going to have to figure out something else on what we do with
the Agenda tonight, because "14B," former Item Number 12, is likely to
have some substantial discussion. We just had a Retreat and talked about
how we were going to address our efficiency. I would argue that we really
didn't exercise that under Item Number 11. We weren't succinct, and we
didn't value the work of Policy and Services even though Policy and Services
had acknowledged that it was legitimate to bring this to the full Council.

At this time Council heard Agenda Item 13

13.   Approval of a Twenty Five (25) Year Lease Agreement Between the
      City of Palo Alto and the Museum of American Heritage (MOAH) for the
      City Owned Property at 351 Homer Avenue, Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt: Item Number 13.

Lalo Perez, Administrative Services Director/Chief Financial Officer: Thank
you, Mayor. Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer. I'll try to be brief with my
comments. A lot of the information is in the Staff Report. Back in 1997, the
City and the Museum of American Heritage entered into a 20-year lease that
included the requirement for extensive repairs and restorations to the main
house and the original garage. That work was done. In addition, there was
a new educational building, accessible restroom and restoration of the
property gardens. According to MOAH, that's how I'll abbreviate it, they
spent over $1 million with those renovations plus maintenance. The lease
ends in 2017, and MOAH is requesting the City enter into a new 25-year
agreement to allow for the continuation of the maintenance and additional
capital work. The capital work is listed in the letter of the request that is
attached in the report, Attachment A, and it's packet page 886. You will see
there's work for the structure and the exterior. There's also in that letter, in
that page, a list of the civic contributions that MOAH has made over the
years. In reviewing their request, we also asked them to submit their
funding availability. From reviewing the funding statements, it appears that
there's sufficient funds to address the work that they want to complete. We
went through our policy and procedures. We did two notifications in our
local newspapers in December, advising the community that there was a
request for this lease to be extended for 25 years. We also notified within
300 feet property owners and tenants. To date, there have been no
requests for the property. What we are asking from the Council is that you
move forward with authorizing the City Manager to negotiate a 25-year lease
with MOAH. Jim Wall from MOAH is also here tonight and can answer
questions that you may have. That's our presentation.



                                                                         Page 67 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
