                         TRANSCRIPT
the Plante Moran recommendations and your updates on that. The Staff
Report says no approval is required at this time. When we vote the Consent
Item Number Three, is that the Council just voting a few more dollars or is it
endorsement of the recommendation of "3A"? Why isn't the Study Session
and the Consent Item together so it would be an open Action Item?
Wouldn't that be more transparent in terms of what we're doing and where
we're going and the Council's role?

Mr. Reichental: It's a complex question actually in terms of the process. It
was only recently that these things aligned. Originally the Consent Item for
the amount tonight would have been on a different night. The planets
aligned, and we thought we might as well take all questions and all concerns
at the same time. It was opportunistic. Maybe you can answer a little bit of
it.

Mr. Keene: Let me jump in. I think it's a good point. Actually, we talked
about it a little bit this morning, looking at how these converge. One could
make the case we could have combined them just into an Action Item, but
we didn't. Even though the Study Session Report says no action is required,
I think it's fair to say that the presumption is that we would proceed with a
Consent Item Number Three designing the scope of work that we would
pursue along the lines of the recommendations that are part of the Study
Session. That being said, even though the explicit approval in the Study
Session is not asked for, the fact is the Council can speak to the fact of
whether or not you're in agreement with the direction. I don't think it's a
transparency issue, because it would be very transparent that you've said
this. When we approve the Consent Item, it's going to be very clear what
we're going to do. The only issue I would really see is if somehow there was
real disagreement about the direction we were going in the Study Session.
If you were to reach that conclusion, then we'd probably have to say we
would postpone action on the Consent Item until we got that clear direction.

Council Member Schmid: Good. That is helpful. It does mean when we do
vote on Consent, we are endorsing the direction you're taking. This is the
first formal time since that November 2014 Report that we have done that.

Mr. Keene: That being said, obviously we'll be proceeding with doing the
outreach and a process. Whatever we come up with, we're going to have to
come back to the Council, of course, on the actual design, the cost, the
implementation. The Council will have the opportunity to approve, deny or
ask for modifications.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.


                                                                        Page 11 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
