                          TRANSCRIPT
and I don't think that's really necessary in the enforcement.       I think the
County could probably accommodate us on something like that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth, you now want to speak.

Council Member Filseth: We're right to really ponder and look at all the
ramifications and issues of the economics associated with this. The bottom
line is the stuff kills people. There's going to be an impact if we stop selling
it or reduce selling it. I think we ought to move forward. I don't think I'm
going to support the substitute Motion.

Council Member Holman: Can I just clarify one thing about the Motion?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, go ahead.

Council Member Holman: The reason I said to have Staff do outreach to the
retailers and return to Council with options—the things that Vice Mayor
Scharff mentioned are the kinds of things I would expect to come back in an
Ordinance to cover Palo Alto, like the flavored tobaccos and those sorts of
things. That was the intention of the Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: We've been talking about a fairly narrow issue of
small business changing ownership. I wonder if it could be taken care of by
a request to the County to make an amendment to "(f)(2)" to just …

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, that's what Vice Mayor Scharff said he
would be doing to the primary Motion if the substitute fails.

Council Member Schmid: I would like to ask the County rep whether …

Mayor Burt: I had asked that same kind of question earlier. Our Staff had
said that they would be able to come back with …

Mr. Bobel: We would work with the County. I think it's unfair to Nicole,
who's not in their Attorney's Office, to expect her to respond one way or the
other.

Ms. Cox: There are multiple departments that are part of the process, so I
would need to re-engage our team to have that conversation.

James Keene, City Manager: We'd work with the County. If it could be
done, we'll come back and tell you it could be done. If it can't be done, we
would come back and let you know that.

                                                                          Page 66 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
