                         TRANSCRIPT
his hand there. He's relatively new to the City, and he's running our
Systems, Applications and Data Processing (SAP) systems and our
Geographic Information System (GIS) system. I also wanted to recognize
Ganjin [phonetic] who is the Project Manager, to his left—hi there—who is
running this project so well for the City. I came to the City Council in late
2013, early 2014, I believe, to first propose that we take a look at our SAP
systems. When I first joined the City, one of the first questions I got from
many of you and colleagues was what are we going to do with SAP. My
answer was nothing yet, let me take a look at it and talk to the right people
and evaluate it and stabilize it. We did that, and then we realized it was
time to look out to the future, so we started that work. We brought in a
company to evaluate our current state, what was the current state of our
core system and what should we do, should we do nothing, should we
actually do something about it, should we make investments in the future.
Here's what the results said. Just before I actually get to the results, it's
useful if I tell you a little bit about what SAP is. It's obviously a vendor
name for a set of software that provides some core services at the City. For
example, our Administrative Services uses it to do payroll every two weeks
and purchasing.       Our Utilities uses it for billing management, work
management, for doing the reporting.            Our Human Resources (HR)
organization uses it to support HR processes. Public Works uses it for refuse
and recycle billing. Every Staff member pretty much uses it to enter their
time every two weeks, what they're doing, and that's how they get paid. It's
used for a wide variety of very core features at the City. Just to give you a
sense of its scale, we have about 320 systems at the City, individual
computer systems. Twenty-nine of them touch the services I just talked
about. There are 29 systems that are integrated with SAP. SAP talks to
about 14 other systems outside the City. For example, our credit cards, the
CalPERS, our retirement program and some utility reporting, energy
reporting that we do that's both regulatory and also useful to our community
members. We spend $3 million on SAP approximately each year; $2 million
of that is the labor involved in supporting all the processes, and about $1
million is for software maintenance. Hopefully that gives you a good sense
of the scale of what we're talking about today. I will also say that I know
SAP, since it first rolled out in 2001, was somewhat bumpy. There were
times when the system didn't work the way we expected. Since I joined
about 4 1/2 years ago, we've brought it to a very stable place. Largely, SAP
is sort of a quiet system. You never hear from me about it. I do want to
say, as we sit here today, the system is stable and does the things it's
supposed to do. I often say it's ugly, but it works based on the version we
have. Payroll is made every two weeks. We run our Utilities using SAP.
Clearly there are limitations to it that I'll now illustrate to you. The world
has changed since we rolled out SAP in 2001. That's 15 years ago. There's
a lot of new tech. We also found that the cost of running these big systems
                                                                          Page 2 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
