                          TRANSCRIPT
management solutions to make better use of existing parking supply. Just a
few things to take into account when you're evaluating the need for an RPP
program. Set forth in the Citywide RPP Ordinance that was adopted in
December 2014, the process for a new RPP district is that first residents
need to self-organize and submit a petition by March 31st. We received four
petitions this year. The residents did an admirable job of self-organizing. It
seems that a number of them are here this evening as well. Second the
Planning Director will review the petitions, and then the Planning and
Transportation Commission will evaluate and recommend prioritization. We
went to the PTC on April 27th. I'll discuss their prioritization later in this
presentation. The available resources will inform which districts can be
implemented, and Staff will begin the community outreach and stakeholder
process and data collection for the district or districts that will be working on
implementing that year. The Staff will bring the proposed RPP district and a
City Attorney-prepared draft resolution back to the PTC. The PTC will make
a recommendation to City Council. The City Council will then hold a public
hearing to review the proposed resolution and decide whether to adopt,
reject or modify that resolution. In the Citywide RPP Ordinance, there is a
September deadline for bringing that program back to City Council. Given
that we are in May now, that is likely not going to be the case this year, but
this is the first time that this ordinance has really been put through this test.
We may need to make modifications to that schedule in the future. In terms
of evaluation criteria for an RPP district, when we went to the PTC, we did
recognize that there are no set criteria for evaluating and prioritizing an RPP
district. Per the Citywide ordinance, there are four required findings that
must be made in order for an RPP district to be formed, that can serve as a
criteria to consider. The first is that nonresident vehicles do or may
substantially interfere with the use of on-street or alley parking spaces by
neighborhood residents.         The second is that the interference by the
nonresident vehicles occurs at regular and frequent intervals, either daily or
weekly. The third is that the nonresident vehicles parked in the area of the
proposed district create traffic congestion, noise or other disruption including
a shortage of parking spaces for residents and their visitors that disrupts
neighborhood life. The fourth is that other alternative parking strategies are
not feasible or practical. Taking that into account, we can move into
reviewing of the four petitions that were received by March 31st of this year.
The first is a small area near Edgewood Plaza that was submitted in October
2015; a small segment of three streets in Crescent Park that was submitted
in January 2016; the Southgate neighborhood in February; and the
Evergreen Park neighborhood in March. First, we had a small segment of
streets near the Edgewood Plaza Shopping Center that submitted a petition.
That shows where those streets are located in relation to the existing
Crescent Park no overnight parking program. Nearby but not adjacent, and
it's also somewhat nearby the Downtown RPP district but further away. The
                                                                         Page 66 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
