                         TRANSCRIPT
modification after the cap has been reached. Net energy metering is a
simple and effective payment method that has been crucial to the
widespread adoption of solar in California. As you all know, rooftop solar is
vital to continue growing the clean energy economy. If changes to the Net
Energy Metering (NEM) program must be made, CPAU should examine
changes that at least phase in gradually over time. If CPAU decides not to
extend the current program at all and to instead replace it, we then
recommend prioritizing a program that considers environmental benefits,
one that's easy to understand, one that doesn't harm current net energy
metering customers, and one that thoroughly looks at both the positive and
the negative attributes of new payment systems, such as a value of solar
tariff. Palo Alto has long been a leader in innovative program design. We
hope that this continues and that we can work with you on this effort.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sarah Qureshi to be followed by Esther Nigenda.

Sarah Qureshi, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Good evening.
I'm Sarah Qureshi, energy and environment associate with the Silicon Valley
Leadership Group. Thanks for the opportunity to speak to you tonight about
this important issue. The Silicon Valley Leadership Group represents more
than 390 of Silicon Valley's most respected employers on issues, programs
and campaigns that affect the economic health and quality of life in Silicon
Valley. The Leadership Group has a long history of support for continuing
net energy metering programs at the State and local level. The Leadership
Group's members, who include clean tech companies, large end users,
universities, investors and renewable energy companies, have a strong
interest in continuing net energy metering programs. Furthermore, many of
these companies have indicated that California's strong renewable energy
policies were a key driver for locating their companies in this state. Net
energy metering is one of those key policies. Palo Alto's net energy
metering program has been very successful to date. The Leadership Group
strongly urges the Council to continue the program in its current form. The
Leadership Group developed eight guiding principles with regard to net
energy metering that it hopes the Council will take into consideration if it
decides not to continue with its current net energy metering program. Three
of which are the following: the successor tariff should be consistent with
and balance the legislative requirements and goals identified in Assembly Bill
(AB) 327, the enacting legislation for net energy metering. The successor
tariff should provide market certainty and predictability considering
customer expectations and long-term benefits and cost of distributed
generation including societal costs and benefits. The successor tariff should
be consistent with achieving statewide greenhouse gas emission reduction
targets and other State policies and goals involving distributed energy
                                                                        Page 17 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
