                          TRANSCRIPT
purpose is to protect the Measure E site or that the only place landscaping
would be would be on the Measure E.             In fact, the purpose of the
landscaping on the south side should be to protect the views of the parkland
on the former landfill, which you can see through that gap between those
buildings on the south side. There is space on the Regional Water Quality
Control Plant for that landscaping which, if planted now, would have at least
two years of growth while we're waiting to build the sludge dewatering and
load-out facility. There is no problem, there'll be no conflict if something is
built on Measure E because the access of Measure E to the plant would be
through an extension of Embarcadero Way. It couldn't possibly go through
those buildings that are there. I would urge you to amend the approval to
add that landscaping. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Mark Roest. Welcome.

Mark Roest: Thank you. I'm friends with one of your citizens. He worked
with a company 15, 20 years ago that was a pioneer in methane digester
wastewater treatment, not just waste or sewage treatment.             As an
alternative to the very large tanks that you're talking about, there is a
company—I think they're in Provo. It's a couple of brothers who are
academics. They're affiliated with the university. They've got the best in
methane digester technology on the planet from the research I did when I
was in a startup that was looking at going into that business. 25,000 gallons
a piece, average four day transit time eliminates issues of hydrogen sulfides
and (inaudible) accumulation and plugging.            Tanks height, they're
(inaudible) tanks which are typically three or five times the diameter in
height, like that shape. You can cluster them; you could also disperse them.
It's very modular. About $50,000 a piece is my understanding. I think that
would be probably $4 million or so for the lot to be able to handle a million
gallons a day. You'd want basically four times the capacity in order to
handle it every four days. You guys might want to really check those guys
out before you invest in this other, older technology. Their technology also
is fully instrumented and fully manageable remotely. They can manage the
thing for you from Utah.

Public Hearing closed at 8:30 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now close the public hearing and return to
the Council for discussion and a Motion.

Council Member Kniss: I would move the Staff recommendation and that we
proceed with the Regional Water Quality Control Plant (RWQCP) sludge
facility as described by Mr. Bobel tonight.

Mayor Burt: I will second that.
                                                                         Page 49 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
