                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Rather than me butchering it, it'd probably be
better to have, through the Chair the attorney repeat that statement. It was
special circumstance.

Mayor Burt: That'd be fine.

Council Member Holman: If Cara could repeat it.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: I'm happy to summarize. I
think what the attorney referenced is the purpose section of the variance.
We did take that into account. We certainly think that this is a situation
where a variance request should be processed. We understand that there
are some factual situations here that warrant discussion. It's just up to the
Council at this point to determine whether the criteria have been met.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. A couple of thoughts first. Following up on
Council Member Kniss' question to you. When we look at the Director's
determination, one of the things is you talked about a special circumstance
applicable to the subject property. When you look at the map, it seems to
me that that special circumstance is very clear, that it's a shallower lot but a
lot.   It's 130 feet versus 200 foot.          That seems a very different
circumstance. If you do have the traffic noise and that upfront, the further
you are back, the less you're going to have that, the more privacy you're
going to have in the back and all of that. That seems to me to be a separate
special circumstance. I understand Planning could interpret it either way. I
think we're fully within our rights to interpret it that way as a special
circumstance and that lot's different. The way this is done seems really
goofy to me. I realize that's what was passed by the law. I just wanted to
confirm that if we followed this and went with the 37-foot setback, the next
house to develop on this block would then have a 39-foot setback. It sort of
depends which one it is. If it was the house with the 69-foot setback, then
the next house could go further in, further to the street. This is really goofy
the way this is done. I totally agree with Staff that to effect this change
Staff recommended that we have a zoning text amendment.                 What I
understood that to mean is you should come back to us.                Maybe I
misunderstood that. It seems to me you should come back to us and say
how do we fix this in one of these cleanups. That's what I think we should
do. I wanted to get Staff's reaction to that, of cleaning this up.

Mr. Lait: In our internal conversations we have found it a bit odd that if you
have three properties or fewer, you're one scenario. If you have four, you're
one scenario. If you have five or more, you're another scenario. I don't
know what's magical about four, why that's considered differently than the
                                                                          Page 31 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
