                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Silvani: Thank you. I think you hit on a couple of key points. That is
that we're trying to do with the subsidy that we're trying to give a good-
enough incentive for a long-enough period of time that a few people will
actually change their habits. We are going to learn. As I said, every
community is unique. We don't have a magic answer right now, so we're
going to try this. In a couple of months, if that doesn't work, we'll modify
what the incentive is. We're going to learn as we go, and we'll figure it out.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks. I think it's the changing ...

Ms. Silvani: That's kind of the investment that we're asking from you with a
lot of accountability in coming back and saying this worked and this didn't
work and this is why we now want to go over here and try this. That's
exactly what the philosophy has been.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you. That's it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I don't really want to go up to (inaudible) in the
rain either, but if Carl's going to do it, I'll do it. I concur with Council
Member Kniss. I like what you've done so far. It's early. Glad to see you
guys are doing some stuff, going to try a couple of things. This is a Study
Session and so forth. I just had a couple of questions and observations. If I
understand your numbers, 55 percent of Downtown workers drive single
occupancy vehicles. That says there's about 10,000 jobs in the Downtown
area. Is that about right? 10,000 workers, okay. A thousand odd of those
are City employees, so we're about 10 percent of the Downtown. One thing
that I thought was kind of cool was in your survey you asked everybody
where they parked. If you take these numbers and map them to the 5,500
in terms of public garages versus neighborhoods and so forth, it actually
works. You've got sort of the public garages are now basically full. You've
got about 2,500 people in public garages. You've got 1,300, 1,400 people in
the neighborhoods which is about what you observed with the permit sales.
I thought that was kind of cool. I'll come back to that in a second. I just
have sort of two observations. One is—Council Member Scharff brought this
up earlier—the cost of the transit passes looks to me like you're estimating
about $1,000 a year for a transit pass. Is that ...

Ms. Silvani: (inaudible)

Council Member Filseth: A little under that. That sort of says that if you
waved your hands and said, "How much is it going to cost us for each person
we get out of a car? Maybe it'll cost us $900, $1,000." If you took the
transit pass activity as a ballpark and said, "Our goal is to get 1,650 people
                                                                        Page 59 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
