                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mazria: Exactly, adaptive reuse of existing buildings. That's a new hot
topic, you might say, in the country.            There's a whole group at
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Here in California we just had
a build well conference in San Francisco around just that issue. That is
now—you're absolutely right. That is now kind of a new frontier. It's being
discussed widely. They're now just developing the tools for what the savings
are of embodied carbon and embodied energy in actually saving the
structure of a building. That's also on the horizon.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. Glad to hear that. Could I
suggest that if Palo Alto's going to lead in a lot of these—not the L-E-E-D. If
Palo Alto's going to L-E-A-D, if Palo Alto's going to lead in this arena, we
really need to be more circumspect. While we're doing really good things,
we're doing good work, but we're not doing this in= a holistic or circumspect
manner. If we're going to lead and be leaders, we really need to be doing it
in that regard. Last comment I'll make and it's a ...

Mayor Burt: No, we're in questions.

Council Member Holman: I didn't know we were both.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I didn't realize just questions. We're going to do
another round? I guess you're saying the State goal is for commercial in like
2030. Are we saying Palo Alto's going to get there sooner?

Mr. Pirnejad: On our roadmap, we have a goal to get there sooner. We're
waiting for some technology to catch up. In fact part of our effort after this
would be the fuel-switching exercise. We are trying to identify barriers to
entry to how we might try to introduce more energy-efficient appliances,
electric appliances, to be Zero Net Energy. In a commercial setting, it's just
going to take a little bit more work, but we're headed in that direction by
2030. We hope to be there before, but the State hopes to be there by 2030.

Council Member DuBois:     On your thing, it seems like we're hoping to be
there much sooner.

Mr. Pirnejad: Probably one Code cycle before, so three years earlier is our
hope.

Council Member DuBois: I just like to understand a little bit more about
solar. I'm wondering what the discussion was locally in Palo Alto about
incenting more for solar versus kind of capping how much you can count


                                                                        Page 96 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
