                          TRANSCRIPT
saying are unimportant. Those were the dark red bars down on the right-
hand side. It's no more than about 1 in 10 that are saying any of these are
not worthwhile investments until we get down to the very bottom of the list.
When we talk about free transit passes to people who work in Palo Alto or
apps to make ridesharing, transit schedules and parking easier, smaller
numbers see those as being critical investments of funding.            Virtually
everything else on the list, we have two-thirds or more of voters telling us
are at least a somewhat important use of the dollars. This data, I think, ties
back with what we saw earlier in that the perception of need, that there's an
area that voters believe is critically underinvested in and should be a high
priority for additional spending, is very, very limited. It's really only the
transportation safety items that seem to reach that level of acute urgency
with local voters. That takes us to our conclusions. Again, we've talked
through most of these as we've gone through the data. The good news is
people feel very positively about how things are going in the City. It's
quality of life, the performance of City government. It's management of
money. At the same time, their perception of need for additional funding is
relatively modest. The specific funding mechanism that we looked at here in
some detail, a per employee tax, starts out with only 57 percent support,
rises to 66 percent in a best case scenario, and then falls to 61 at the end of
the survey, again with relatively low intensity throughout. Again, this
survey was a conceptual test of this idea. Obviously the Council hasn't put
forward a specific policy or detailed ballot measure concept. This survey
didn't test that, and there's always a chance that the whole adds up to
something greater than the sum of the parts. This data does suggest that
without some significant efforts to educate the public as to the nature of the
need, it looks like it would be challenging to reach that two-thirds threshold.
With that, Jim, do you want to talk about the next steps?

Mr. Keene: Sure. Thank you, Dave. First of all, I think it was no more than
two months ago when the Council brought this discussion up. Said why
don't we take a look at it. It's been really a kind of fast turnaround thanks
to the ad hoc committee of the Council, I mean for us to get the pollster on
board, design the poll, get it out, have the results. Right now it's May 2nd.
You guys go on break on July 2nd. In some more in-depth discussions that
we were able to have with Dave, it seemed pretty clear what he just said, he
said to us in more detail. Really being able to get a two-thirds vote, which
could qualify it for a special tax which would give the Council the maximum
flexibility about when you might schedule an election, certainly where we are
right now would look like a long shot. That being said, the potential for a
simple majority, 50 percent, is possible. Again, more to do to look at that.
In that case, we could only schedule this for a general election. The next
two general elections would be in 2016 and in 2018. As far as schedule
then, if you have interest at all in proceeding with consideration for 2016,
                                                                        Page 110 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
