                         TRANSCRIPT
the safety and traffic impact of this project. It's already been mentioned
before that currently there is two separate parking lots for this project. One
small one with four parking spaces, and a larger one with 20 space which
currently has ingress and egress on Lytton Avenue. This is an aerial shot of
the project or the current building. The red on the upper right is the current
20-space parking lot which goes out onto Lytton, and then you see the
smaller four space parking lot on the bottom which goes out onto Kipling.
This is another picture of the four space parking lot going out onto Kipling.
The proposed project is going to create a two-story, 65-car parking garage
with entrances and exits solely onto narrow Kipling Street. Currently there
are four cars going in and out of Kipling, so that is an over 1,500 percent
increase of traffic going onto Kipling.          Kipling Street has special
considerations, and you guys have heard about this through 429 University.
It's 29 feet wide. Cars are often parked on both sides of the street.
Congestion on Kipling is usually dependent on the type of vehicles that use
the street, factors such as the size of moving and parked vehicles, parked
vehicle distance from the curb, double-parked vehicles, FedEx, UPS, etc.
Unlike other Downtown streets with greater width than Kipling, Kipling is
very sensitive to these factors because there's simply no margin unlike other
streets. Cars often have to pull over to the side to allow opposing traffic to
pass. Three or more vehicles require some tricky coordination to work out
the congestion. This is a picture of Kipling, looking into Lytton Avenue. You
can see the street, the cars parked on both sides and the van in the center.
This wasn't staged. This was just traffic I picked up with my iPhone. On the
right where the red arrow is, is the current proposed entrance and exit of
the 65-car parking garage. You can see how narrow Kipling is. This is
something that I don't think Hexagon has really picked up on, the narrow
congestion of specific cars that go in and out of this area. Some of the
considerations we've got to consider is that the pedestrian traffic on Lytton
Avenue is mostly adults from what I observe. The reason being is that in
front of 437 Lytton there's a bus stop. People queue up there to take the
bus in the morning and in the evenings. The traffic on Kipling Street has a
lot more children walking between Johnson Park and Downtown. There's a
different composition of the traffic that we really need to be careful about.
When you increase the ingress and egress traffic on Kipling Street by over
1,500 percent, you decrease public safety because you have more traffic
going through the curb cut on the sidewalk where children walk. You have
more potential traffic coming from or going through to Johnson Park to get
to Highway 101 through Willow. You have increased traffic through the
neighborhood streets due to cut-through traffic. This is a map of the current
building. You can see the four parking lot space which exits out to Kipling on
the north, which is the purple arrow. You have a 20-space parking lot which
has ingress and egress on Lytton Avenue. On the proposed structure, all 65
cars will enter and exit onto Kipling Street under the purple arrow. Where
                                                                        Page 37 of 90
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/15/16
