                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to add
the following assumptions to Scenario 5 for purposes of greater contrast
among scenarios:

A.    Conditional Use Permit (CUP)       or   another   method      to    regulate
      employment densities; and

B.    County Expressway Plan 2040 implementation; and

C.    Community Commercial (2) sub-district (CC2) Floor Area Ratio (FAR)
      reductions near California Avenue.

Council Member DuBois: I don't think I need to speak to it very much.
Again, I was just looking at kind of the definitions of the scenarios. I think
those were places where "5" and "6" could be separated a little bit.

Mayor Burt: I'm just going to leave it at that. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:          I would strongly recommend that—while I
appreciate the Motion, this Motion itself could generate a lot of comment. I
appreciate the aspects of it, but I don't think at quarter of 11:00 P.M. when
we have another item pressing on us that we ought to undertake a Motion at
this hour on this. I strongly suggest and will move that the Scenario 5 and 6
will return to Council at the soonest possible date.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second that.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to continue this Agenda Item to the soonest possible date.

Mayor Burt: I'm okay with that too.

Council Member DuBois: I'll withdraw the Motion. I think basically we're
talking about not getting back to this until after the summer break. I think
we're going to be impacting the schedule fairly significantly.

Mr. Keene: At the risk of talking out of my element here, whatever. We
sort of have two things going on. We have four scenarios that have been
the subject of the Draft EIR. The comment period is going to close on
June 8. Hopefully, whatever you do today could put that piece of this to
bed.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No. It reopens under our previous Motion.

Mr. Keene: You could close now, and you can then deal with directions or
whatever comments related to Scenarios 5 and 6 separately in a sense.
                                                                          Page 93 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
