                          TRANSCRIPT
Downtown development cap study and identified several criteria for what
makes active uses successful. These included buildings with architectural
features that support retail storefronts, so storefront windows, awnings,
corner locations which are slightly more likely to support active retail uses,
and also adjacencies to other existing retail and ground-floor retail uses, so
you don't have one-off retail uses, uses that benefit from proximity to other
active uses. Also shown in yellow are locations near Alma, University and
Hamilton. This is a series of parcels that were removed from the GF
boundary in 2009 during the recession. Some satellite parcels closer to
Cowper on Lytton and Hamilton, on the eastern side of Downtown. These
are current retail, small nodes. In terms of nonconforming uses, in order to
encourage transparency from tenant spaces that are fronting on the
sidewalk such as financial services, offices, yoga studios, the framework
proposes to work with property owners and tenants to open up window
coverings during business hours. Where customer privacy requires window
coverings, adding display features, artwork, other items of visual interest.
In terms of amortization, Staff would pursue a separate Ordinance, as I
mentioned earlier, after the expiration of this interim Ordinance. In SOFA II,
we're also recommending adding development standards similar to what I
described in the ground-floor overlay but perhaps with standards that are
more appropriate to this district. You might not see as tall a first-floor story
height or the same level of transparency. Something more appropriate to
that neighborhood context. Additionally, educational uses would be allowed
on the ground floor in the RT-35 under this framework. I know you recently
took up schools as part of a conversation on October 4th, and we would fold
that into the study there. A couple more slides before my voice gives out.
In terms of an outreach program, we want to be comprehensive yet efficient
in the months that we have ahead. We're going to draw on previous
outreach efforts from the Downtown development cap evaluation. We'll be
meeting one-on-one, in small groups with stakeholders. You probably
received communications that we received since the Staff Report was
published. We'd be reaching out to those individuals and other individuals
that have contacted us. We're also going to be setting up a project website,
having hearings with the Planning and Transportation Commission as well as
the Council to provide opportunities for both public comment and decision-
maker review. This slide is showing our timing. As you can see, we're
aiming to hold hearings towards the end of this year, the beginning of next
year. The next steps, I mentioned we'd be addressing the balance of the
City through a subsequent Ordinance and the amortization efforts for
nonconforming uses Downtown after the expiration of the urgency
Ordinance.

Mr. Lait: I believe that concludes our report. I just wanted to remind the
Council. We've got somewhat of an aggressive timeline here, which is why
                                                                        Page 50 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
