             DRAFT ACTION MINUTES
AMENDMENT:         Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member DuBois to add to the Motion, “retain at the end of Municipal Code
Section 16.57.070, ‘on an annual basis following the enactment of this
chapter, the chief transportation official shall review the estimated cost of
the described parking, the continued need for that parking and the
reasonable relationship between such need and the impacts of pending or
anticipated nonresidential development within the assessment district. The
chief transportation official shall report his or her findings to the city council
at a noticed public hearing and recommend any adjustment to these
requirements as may be needed.’”

AMENDMENT FAILED: 3-6 DuBois, Holman, Schmid yes

MOTION PASSED: 8-1 Schmid no

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Council Member Wolbach reported that he is drafting a Colleagues
Memorandum regarding campaign finance reforms. Potential reforms would
include local donation limits for individuals and organizations, total
expenditure limits by campaigns, and disclosure requirements for campaign
advertising. He continues to discuss support with other Council Members.

Council Member Holman reported Bol Park donkey Perry will return to Bol
Park within the next week. Two donkeys are being considered to accompany
Perry upon his return.

Council Member Schmid noted that the Plan Bay Area Report included a jobs
to square footage ratio different than that used by the City. The City used
4 jobs per 1,000 square feet of office space. Plan Bay Area used 5.8-5.9
jobs per 1,000 square feet of office space.         He requested that the
jobs/square footage ratio and other assumptions included in Comprehensive
Plan Update Scenarios 5 and 6 be clearly communicated to Council and the
public, prior to the public comment period on the Scenarios. In particular,
he requested information regarding assumptions made about the
relationship between parking and square footage.


                                                                              Page 6 of 7
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                 Action Minutes: 11/7/16
