                          TRANSCRIPT
other communities do it successfully, so we know it can be done. As the City
Manager points out, there are other kinds of very closely related bottoms-up
data that we're going to want to be able to get. We are taking a huge flyer
on TDM. We're just assuming we're going to be able to reduce car trips 30
percent, and that's going to sort of—we're using that for all kinds of
decisions. That's going to require us to do a bottoms-up counting of
employee trips. If we can't even count employees, how are we going to
count employee trips? I think it's important that we make this work.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Let's return to the parking lot. We have it there. Can we get it
posted on these two? Can we get the parking lot on all the screens, David?

Council Member Holman: I just wanted to just get one clarifying comment
from City Manager. Airplane noise really is green; it's just taking more than
what's anticipated because the answer isn't at our fingertips, but it's full
steam ahead on trying to address that and working on it.

Mr. Keene: Yeah. I just think that there's still a lot of uncertainty in the
future as to where it's going to go. There's not a straight line from here to
whatever the outcome is. In that sense, that's why we wanted to say it's—I
think the fog of war is a good way to think about that. We're trying to let
you know. We could be in a situation where we would really say we got
stuck somehow down the road here. We need X, Y, Z more.

Council Member Holman: There's no diminution of effort though. We're full
steam ahead. Correct?

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Mr. Keene: Yes. I think there may be things that come up that are not
known to us. We wanted to make it tentative. As far as what our effort is,
no, we're draining our resources to support this.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think I'll just follow-up for Jim on the airplane noise. I
think that yellow is probably appropriate.         It's not clear we'll achieve
anything at the end of the day. I think we're working as hard as we possibly
can, but the FAA report was not positive on the sort of things we wanted to
do. This is a real uphill battle, to make real progress on this. If we put it as
green, it gives the community the sense that this is a done deal and we're
moving forward. Putting it yellow, I think everyone's working as hard as
they possibly can to achieve progress on this issue, but progress is not
certain. That's why it's yellow.


                                                                         Page 81 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
