                          TRANSCRIPT
Rita Vrhel: Thank you. I don't envy you. I've been sitting here tonight
listening to everyone who has their special request. This is such a complex
problem. Good luck. I've here in Palo Alto since 1983. There's been so
many changes, especially in the last 10 years. I think that with the
increased development, we're all now looking at traffic. Certainly those
issues with traffic have not been resolved. The resolution is just getting
started. I would encourage you to take a measured approach to housing
increases.     You can always increase housing once it's built, once it's
approved, once it's planned. You can't take it down. I think with the 2,000
units that Stanford is putting up, that is going to free up some housing.
Also, it's probably going to create some traffic. I live in the Crescent Park
area. There are so many houses in Crescent Park and Community Center
that are not occupied. They're owned as an investment. The shutters are
drawn; the house is empty day after day as I walk my dogs. I'm wondering
if you do increase the housing stock, especially if its affordable, how are you
going to make sure that the person who buys that stock is actually going to
live in it rather than have it as an investment, which is not occupied. Also I
think that—it's awful to say—not everyone is going to be able to live in Palo
Alto. It used to be you moved to Redwood City. You can't afford to live in
Redwood City now. I think that this topic deserves a lot more discussion, a
measured approach. Please don't ruin Palo Alto while you're trying to
accommodate everyone else. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Peter Stone to be followed by Vijay Varma.

Peter Stone: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of the Council. I'm
Peter Stone speaking on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce to go on the
records that the Chamber is very supportive of the initiatives to increase
smart housing inventory in Palo Alto. We are very concerned about housing
more of our workers closer to their jobs. To the extent that we make
housing somewhat more affordable, we think there will be more
opportunities for people to live and work and perhaps not have to use their
cars to get between their housing and their jobs. We are appreciative of
many of the ideas that the Staff has brought forth in their report and that
are coming out of the CAC. Certainly transit-oriented housing, mixed use
development with ground floor retail to encourage walkable neighborhoods
and perhaps encouragement as well of smaller units that presumably will be
more affordable. Just want to conclude by saying we're very appreciative of
the Council's openness to the creative and innovative approaches that are
being supported from many quarters here tonight. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vijay Varma to be followed by Joe Hirsch.



                                                                        Page 71 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
