                         TRANSCRIPT
were completely different in the numbers we actually produced.       How did
you look at that? Did you average it or what did you do?

Ms. Gitelman: The Regional Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA) allocations
we got in those Housing Element cycles were very, very different. What we
did to come up with the average in housing production is it's like a 40-year
average. We went ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: We took the 40-year average.

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah, we went back a long time and calculated how many
units per year over that long timeframe. It worked out to be 145, 149,
something like that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's the answer for that. For the job numbers, just
so I understand this. What we did is we took the ABAG job numbers that
they estimate for this RHNA cycle. Is that the ones we used? Did we use a
40-year average? What did we use for the ABAG numbers?

Ms. Gitelman: The job numbers are from ABAG's Projections 2013. We took
their job number for Scenario One and Scenario Four. Scenario Two and
Three include policies to slow the rate of job growth, so we started to show
lower.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Wait, just so I understand. We took the ABAG numbers
in 2013. ABAG put forward a number that they think will be there in 2030.
Right?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. It's the projections that were included in a
document called Projections 2013. They did it in 2013.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Right, but they're for 2030.

Ms. Gitelman: They're going for 2030, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's what I thought. There was a certain number of
jobs that ABAG projected. We used those numbers for Scenarios One and
what?

Ms. Gitelman: "Four."

Vice Mayor Scharff: "One" and "Four." For "Two" and "Three," we took the
ABAG number and then we applied mitigations to the ABAG number to drive
those numbers down. Is that how we did it?


                                                                      Page 22 of 88
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 2/22/16
