                           TRANSCRIPT
the site. I don't think that was by any means what we were trying to
convey. It's not. We don't see a connection between the proposed housing
development and what's detected. I just want to make that distinction.
We're not saying it's a separate issue from the site. We're saying it is
potentially a site-related issue. I just wanted to make that clarification.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's helpful. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: While you're here, I'd like to ask a follow-up question on the
same subject. We have a boundary that's been established on the periphery
of the contamination on the site. We had an understanding or an assertion
that the clay soils presented horizontal barriers from that area where it's
contaminated to beyond there.         We've recently seen that we have
contamination across the street in College Terrace. Does that imply that the
clay separation may not be continuous at all locations from the boundaries
that we've found of the contamination on the site to beyond those
boundaries?

Mr. Piros: With the investigation that's been done, there has been some
variability found in a soil. I won't say it's clay, but usually you talk about
finer-grain, siltier-clay soils, so that it is predominantly finer-grain soils that
have been found on the site. There has been some variability observed.
The other thing too is with soil gas, anytime you have contamination of soil
gas, the other thing is there is potential for preferential pathways. Whether
you have utilities that have base rock bedding around it, I'm not saying that
that's necessarily the case here. I think what's been found at the site is
where you have relatively—it's still finer-grain soils but maybe a little bit
more permeability that it tends to travel along those channels. As far as just
saying it's all clay and it's just this—that's really simplifying it.

Mayor Burt:    That's actually what I assumed.        From just a general
understanding of the way that we have various versions of, we'll call them,
subterranean streams but not quite streams in this area. I was trying to find
it in our packet, and I regret I couldn't. I'm sure it's in the EIR. The
sampling that was done outside of the boundary area along what I'll call the
southeast edge of California Avenue, the edge that's part of the site, how
extensively did we sample everything in between the areas where
contamination was found onsite and the California Avenue edge of the
project.

Mr. Piros: I may have to defer to someone else on that. I'm not the
technical person on it, so I might have to defer to somebody else on it.

Ms. Gallardo: I'd like to have my colleague also maybe address the question
that you're asking about the relationship between the site and what the
                                                                            Page 41 of 80
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/28/16
