                          TRANSCRIPT
the School District at their permitting program and whether they're issuing
enough permits for on-campus parking, things like that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When we talk about creating a Southgate RPP through
a stakeholder process, I envisioned that part of that would be what you just
talked about with reaching to PAUSD and going through that process. When
you talk about the engineering solutions for safety, that's actually creating
less parking in Southgate. That's what it sounds like. You're pulling parking
away. I wanted to make sure I understood that. With that, I think I'd like
to go ahead and try a Motion. See if I can get this right. First of all, I think
we should move forward for a budget allocation to do RPP in both the
Southgate and Evergreen neighborhoods and budget that money. That
would be the first sentence. Then I think we should create a Southgate RPP
through the stakeholder process with the understanding that we would also
look at and implement engineering, enforcement and TDM options with
PAUSD where appropriate and through the stakeholder process. When it
comes to Evergreen, I think we should implement an Evergreen Park RPP
program through the stakeholder group process including parking
management options and through the stakeholder process determine how
many permits should be sold to retail and personal service businesses in the
area. The only thing I thought I would add to that is determine if the
Crescent Park group—I don't know if we refer to it as a Crescent Park street
or neighborhood streets—would want to be annexed into the Downtown RPP
or not.

Council Member Berman: I second it.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to:

A.    Approve a budget allocation for implementation of Residential
      Preferential Parking Programs (RPP) for the Southgate and Evergreen
      Park Neighborhoods; and

B.    Implement an RPP in the Southgate neighborhood through a
      stakeholder process including looking at engineering, enforcement,
      and Transportation Demand Management (TDM) solutions with Palo
      Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) where appropriate; and

C.    Implement an RPP in Evergreen Park through a stakeholder process
      including parking management options and determining how many
      permits to be sold for retail and personal service workers; and



                                                                        Page 104 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
