                          TRANSCRIPT
clearly identified what is going to be in it for the businesses as well as the
residents to benefit. Businesses have come forward and said—it's true for
the City too—"I can't keep and hire employees because the traffic is so bad.
I can't attract employees to Palo Alto anymore." That is a desperately
negative comment on the vitality—some who don't like that word—of this
community and our ability to continue to improve. I think that's a critical
comment that we really—from our business community—that we really need
to take into consideration. It's clear that we need to do something because
of these kinds of situations, these kinds of comments even from our
business community. Why 50, why 11-50, why 51-100? Whatever we do is
going to be kind of a finger-to the-wind. It could be 35, it could be 65. Who
knows? It's always going to be some kind of a less than litmus test. It's
going to be some kind of a best guess estimate. There's no way to get that
kind of critical estimation of that. I was interested if Staff had any comment
on the comments of Bill Ross, who has left, about what an assessment might
look like rather than a tax. Just a curiosity on that. I also agree with
whoever—it may have been he—that said our TDM programs are—they're
pretty flawed. They aren't very easily enforced. If we wait until 2017, we'll
know what the outcome is of the VTA tax. I think it's important to look at
whatever we do this year, next year, 2018—God forbid 2018 is our delay
tactic. It's always been envisioned as being a companion tax with the VTA
tax, but the VTA tax, while it has some local implications—this is in
companion with that. Some of the monies that we would garner would not
be able to be used in the larger framework of things and to also supplement
things like grade separations. Those are some things we ought to consider.
I'm interested in Staff looking at Tom's example of the San Mateo
transportation tax. The funding campaign, just to put things in perspective
a little bit, for a local measure—the TOT tax didn't have to raise very much
money and didn't raise very much money. I hope going forward we'll have
the support and encouragement of the business community. If I remember
correctly—somebody will correct me, I'm sure of it—I don't think the
business community supported the TOT tax either. That didn't take very
much money to be able to get a very large majority positive vote on that.
My perspective and hope is that we will work in this next year to put on the
ballot in 2017 a measure that will provide transportation tax funding for
specific and identified projects that will improve our quality of life. One thing
I did mean to say, and then I will stop there. If we do nothing and we do
business as usual or if we even look at what the Comp Plan scenarios are
right now, we will be adding millions of square feet of business space. Even
if we are very fortunate, very lucky and very hard working with the help of
the TMA and Staff and our individual businesses such as those in the
Research Park that have their own programs, even if we reduce our single
occupancy vehicle trips by 30 percent, there's still that additional square
footage that's going to provide 70 percent of that 100 percent is going to be
                                                                          Page 83 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
