             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
              TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                            January 25, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 5:04 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman, Kniss, Scharff, Schmid
           arrived at 5:06 P.M., Wolbach arrived at 5:05 P.M.

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

1.   Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District Measure AA Update.

Mayor Burt: Our first item tonight is a Special Orders of the Day, the
Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District Measure AA update. Do we have
our representatives here? Welcome.

Nonette Hanko, Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District Board Member:
Thank you. It's been a while. I'm Nonette Hanko, and I've been the
District's representative for Palo Alto on the Open Space District since its
formation in 1972. I want you to know to begin with that this Council,
different faces then, we’re all very much in support of the District being
formed. We took it to the voters, and it passed overwhelmingly. We started
with the District only in Santa Clara County because San Mateo County had
some problems. The Supervisors who were supposed to permit us to go on
the ballot had too many interests in building in the hills in San Mateo, and
they refused to put us on the ballot. When the Santa Clara Board heard
about that, that made them so angry they said, "We're going to put you on
in Santa Clara County." We knew, because Stan Norton who was your
lawyer for the City in the early years had found the law that pertained to
annexations, that we could be formed as an Open Space District just in the
Santa Clara area that we had chosen and that any petition that came for
annexation would come and have to be approved only by us and not by the
Board of Supervisors. In four years, we got the District that we wanted
which, I guess—it'll be pictured here somewhere. Anyway, it extended from
San Carlos on the north to Los Gatos on the south which is essentially all the
hillsides in both Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties. Thank you very much
for your support over these years. We've done very well with the ten cents



                                                                     Page 1 of 113
