                          TRANSCRIPT
number. That number represents the amount of TCE that could be indoor
air that would really trigger an action. That is to say, we would like to see
something to be done about it. The main reason for that is because of what
was mentioned before. This is not a value based on the potential of getting
cancer, but it is based on the potential of a cardiac defect in a young fetus in
the first trimester of pregnancy. That's one set of screening levels that deals
with indoor air. There's another set of screening levels which was also
presented tonight, that represent the safe level or, we would say, the
acceptable level of soil gas in soil that would not cause an increase in those
levels in indoor air. As you saw the cartoon before that was presented,
there's soil gas down here. Through diffusion and then evection, it can get
into indoor air. We have a separate set of screening levels for soil gas.
Those levels are much higher than those levels that I just stated. That's
because we have to make the assumption about the molecules being able to
get from depth to an area by pressure differential between the indoor air
and the soil can get into the indoors. Those levels are 16 micrograms per
meter3, 480 and the last numbers that were greeted with gasps, 11,000 to
53,000 micrograms. The units are all the same for all three of these. I want
to just say one thing—I don't see a little light here.

Mayor Burt: Dr. Klein, I've excluded your time from Stanford's rebuttal,
given that you are representing the people of California.

Ms. Klein: Thank you. I just want to state somewhat—the difference
between the site-specific number that we consider safe at this site of 11,000
to 53,000 is because these other smaller numbers are based on the
assumption that soil is made up of sands. That is to say, very permeable,
very easily subjected to evictive forces, the forces of pressurization. Also,
you can imagine the molecules more easily kind of diffusing through the
sand than through a very dense clay which is the case at 1601 South
California. That is really the reason for the difference in these values. I'll
give up my time to—I think there's another speaker who wants to speak. I'll
be very happy to answer any questions later.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       We may have some.       Now, we'll continue with
Stanford's time.

Susan Gallardo, Haley & Aldrich, Inc.: Good evening. I'm Susan Gallardo.
I'm with Haley and Aldrich, environmental consultant on behalf of Stanford.
I am a civil engineer. I've been an environmental practitioner for over 30
years. I wanted to just speak a little bit about the sampling program that
occurred at the 1601 California Avenue site. I think there's been some
questions about the adequacy of the investigation. A site investigation is
basically a phased process. We start with a historical review of all the

                                                                          Page 31 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
