                           TRANSCRIPT
Chenghao Pan: Good evening. My name is Chenghao. I bought my house
in 2015. I live 3464 Janice Way. I just want to speak three reason to
oppose SSO. The first reason is when I bought this house, nobody told me
there is a potential restriction. My point is if I know this potential restriction,
I will go away, I won't buy here because it waste this amount of money. I
could buy a house somewhere in Palo Alto. Second point is after I move in,
somebody come in and knock on my door and introduce SSO. They only
talk about advantage of SSO. They never talk about other side of if you
against SSO, what is the advantage and the disadvantage. Third point is I
look at the PowerPoint, so majority of people sign SSO. Their lot size larger
than 7,000 feet. I think that they have a potential to build single level
because of their lot size. For my family, we don't have that larger size lot.
That will limit my home and the value of my home. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Malati Raghunath.

Malati Raghunath:         Thank you, Mayor, Council.     My name is Malati
Raghunath. I live on Kenneth Drive. Many of us here have come before me
and talked about multigenerational family. I'm one of them. I live with my
in-laws. It's been a little bit challenging, because we're on the side of
Kenneth where there's an easement also. There's no way I can build
outside. Also when these proponents of SSO came and told me about how I
should sign, I was almost given to believe that it's something that would go
to the ballot. Also, after a few house calls while I'm serving dinner to my
kids, I felt really guilty, believe me, when some of these people came. One
of the things that the person said to me is, "Don't you want to preserve this
Eichler beauty?" I had the chance and the thought to tell her that my idea
of Eichler beauty is very different than her idea of single-story Eichler
beauty. In my mind, a proper design guideline from the City can enable us
all to preserve that privacy, the light, the sunlight, everything that we've
heard so far, and yet accommodate a six to seven-people multigenerational
family like mine. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Next speaker is Lucille Klesner [phonetic], to be followed by
Barbara Childs.

Barbara Childs: Good evening. My name is Barbara Childs. I live in Royal
Manor in a single Eichler which I adore. I like the privacy and everything.
At first I was going to go ahead with the SSO, but I started thinking about it.
I thought when people—I've owned my house for 25 years. When we
bought our houses, we knew what we were getting into. We knew if we had
CC&Rs that said you cannot go up. We knew we were in a flood zone. Of
course, we didn't know everything. We didn't know what we would be when
we turned 74 and that we weren't going to have parents living with us.

                                                                            Page 86 of 93
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 4/18/16
