                          TRANSCRIPT
The Planning and Transportation Commission after some discussion
recommended that we proceed with a hybrid, shared-use path and
pedestrian path. What they recommended was to construct a shared-use
path where feasible, and then in the segments where a shared-use path was
not feasible to install a pedestrian-only path, which is narrower and can be
fit in some of the segments where a shared-use path cannot be
accommodated. They also recommended that we not pursue the Loma
Verde Avenue Class IV, separated bikeway. They along with the City/School
Traffic Safety Committee and Palo Alto Bicycle Advisory Committee (PABAC)
expressed concerns about the number of driveways and how the two-way
bikeway on one side of the street would interact with motor vehicles and
pedestrians and other roadway users at intersections along Loma Verde.
They were worried about the wrong-way riding in the two-way facility.
We've done a lot of thinking since our presentations to PABAC, the
City/School Traffic Safety Committee as well as the Planning and
Transportation Commission. What we're recommending tonight is a four-
part recommendation.        The first is to adopt the Midtown Connector
Feasibility Study, which is attached to the Staff Report. The second is to
direct Staff to complete plans, specifications and estimates for a shared-use
path along the Matadero Creek Channel and through Seale Park between the
planned Ross Road bicycle boulevard and the U.S. 101 creek undercrossing.
This is only Segments D, E and F, only from Ross Road east to the Baylands.
Part 3 of the Staff recommendation is direct Staff to work with the Santa
Clara Valley Water District to provide seasonal access for bicyclists and
pedestrians through the U.S. 101 creek undercrossing. This would function
similar to our existing Adobe Creek undercrossing. It would only be open
outside of the winter rainy season. It would be able to provide access for
both pedestrians and bicyclists under 101 to the Baylands recreation area.
The fourth part of our recommendation is to direct Staff to complete an
alternatives analysis, a project study report also known as a PSR, and an
environmental        analysis        for       an      Alma     Street/Caltrain
overcrossing/undercrossing at a location somewhere between Colorado
Avenue and Loma Verde Avenue.              This would be an Across Barrier
Connection to connect the Midtown neighborhood to the Park Boulevard Bike
Boulevard, the Margarita/Matadero Avenue and Bol Park Path, creating a
really great east-west connection.          It's worth noting that both the
undercrossing at 101 and the potential overcrossing/undercrossing at Alma
and Caltrain are in the draft list for VTA sales tax funding under the bike/ped
category that was just approved by the Board back on June 2nd. I think if
we were to advance these projects, there's a potential that we could
leverage some of the sales tax funding. They are identified as significant
barriers in the VTA bike plan, both the Caltrain/Alma crossing and the U.S.
101 crossing. Here's a map that shows the three projects that we're
recommending moving forward.             From left to right, you have the
                                                                        Page 20 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
