                          TRANSCRIPT
It seemed that reducing this to one year would allow us to be able to engage
sometime in the course of this year's contract with the Council in a
discussion about where we go. We've talked to our lobbyists, and they're in
support of the change. That would be recommended as the change to the
Consent Calendar when you adopt it. As is typical, you have a couple of
potentially meaty items on your Action Agenda. We also have a report on
Number 14, intergovernmental legislative affairs status update and potential
City responses to the Governor's by-right housing bill and pending bills
addressing housing issues. I did want to just let you know that it doesn't
look like there will be much to discuss on this item. You'll still take it up
when it comes up. Folks who might be interested in it, the Governor's by-
right housing bill is dead for this year, so there wouldn't be much to discuss
there. The other housing bills, which are included in the Staff Report, are
already on the floor of the Legislature, eligible to be taken up at any point in
time. In talking with our Sacramento lobbyist, he expects them to be acted
upon before August 31st, which is really next week. I just do point that out.
We're not pulling it off the Agenda, but anticipating the fact that you would
have a short, if any, discussion. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Item Number 13 is being rescheduled.

Mr. Keene: Yes.

Mayor Burt: That is for next week, August 29th. We can move on to City
Manager Comments.

City Manager Comments

James Keene, City Manager:         Thank you, Mr. Mayor, members of the
Council. If you happen to look behind you, I think the backdrop for the
Council Chambers looks much improved and certainly for TV. I was thinking
that maybe we should put an extra edition there, maybe a slogan
underneath that says rigorous but mellow. I don't know what you think, but
I thought that might be transferrable. A little update on Southgate and
Evergreen Park Residential Preferential Parking Permits (RPPs). Our Staff is
hard working toward the Evergreen Park and Southgate Residential Permit
Parking efforts as directed by the Council. Community workshops were held
in July and focus group meetings have been scheduled in Evergreen Park
and will soon follow in Southgate. As discussed at the May 9th Council
meeting, we have been exploring opportunities with Palo Alto High School
about their permit process and engineering solutions such as signing and
striping in the Southgate neighborhood that don't exist in Evergreen Park.
At the Southgate community workshop in late July, several interim parking
options were presented for resident feedback; one of which involved a one

                                                                          Page 5 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
