                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Rob Levitsky, to be ...

Nelson Ng: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Mr. Ng: I go (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Nelson Ng?

Mr. Ng: Yes.

Mayor Burt: To be followed by Rob Levitsky.

Mr. Ng: Honorable Mayor, Vice Mayor and City Council and City official.
Today I'm going to be sharing with you a video of the first day of traffic.
This is the same video I have shared with Ms. Amy French, Ms. Hillary
Gitelman and also City Manager Mr. Jim Keene. Please show the video. This
is line of double cars traffic on Emerson Street trying to get into the parking
lot. As you can see, these are all lines of cars over there on Emerson Street.
This is on Kellogg. This is almost a near miss right here, because some
driver is trying to pass the line on Kellogg Street. This wrap all the way
around to Bryant. As the saying go, a picture worth a thousand words. I
hope this video has conveyed more than a million words to everybody.
Although we inject a little bit humor in there to make it easier to watch, but
then please believe me this is a serious issue here. Our life is still going on.
I understand the project has been on hold as the application, but the impact
is still true every day to our life. I hope the Council will act on it. As Jackie
requested earlier, we should start enforcing the year 2000 Conditional Use
Permit with the 415 enrollment. Then we can start discussing all the rest of
the applications that is still being on hold at this point.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. No offense intended, but the video is more
entertaining than many speakers. Our next speaker is Rob Levitsky, to be
followed by Sea Reddy.

Rob Levitsky: This is Rob Levitsky, 1215 Emerson Street. This is the part of
Emerson that is proposed to be destroyed by Castilleja. Let me just bring
this to the previous discussion, where Greg was talking about how does this
change the neighborhood, how does it change our community.              What
happens is that pretty picture there becomes the entrance of a parking
garage. This is what John Arrillaga did at Stanford Wilbur Field. This is the
model for what Castilleja wants to do. Goodbye 120-foot redwood trees,
liquidambars and coastal oaks. Liz, you mentioned housing. There's two
houses right there. They're beautiful, R-1 zoned houses. Castilleja plans to
                                                                         Page 51 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
