                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Just to be clear, what we're really talking about when it
comes to jobs and housing here is what we think here in Palo Alto would be
a reasonable projection of growth to the year 2030, knowing what we know
about the policy framework we're likely to enact in the Comp Plan and the
zoning changes we're likely to enact to implement that policy framework.
You can't get more local than that. We're really trying to start to drive this
planning process towards what we think Palo Alto wants to see in terms of
its policy framework for 2030.

Council Member DuBois: The population numbers, those are based on Palo
Alto specifically or are those ABAG population forecasts?

Ms. Gitelman: All of the options we've provided for Scenario 5, those
population numbers are based on a projection of housing growth that varies
from ABAG. It's really based on a modification of our local track record in
producing housing numbers.

Council Member DuBois: That's really helpful. I think that's my questions
for now. Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, if I might just jump in. I don't want to go off on a
tangent, but we probably can talk about this at the Committee of the Whole,
but I doubt that we'll be on target to be back in the middle June with that
detailed discussion on the Comp Plan, S/CAP interface. That being said, I
would say we're very clear at the Staff level that the Comp Plan discussion is
leading the S/CAP in this regard, not the other way around. The sooner, of
course, you all set some of these parameters on the fifth scenario, that will
also help focus discussion on both sustainability or the other performance
measures. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I'm confused about a few things. I'm
hoping you can change it. Cory touched on the first of them, which is Slide
14 does not match at all Page 8 or Packet Page 428 of what the Motion is. I
guess my first question would be should I just ignore that slide or is that
slide—what's the basis for that? I don't recall anything about replacing
Scenario 4.

Ms. Gitelman: I apologize, Vice Mayor Scharff. Elena has just confirmed
that I did get that wrong. I pulled it from the wrong part of the Council's
discussion. We did get direction to develop a fifth scenario which shifts
jobs/housing balance by limiting office expansion.     We didn't get the
direction about eliminating Scenario 4. You can ignore that slide. I pulled
the motion wrong.
                                                                       Page 61 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
