                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I'd second that. That was almost exactly what I
was going to propose.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll propose that, if you want to second it.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member DuBois
to authorize the Mayor to sign a letter regarding the Governor’s By Right
Housing Proposal including the first five paragraphs of proposed language in
the Staff Report and the text of the language included in the At Place
Memorandum beginning with “Amendments, published as recently…” and;

Direct Staff to include the following concepts in the letter:

A.    The City is opposed to this bill being part of the budget process as
      opposed to the regular legislative process; and

B.    The City intends to work with the League of California Cities
      concerning this bill; and

C.    The proposed amendments would be at a minimum of modifications to
      the bill.

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak to it further?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll just say that I think it's important to send the
message that we oppose this, but if it's going to move forward, here are the
amendments that would make it better, and that we also want to work with
the League. I think that's an important concept in there. Also the concept
that the budget process is the wrong vehicle for this. Those were the major
points.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: If I could just clarify kind of what I was thinking. I
think it aligns with what you proposed. We'd include the first six paragraphs
from the original letter with your changes to Paragraph 1. In the seventh
paragraph ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have the first five paragraphs, not the first six.

Council Member DuBois: I was including the dangers of this example which,
I thought, was useful, which I believe is the Page Mill project. I was
including that sixth paragraph, which speaks about a recent example here in
Palo Alto. I got kind of iffy on that one. It makes it longer, but it also gives
an example. The next paragraph, there are amendments published as

                                                                               Page 44 of 128
                                                                         City Council Meeting
                                                                Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
