                          TRANSCRIPT
before, that more needs to be done to modernize and adapt our TDM
programs in the Research Park. Now I'd like to describe a little bit, after the
market research effort we did, the due diligence around transportation that
we did as well. We set out to evaluate what transportation challenges we
face. Quite frankly, we learned that most of our challenges are unique to
the Stanford Research Park and to our suburban geography. We all have
observed that Page Mill Road is very congested during the A.M. and P.M.
peak hours. It was interesting to learn from the County of Santa Clara Page
Mill Corridor Study that the problem is not entirely attributable to the
Stanford Research Park employees, but that makes solving the congestion
on Page Mill Road that much more challenging for us. Just to remind you,
the County of Santa Clara Page Mill Corridor Study shows that about 35
percent of A.M. peak traffic arriving from Highway 280, traveling on Page
Mill, is attributable to the Research Park. That was 35 percent in the A.M.,
and about 40 percent in the P.M. is attributable to the Research Park
traveling on Page Mill Road towards 280.           Like I said, it's a major
thoroughfare, Page Mill Road. It's a tough nut for us to crack. Our due
diligence effort helped us also appreciate just how challenging it is for
Research Park employees that the California Avenue Caltrain station is
underserved. This is very difficult to read, so I will point out a few things
here. The University Avenue Palo Alto station offers trains every 10-15
minutes between 7:00 A.M. and 10:00 A.M. During the same period, the
California Avenue station offers trains only every 40-60 minutes. Our
research also educated us about the walking distance that would be
reasonable to expect of an employee. We learned that it was challenging for
Research Park employees that they don't have the advantage of a
convenient pedestrian well-served transit hub at California Avenue. Here in
this light blue line you can see the distance that someone will walk for 15
minutes after departing the California Avenue train or buses that come to
the area. You can see that a portion of the Research Park falls within that
light blue area, but not much at all. Finally, Stanford Research Park is much
less accessible by public transit than the Downtown Palo Alto station. These
maps are a little challenging. I will go into greater detail here. The maps
show how far someone can travel in 40 minutes on public transit. On the
left, you can see that it's possible to leave Downtown Palo Alto and reach
locations as far away as 20 miles using public transit. That can get
somebody in 40 minutes as far north as San Bruno and as far south as
downtown San Jose. By contrast, the image on the right shows that it's
possible to leave the heart of Stanford Research Park at Hanover and Page
Mill and reach locations as far as 6 miles away in 40 minutes using public
transit. Because the Research Park is not a transit hub that has convenient
pedestrian access to work sites, public transit actually serves us less
efficiently, but we are not daunted. Now, I'd like to bring you up to speed
about what we have accomplished over the last six months with our
                                                                           Page 8 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
