                         TRANSCRIPT
would suppose what's on the table for our consideration is not just
eliminating the 50-foot setback, but saying maybe it could be relaxed to a
40-foot setback—I'm just making up a number here—or maybe it's a 20-foot
setback at some points but no more than 25 percent of the Hansen frontage.
I'm just putting these things out there for consideration. I'm not suggesting
these. The other thing is the presentation talked about the hotel being 70
years old, and it's an outdated structure and being replaced with a green
building. I really am—I could use stronger words here—pretty tired of us
just redeveloping everything as opposed to adaptive reuse. It's not green to
just tear down everything and build new. It doesn't consider what the
material, manufacture, transport and energy that it takes to build new
buildings. It's not very creative in my way of thinking. The other thing that
I wanted to just put out there is—this goes back to the findings and being
able to make the findings—the property is, depending on site square footage
you use and with the current development, currently at approximately a
0.63 FAR. It's hard to understand how a hardship is being imposed on an
applicant when 0.63 FAR is already greater than the 0.4 FAR of
nonresidential use that would be allowed on the parcel otherwise. I'm not
sure how we'd be imposing a hardship if we retained the variance or didn't
grant a variance.     The other comment, I guess I would say, is just
comments from the public that we hear a lot, that new development is just
unsympathetic to adjacent developments. That's something we also hear
back from the community a lot. While the applicant doesn't want to talk
about FAR, I think any potential accommodation of a variance or some
aspect of a variance needs to keep—the developer would need to keep in
mind that sympathetic relationship that should be brought forward in
relation to the other developments. I went out there today just to remind
myself of what's adjacent. The adjacent developments are one and two-
story.    Except for the property that is immediately behind, which I
understand from either Staff or the applicant is a 36-foot setback.
Everything else has really large setbacks. It is in the 50-foot setback, this
parcel was. I can't imagine that it was an accident that the City Council,
when this 50-foot setback was applied, made not a conscious decision to
continue this as part of a thoroughfare or a boulevard to have also that 50-
foot setback. The development was already there, so it seems like if there
wasn't an intention to have a landscape buffer of this 50-foot setback, at the
time they would have taken this parcel out of that consideration. I put those
comments forth. I'll stop there.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I guess the first is that it doesn't seem to
make sense to have this 50-foot setback. I guess I'm still waiting for why
shouldn't—that’s one of the options you give us. From a policy perspective,
                                                                       Page 30 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
