                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I thought so. That's a Motion by Council Member Berman,
seconded by Council Member Kniss. Did you want to speak further to your
Motion?

Council Member Berman: No.

Council Member Kniss: Nope.

Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously. Thank
you all very much.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

At this time Council heard Agenda Item Number 17.

17.   Review of the Draft Transportation Element Prepared by                     the
      Comprehensive Plan Update Community Advisory Committee.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Council review of the draft Transportation
Element of the Comprehensive Plan as it’s been forwarded by the Citizen
Advisory Committee. We're to provide comments for incorporation in the
draft Plan. Let me just say that before we ran out of time, we had
discussion in the Staff meeting on how we might proceed on this. Now,
most of these comments are relevant to the follow-on meeting that we'll
have. Just to let people be thinking about this, we thought we'd be
receiving from Council Members a whole variety of comments. What the
City Clerk was going to try and do was capture those, and then organize
them into a set of—if some could be lumped together—items that we'd have
straw polling on. The reason it would be straw polling is that we wouldn’t be
making final decisions. It would be giving guidance to Staff on what to come
back to us with. Tentatively later this fall, we would have a follow-up
meeting on this element. It wouldn't go back to the Citizens Advisory
Committee (CAC). The CAC, who's been working horrendously hard and
done a great job, doesn't get this thrown back in their lap again. If we
didn't have it return to the Council in the fall, it would be essentially a year
before the Council would see it in kind of a final version. The notion also
was that if we had certain items that we had a split Council, we would ask
Staff to come back with alternative language reflecting both of those
positions, and then we could actually take votes on it in the following
meeting. That was the sense. Now tonight given the late hour, what we'd
like to do is let Staff give a report, and then hear from CAC members and
members of the public who are here, and then continue the item, if that
sounds good. Welcome, Director Gitelman.


                                                                          Page 80 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
