                          TRANSCRIPT
things. We just assume it's going to happen, and then we don't fund it and
it doesn't happen. Now we come back to T47, the old one, which the
original language was protect residential areas from the parking impacts of
nearby business districts. That's an outstandingly worded policy. It's clear;
it's unequivocal; it shows a real priority if there's a clash.

Mayor Burt: You said T ...

Council Member Filseth: The old one was T47. The new one is T510, I
think. It's sort of a combination of T510, and then there was another one
that Director Gitelman found. The new language talks about ...

Mayor Burt: What Page is T5 ...

Council Member Filseth: 432. The one says in residential neighborhoods
work with neighborhood associations to prioritize residential street parking
and minimize spillover parking from commercial centers and employment
districts. There's a program that's coordinate with these groups. There's
another one that Director Gitelman mentioned, that had to do with—I don't
know. It was outreach or something like that. I think the new language—I
agree with Council Member Holman—is squishier. If we're not going to
protect residential neighborhoods from the parking impacts, then why would
we not do that? It like as a resident—at the end of the day, all of us in this
room work for residents. As a resident, you want assurance that your
neighborhood is going to be protected from the parking impacts of nearby
business districts. The new language sounds like an assurance that you get
to go to a meeting somewhere. It talks about associations, priorities and
some of this is about stakeholders and stuff like that. I really think that the
original language should go back in. It's very, very clear, and it tells you
exactly where you stand. Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'd like to say I also read
through this, and I thought it was really a great job. I think there's some
nitpicky concerns I may have. On the whole, if we adopted it pretty much
the way it was today, I probably wouldn't lose any sleep over it frankly.
Maybe we could just do that and be done with it. Let's just adopt it the way
it is and save a lot of hours.

Mr. Keene: No, let's lose sleep.

Vice Mayor Scharff: All right, let's lose sleep.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)
                                                                       Page 110 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
