                           TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Giannini: We don't have our landscape architect here, but I can talk
about the subject. The project does use sustainable landscape. We've
worked closely with Dave Dockter, who's the urban forestry consultant here
at the City. He used this project and an adjacent project we did at 1400
Page Mill as examples, where he's shown other people in the City to come
through. I don't have the specific, but I know that from the City's point of
view, they consider the selection of plant material and low-water use of the
plant material exemplary.

Mayor Burt: That's the distinction. There's low-water landscaping that is
not at all indigenous vegetation and doesn’t really contribute substantially to
habitat. That's the distinction. We can have zero scape landscaping that is
not beneficial as habitat or we could have zero scape landscaping or
sustainable landscaping that is. It doesn't sound like anyone here has the
answer to those questions. Let me ask this. If we had as a condition of
approval that it not only be sustainable in the sense of low water use, but
that it have a predominant element of being sustainable in terms of natural
habitat using indigenous, low-water-use plants predominantly, would that be
a problem to add that as a condition? It's not the specific plant list we have.
Is that something that would be within our discretion tonight?

Ms. Gitelman: It certainly sounds fine to us. I suggest we ask the applicant
whether they'd agree to that condition, and we can find a place to put it in
these conditions.

Mayor Burt: Thanks. Council Member Kniss. No?

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) me already.

Mayor Burt: These have been helpful questions. We are now at 11:15. We
need to move on to comments and motions. If we have a whole bunch of
comments and no motions, we might be here a very long time. I want to
encourage everybody to focus on an outcome. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I had a general problem with this. There's
volumes of data, many of which came in late. I had trouble trying to reach
the point of saying I can make an informed decision. I think that's where I
am. Let me outline my thought process in going through and where I ran
into troubles finding information. I ended up looking at just one issue, the
issue of traffic. The reason I started with traffic is because our Citizen
Survey has clearly identified that as one of the troubling issues for the
citizens of Palo Alto. It is essential to Palo Alto's role in Silicon Valley, a role
that is based upon mobility of jobs and people. It benefits both Palo Alto
and Stanford equally. Further, the issue was brought up a number of times
that there's a million square feet to be developed in the Research Park. The
                                                                             Page 73 of 94
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 1/11/16
