                           TRANSCRIPT
end of market rate. This doesn't mean if we add a few more reasonably
priced apartments in Palo Alto that suddenly things are going to be down to
$1,500 a pop. This isn't a silver bullet. This is just a question of doing our
fair share to make a dent. Personally, I'm not excited about changes to the
height limit. I never have been. Regardless of the history of how it was put
into place, it's served us pretty well. There are times when I've heard
people more recently than in the past saying we should be more flexible
about it. This is one area where I'm not—as I've always said, I'm not going
to be a leader on this one. I'm going to listen to the community on this one.
A couple of years ago, when I first ran for office, I didn't hear almost
anybody saying we should change the height limit. Now I'm hearing some
people say it. I haven't heard overwhelming support for changing the height
limit. Maybe the idea that Council Member DuBois floated of having that be
something that we put to the community to consider might be the right way
to go. Maybe put it on the ballot when we put our transportation tax
measure on the ballot in a couple of years and see what the community
says. I'm not ready to say that we should throw out something that the
community is comfortable with for the most part and that the community
expects.      As far as the Downtown zoning and permitted uses, etc.,
regardless of what the history was, as the Mayor mentioned earlier, for the
last couple of decades at least, there has been a lot of software development
in Downtown Palo Alto, and we've come to expect that. The startup culture
in Downtown Palo Alto is very important. I'm not sure that restricting big
companies, larger software companies from gobbling up a lot of space in
Downtown Palo Alto is the right approach to restore our startup culture, but
I'm not sure it's wrong. What I definitely don't want to do is say we want to
ban software coding in Downtown Palo Alto. If there are ways that we can
restore some of the small, innovative startup culture in Downtown Palo Alto,
I think it's worth exploring, even the policies that we might initially bristle at.
I'm willing to consider them. I will leave my comments at that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Let me start off by thanking the CAC, at least the
couple of members that have lasted this long. We have a very well balanced
CAC. That in itself was a saga. I think they've done a good job of creating a
draft of a well-balanced land use section. Change is hard, and it's always
hard to let go of the past and embrace revisions and changes and updates.
It's important that we do that and trust the CAC and the work that they've
done and the deliberations they've had, that have been much more thorough
frankly than the ones that we have up when we kind of talk past each other.
I'm assuming that you guys have had a more collaborative process. It
shows in the work that you've produced. I'm not inclined to wordsmith what
you guys have proposed tonight. I will say that when it comes—I think the
                                                                          Page 102 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 11/28/16
