                         TRANSCRIPT
to call out my former colleague who has been like a dog with a bone for a
couple of years. Joe, maybe you should take a special bow, if you don't
mind tonight. I've worked with Joe for—I hesitate, yes—a number of years.
I think that this has taken the kind of perseverance that probably has had
his staff working day and night. I know that other people on the staff at
County have to said me, "Are you aware of what Joe Simitian is doing?" I've
said, "Probably not as aware as you are." The results that we see tonight
indicate hours and hours of determination and dedication. Joe, I know this
does embarrass you, believe it or not. I understand that. I think we're
unusually fortunate tonight to have this kind of process and this kind of
outcome take place in our community. Thank you all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: We're going to be taking an important action
tonight. I want to encourage a bit of sober reality as we move forward. Let
us not assume, despite the joy I'm reading from the audience and many on
the dais tonight, let us not assume that the future of Buena Vista nor the
futures of the Buena Vista families are fully resolved. We're not completely
out of the woods yet. Keep our hopes up and keep working, but we're not
done. Further, let us not fool ourselves and let us not deceive each other by
presuming anything done at Buena Vista will be anything close to a
systematic, structural solution to the problems of affordable housing,
displacement, overcrowding and homelessness in Palo Alto or in our area.
Many Palo Alto residents outside of Buena Vista have already been priced
out of our community, some to neighboring cities and some much further
away. Many others from our community are on the verge of being priced
out still. The housing crisis, which is destroying our community and our
region and harming our national economy, is bigger than this. We cannot
take this action and consider our work complete. This is but a small step
towards addressing one of our most existential crises. If we stop here, we
will indeed have endeavored to help an important part of our community. If
we stop here, we will have failed to address the deeper issues of inadequate
and overpriced housing in Palo Alto and the region. As with Buena Vista and
so with the rest of the City, let us remember what makes a community.
People are primary. Buildings are secondary. We know improvements are
needed at Buena Vista. The buildings, which provide homes for so many
important members of our community at Buena Vista, may change. The
primary objective is keeping the people here and keeping our community
together.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Berman.



                                                                       Page 39 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
