                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I live in Royal Manor as well and will recuse myself
from discussions.

Council Members Schmid and Wolbach left the meeting at 6:54 P.M.

Council Mayor Burt: We had members of the public who filled out speaker
cards from last week. We stated that those members could elect to speak
tonight instead. I think the Clerk is still compiling those cards. What I'll be
doing on those cards is reading them off. If those people are here and wish
to speak, then they can speak at that time. Members of the public who did
not speak last week are also welcome to fill out a speaker card. One of the
things, though, is we had a very large number of speaker cards last week.
Ended up having three minutes to speak each except for those who clustered
their cards. We had two minutes to speak each last week, sorry. I stand
corrected. Tonight we will again have two minutes for each speaker. Are
some of the cards ready to come forward? Mr. Lait, I take it we don't have
any follow-up Staff reporting from last week.

Jonathan Lait, Planning and Community Environment Assistant Director: No,
Mayor, we don't.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have a lot of speaker cards tonight. I
encourage people to, if someone else speaks and has captured well what
you had to say, briefly support that speaker. How many total cards to we
have? Thirty-two. Perhaps some of these people are not back here again,
but we may have some other cards filled out. The ability to move forward
on the item will be dependent on our time constraints. Everyone certainly is
welcome to speak. We'll all try to be as succinct as we can. Our first card is
from Humayan Sayed [phonetic]. Is Humayan here? Our next—there we
are. Our next speaker is Amitab Sinha [phonetic]. Not present. Our next
speaker is Sunal Meda [phonetic]. I'm moving along. Our next speaker is
Bina Shah [phonetic].

Public Hearing continued from April 18, 2016.

Female:     All the people you mentioned are (inaudible), and they all
(inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'm sorry but we have to follow our rules. Only
people who have a card from the public can speak. Our next is Abita Sayed
[phonetic]. I'm sorry, we went all the way through Bina Shah. Our next
speaker is Lucille Klessner [phonetic]. Our next speaker is Siamack Sanale.
There we are. Welcome.


                                                                        Page 35 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
