                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: No, I don't, but I think this is a very important topic.
I'm delighted we've brought it up tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, no. Please vote on the board. That
passes on a 7-0 vote with Council Member Berman absent and Council
Member DuBois not in the room.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 DuBois not participating, Berman absent

18.   Midtown Connector Feasibility Study and Direction Regarding Potential
      Bicycle and/or Pedestrian Paths Along Matadero Creek or Parallel
      Routes.

Mayor Burt: Now, we get to move on to Item Number 18, which is the
Midtown Connector Feasibility Study and direction regarding potential bicycle
and/or pedestrian paths along Matadero Creek or parallel routes. Welcome
to our Staff, Mr. Mello and anyone else.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: Greeting, Mayor, Members of
Council. I'm Josh Mello, the City's Chief Transportation Official. This
evening I'm joined by our new Senior Transportation Planner, Chris Corrao.
Chris has been with us about five weeks now; he joins us most recently from
the City of West Hollywood. He's jumped right into both the Midtown
Connector as well as bike share and implementation of our bike boulevard
program. I want to welcome Chris. He's joined by Jeff Knowles, who is our
consultant with Alta Planning and Design. Jeff is going to walk us through a
very brief presentation, and then we're going to present our Staff
recommendation on how to move forward, given all that we've learned
through this feasibility analysis process.

Jeff Knowles, Alta Planning and Design: Mayor, Members of Council, thank
you very much for allowing us to present these findings. Also, happy first
day of summer, as I might mention as well. Again, my name is Jeff
Knowles; I'm with Alta Planning and Design, a consultant hired by the City to
examine the feasibility of a trail between Alma Street and West Bayshore.
This process has been going on since 2014. Staff brought to this body
recommendations back in November of 2015. Direction was given back to
Staff and to consultants to do a couple of things. One was to look at a
hybrid alternative that would utilize portions of the Matadero Creek Corridor
that are usable, and identify the most practical alternative on a collector
street between Alma and West Bayshore. Between that time, we looked at
options for creating a shared-use path, which would be a path that allows
                                                                       Page 16 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
