                         TRANSCRIPT
interests." What are those "other community interests" aside from finances
that affordable housing onsite is in conflict with?

Mayor Burt: Are you referring to the applicant's letter or a Staff Report?

Council Member Wolbach: The applicant's letter.

Mayor Burt: You're asking the Staff to explain the applicant's position.

Council Member Wolbach:        I'm sorry.    Do we have nobody from the
applicant here?

Mayor Burt: At this time, right now, we're asking questions of Staff only.

Council Member Wolbach: Did Staff have any understanding of what those
"other community interests" were, separately from financial feasibility?

Mr. Lait: I certainly welcome the applicant to expand on it further. I think
what it is in part at least has to do with the history of the site. Council
Members and members of the community certainly know more about it than
I do. There is a long history with development at this site. I think there has
been an effort by the applicant team to reach common ground with residents
in the area. I think that the subdivision that's being presented reflects a
standard at which the applicant feels, at this point, to also provide housing
as BMR housing probably gets too close to making it infeasible, at least in
their perspective. Again, we don't have the pro forma. We have this
analysis here.

Council Member Wolbach: Again, since this is in addition to finances, this is
completely separate from finances. It's an "and," not a "because." Is that a
suggestion that the community is opposed to any BMR units in the
neighborhood? I don't think that's what I've heard from people in the
community.

Mr. Lait: No. I don't think that's what the suggestion is. I do think that
there is—it may be. Again, this is a question you need to ask the applicant.
If the applicant feels like, at 16 units, providing two in-lieu housing units
means that maybe they need to reconsider that subdivision and provide a
greater density project in order to achieve the kind of results that they're
expecting to achieve, that could have an impact in terms of community
support for the project, which has expressed previously a desire for fewer

                                                                       Page 76 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
