                          TRANSCRIPT
because there wouldn't be a lot of cars. Without traffic issues and without
parking issues, I think this is a great project. The other thing I think it does
is it could improve traffic congestion because it's doing the right-hand turn
right there on Page Mill. I think that's a real net positive. I'm really only
also interested in this project if we do an Option 1, which is the pilot project
in the PF zone. I don't want to go out and rezone a bunch of areas of Palo
Alto. I'd be interested in doing this project as a pilot, seeing how we could
control this. I was also really heartened when the developer said he was
interested in having real teeth in a TDM program.             That also meant
something to me, if he's willing to accept fines and that kind of stuff. That
means he really believes in it. If he really believes in it, then I'm willing to
take a flyer on it. I also thought the concept of a rooftop park could be
really nice, if you want to have gardens or parks or whatever. I understand
it's a cost issue, but I think it goes to some of the open space issue. The
other thing I wanted to bring up is I also did appreciate the developer
focusing on the ground-floor retail issue and having a bike shop there. I
thought that also goes with the TDM project nicely, focusing on bikes. I
actually thought that was really thoughtful, and I appreciated that. I did
have some concerns about the El Camino Real Guidelines. Staff highlighted
that the project doesn't meet it. We have a big garage up there on El
Camino. I'm not sure what the solution to that is, but that obviously is an
issue, having a big garage that faces it without—on a prominent corner like
that, what we were thinking about the El Camino Real Guidelines. I did
think a little bit that tonight we're talking about other guidelines and how
seriously do we take these guidelines and how important are they. That's
just something, I think, I'd put out there that we should think about.
Overall, I would like to see this project move forward. I would be very
interested to see how the developer goes ahead and solves the parking and
traffic issues we've discussed.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Again, thanks to the developer. You listened clearly,
came back. I know that the CAC has discussed this extensively as well. Just
a couple of reflections. We've had some long conversations about this
tonight. I'm going to make this a little shorter. One of the things we did in
the spring—looking at the Mayor, he wanted to find out whether or not a
transportation tax would fly in this community. In April, we did a pretty
extensive survey of the community about a variety of things. Their first
concern literally was the cost of housing. Three out of four people who
answered that poll said the cost of housing was an issue in this community,
including cost and of course availability. It's the lack of availability that's an
issue. Two or three other things. Tom DuBois and I were talking about cars
the other day. Tom convinced me that cars are on their way out, that we
                                                                          Page 39 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/12/16
