                          TRANSCRIPT
spaces for the particular projects. They could go higher, but that would also
require more parking. It would also require a greater contribution to the
Below Market Rate (BMR) program that we have. These are all different
levers that go into deciding whether or not to provide housing and how
much housing.      I'll also note that housing is not a requirement for
development of this site at all. Mixed use is an option. Applicant could
decide just to do a commercial building if they wanted to. I think the
Planning and Transportation Commission was—the conversation started in
part because this is identified on our Housing Element as a housing
inventory site with a feasibility yield of 18 units. That feasibility also
considered development of the CC(2) parcel, which this applicant is
proposing not to develop. That is a transition and the surface parking lot to
the adjacent properties further northeast of the project site. It's probably in
part a question to the applicant about the reasons why they settled on 13
units. The Planning Commission is hearing the Council's conversation and
the community dialog and is trying to find ways to increase housing
opportunities where that is feasible. In the course of their conversation,
they just thought it would be nice if there could be some more units here.

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to check, before I go on to my other
questions, with the Mayor that if I wanted to hear from the applicant about
this question, should we wait until after public comment. We'll hold off on
that for now, but I would be interested in hearing more about that both from
the public and from the applicant. ARB Member Lew was not supportive of
the project, as I understood, and was particularly critical of the El Camino-
facing side. Has there been any additional changes, modifications submitted
to the City since it went to the ARB to improve the facing, the scaling and
mass on El Camino Real?

Mr. Lait: To the latter part of your question, no, there's not been any
refinements since the ARB's recommendation for approval.

Council Member Wolbach: Council Member DuBois already asked one thing I
was going to ask about, which was how enforceable TDM would work onsite.
Conceivably, could there be more retail and less office on the site, especially
on the ground floor?

Mr. Lait: Absolutely, yeah.

Council Member Wolbach: What would that mean for parking requirements?

Mr. Lait: This is touched on in the Staff Report, but it gets a little nuanced.
The parking for office is a lower parking standard than is for retail. When
you do a one-for-one replacement office to retail, you increase your parking
demand. There have been other projects that the Council has approved in
                                                                        Page 24 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
