                          TRANSCRIPT
years old, I can't imagine what she'll be like when she's 19. I don't think I
need to say a whole lot more with this. This is a concept plan. I think we've
given you lots of information, instruction and so forth tonight as we go
forward. There clearly are some concerns about the roundabouts, about the
other kinds of traffic calming devices. I think you've heard that. Also, I
understand that PABAC is very involved with this at the same time. If this
isn't an idea whose time has come, I don't know what would be that idea. I
urge us to move forward.

Council Member Holman: Mr. Mayor, point of order. I thought we were
going to divide this and vote on just Bryant and then talk about the rest of it
so Tom could come back and participate. As we just had the presentation
on Bryant alone.

Mayor Burt: Josh.

Mr. Mello: We can sever the concept plans, but the contract includes all four
of the corridors, so we cannot sever the contract. The second item that's on
the screen is the approval of the contract. The first item is just Bryant
Street. The other three corridors will be considered in the next section.

Council Member Kniss: He said we need to separate out Number A from B in
order to allow—the other way around?

Vice Mayor Scharff:    He said it's fine the way it is, because you have to
move the contract.

Ms. Stump: Mr. Mayor, it sounds like this is the way that it can be broken
up. It does need to be handled this way. Even though it's overbroad from
the conflicts perspective, it's the way the work is organized. Council should
take it up in this manner.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I want to thank Staff for all the hard work on this. I
know you did a lot of outreach. I know that you responded to a lot of
neighborhood concerns, especially on the green sharrows, on other areas. I
can tell when we talked about this that you thought carefully about each
intersection. You removed parking judiciously. While I want to say my
heart is with Stefan Heck in terms of remove the parking all along one side
and have a dedicated path, I don't think the community is ready to do that
in terms of losing that much parking. I do think you've been very thoughtful
about this. I think it's a great program. I'm really glad we're moving
forward on our bike boulevards. It's been a long time since we did this kind
of intensive "let's get the bike boulevards done." Thanks for all your work.
                                                                        Page 49 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
