                          TRANSCRIPT
born and raised here. I went to Ohlone, Jordan, Palo Alto High School
(Paly). My folks still live here. I know the area well. I would love an
opportunity for my company to be considered. I say this with a little tongue
in cheek; as compared to two companies that are located on the East Coast.
I'm here today to let you know that. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. I'll just ask Josh. Are you also considering electric
bike share programs?

Mr. Mello: Yes. I've been working with Mr. Roche to try to implement kind
of a pilot between the Cal. Ave. Caltrain station and the Research Park. It
sounds like he's having a great deal of success. There are a couple of bike
share systems in the U.S. that are using electric bikes. I think that's kind of
the next phase of bike sharing.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes this item. Thank you, Mr. Mello.
That's been an interesting discussion.

Special Orders of the Day

2.    Building Safety Month Proclamation.

Mayor Burt: Our next item is a Special Order of the Day, which is the
Building Safety Month Proclamation. Council Member Berman is going to
read the Proclamation.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Mayor Burt. This is a Proclamation on
Building Safety Month. Council Member Berman read the Proclamation into
the record.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Pirnejad, you have some comments.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director: Thank you very much. That
was a mouth full. Thank you, Council Member. Mayor Burt, it's a pleasure
and delight to be here today. I'm representing the Development Services
Department and the many individuals doing their long days in the office and
in the field trying to ensure that the buildings we live, work, worship, shop
and play in are safe for everybody that inhabits them. We are bringing
before you a Proclamation for Building Safety Month in May. I wanted to
just focus on a few highlights, if I may. This flyer, which I'll pass out to you,
has a few dates that I just wanted to highlight. The first was May 11th,
which I'll get into briefly. It's a demo of a new app that we just launched.
This was a press release. Hopefully you picked up on it as Palo Alto
inspection request app. Contractors have the ease and convenience of
scheduling their inspections with their smart phones, Google or iPhone.
                                                                          Page 23 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
