                          TRANSCRIPT
very well prepared and you're prepared to answer questions and very
familiar with the subject matter. I wanted to thank you for that.

Mr. Abendschein: Thank you.

Council Member Holman: Noting, you could say I guess, Footnote 5. You
clearly know the material. Thank you. Actually on Slide 12, it talks about
recommended actions. The last point there says it would temporarily divert
Staff from other priorities while the program is being set up. For instance,
what other programs?

Mr. Abendschein: There are a whole variety of maintenance tasks that we're
working on right now. It would depend on which Staff I was diverting.
We're looking at, for example—we have a whole seismic upgrade program to
our reservoirs right now. There's a lot of maintenance that we're having to
do around that project. We're also looking at seeing if there's some
improvements we can make to the way that we operate our reservoir
system. Those are among the things that we're looking at with the Staff
that, I think, would most likely have to work on this.

Council Member Holman: Would it be feasible to—while you say this has
been the customer's purview to make some changes but so are, for instance,
appliance upgrades that would use less water, less energy, whatever. What
about if there was a rebate or incentive program that encouraged people to
change out lead pipe, for instance, in their homes?

Mr. Abendschein: I think these are all possibilities. They're possibilities, and
we'd have to evaluate them, I think, in the same vein as the alternative that
we laid out here in the Report.

Council Member Holman: Understanding that we're not at an alarming rate,
if we're not at the desired goal or desired level—lead's not something you
mess around with, of course. We do, as Council Member Kniss knows, have
as one of our Priorities Healthy City Healthy Community. I'd actually be
interested in looking at what we might be able to do in making some choices
around how we encourage property owners to make improvements.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Hi. I'm just curious. Are there other contaminants
that have public health goals, that we just passed (crosstalk)?

Mr. Abendschein: A lot of the public health goals are around source water.
The SFPUC actually does a lot of that testing. I think it's about 130


                                                                          Page 60 of 64
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/21/16
