                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That wasn't my question. That was one part. Could we do that
and could we incorporate that in the ordinance?

Ms. Gitelman: I will have to defer that to counsel. I think that would be
quite a change to this ordinance.

Mayor Burt: Really? Just a monitoring or requirement that they not change
with—illegally change.

Ms. Silver: Legally it's possible to do. I don't know that we could give you
language on the dais tonight, but it certainly is possible. It could be a good
follow-up item for later ordinance amendments.

Mayor Burt: I think I heard the answer clearly on Vice Mayor Scharff's
question around potential CEQA impacts. I probably am going at it from a
different perspective in that I'm not particularly concerned if these fees were
to slow the rate of office development in the community and, thereby, help
address our jobs/housing imbalance. Aside from that, I couldn't understand
why there even might be a CEQA consequence of not building office. CEQA
would be triggered if we took some action that had environmental
consequences. It's just like on the Comp Plan. When we look at maximum
scenarios, that doesn't mean that doing less than that has a CEQA
consequence, does it?

Ms. Silver: That's correct. I think, again, it was—the remarks I had made
earlier were if there were a finding by the Council that imposing the
maximum feasible office rate would have a very significant impact on office
development and that the other type of development you could assess with
certainty that would occur would in fact have environmental, that's very
speculative.

Mayor Burt: That's if something else got developed, but not merely the
absence of developing office.

Ms. Silver: Correct.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just one follow-up to that, the same issue. Let's
just suppose, for purposes of this discussion, that the higher impact fees
would put a hiatus on office development. Looking at what else might be
developed, isn't anything else that's going to be developed under our current
zoning already considered as part of our Comprehensive Plan EIR? For there
to be a significant impact, there would have to be a change of zoning that


                                                                         Page 51 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
