                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Bob Moss.

Robert Moss: Thank you, and congratulations Mayor Burt and Vice Mayor
Scharff.    You had an earlier speaker that talked about groundwater
contamination and soil contamination. I want to give you some background.
In 1985 HP, Varian and Stanford realized that the tanks they were using to
contain solvent in the Research Park were leaking. The contamination had
reached the aquifer, so they did a series of investigations including a number
of monitoring and investigation wells to find out where the contamination
was leaking to. One of the areas that they found had been contaminated
was Barron Park. Barron Park was contacted and we set up a special
committee. I was on the committee and at various times chaired it. We
met regularly with representatives from HP, Varian and Stanford and talked
about the contamination and remediation. They put in a series of wells
along the bike path to prevent any further flow of contaminant into Barron
Park and put in a series of monitoring and extraction wells in Barron Park.
In fact, I have a monitoring well in my front yard. After about four or five
years of pumping extraction, the area was cleaned. They actually pulled the
contamination back well into the Research Park. We have no contamination
in Barron Park and none in that portion of the Research Park. However, at
about the same time we had contamination that ran into what we call the
co-area and towards College Terrace. That has created some problems.
One of the problems is the agency which oversees contaminated soil and
groundwater in Palo Alto is the Regional Water Quality Control Board. I
worked for years on Mountain View with Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA). I've talked to the EPA people about the problem we have in Palo Alto
for years. They finally went and started working with the Water Board. I
asked them how did they feel the Water Board was handling soil and
groundwater contamination in Palo Alto. The response was they know an
awful lot about water but not much about contamination. As a result, we
are well behind Mountain View in cleaning up the contamination and
preventing serious vapor intrusion into buildings which are over this
contaminated site compared to Mountain View. We're starting to catch up,
but we're a long way from being adequate. The reason is because the
government agency which oversees us did not do an adequate job. It's not
our fault. We tried very hard. I've spoken to the City Council at various
times over the years about this. There's been some action and some
inaction. We need to be really concerned about it. We don't want to have
our people poisoned.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before moving on to our next item of Minutes, I
just wanted to clarify for some members of the public who spoke on it that
the update this evening by the City Manager on the grocery at Edgewood
Plaza was at the initiative of the City Manager not Sand Hill. It was in
                                                                        Page 14 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
