                          TRANSCRIPT
We're prepared to work on that issue and others that we've identified for
Downtown, if the Council prioritizes that effort. It's the other Ordinance for
continuing these protections in other areas of the City that we haven't
resourced or assigned Staff to yet. We're talking about how to do that. As
long as that effort doesn't get complicated with 14 different subparts, I think
we're going to be able to accommodate some amount of that work in the
time we have.

Council Member Holman: I think we continue it kind of as a lump and not
breaking it off into sections. I can't imagine that Staff has the time to do a
variety of different Retail Ordinances. I think just a couple of other things
here. I think we can quickly and easily clarify for Staff the questions that
are on Slide 5, that were asked about earlier. As a general comment, I
would just ask that Council Members think of retail not just what goes on
University Avenue, not just what goes on California Avenue, not even
necessarily just what goes on some of the side streets in the core areas.
Start thinking creatively.      Palo Alto has been the incubator for tech
businesses for years and years and years. It's time we start thinking more
diversely. Think about Palo Alto and locations that might be appropriate for
incubator retail uses. I'll just use it as an example. I look at 100 Addison,
and that's an industrial building. I think of all kinds of uses that would be
wonderful at that site. I don't know what kind of marketing. I did go online,
and it just seems like it's kind of posted as retail space available, blah, blah,
blah, blah. It doesn't try to promote any kind of active uses there that could
be creative and wonderful. We lost Turner and Martin. There are other
kinds of antique uses like Big Daddy in San Francisco that are ...

Mayor Burt: I think we're now getting a lot of specifics that we're going to
not have ...

Council Member Holman: I'm just trying to get us—when Council Members
are starting to think about what's retail and what should be in retail, what
shouldn't be in retail, to think about these other kinds of uses and more
creative uses, and not just think about University Avenue and California
Avenue and what kinds of uses we typically see there.

Mayor Burt: I want to be mindful of the clock. We had budgeted a certain
amount of time. We're clearly well beyond that and going to go beyond it. I
want to have us be able to get everybody a chance to wade in. Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I guess I see it different than Council
Member Holman, but not that differently. I think we want to prioritize
Downtown. When we prioritize Downtown, I want us to also include SOFA

                                                                         Page 74 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
