                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before our final item, which is to hear from
members of the public on items not otherwise on the agenda, known as our
Oral Communications, I just would like to take this opportunity to remind
members of the audience that we have some really important and valuable
events coming up that are really supported by community engagement. We
have a series of our Comprehensive Plan events. Most immediately, we
have our Sustainability and Climate Action Summit on the afternoon of
Sunday, the 24th of January, at Mitchell Park. This is an event that will
inform the Council and the community about a plan that is really our vision
for the next 30 years or more in the sustainability of this community. We
would very much value your participation. You can find information on it on
the City website.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We have six speakers under Oral Communication. I'm sure the
audience will welcome brevity. You have up to three minutes to speak. The
first speaker is Jennifer Landesmann, to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Jennifer Landesmann: Thank you, Mayor Holman, for your support this
year. Congratulations Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff. I'm here to let you
know that this is a time of crisis for Palo Alto residents experiencing the
mean and brutal onslaught of low-flying airplanes bound to SFO. Crisis not
in the sense that the world is about to go under, but in the sense that the
data that has been provided to us directly by the Federal Aviation
Administration shows that a massive amount of airplane noise and pollution
has been shifted to us, to Palo Alto. At least some would like to make the
concentration of routes over Palo Alto, which SFO itself calls the perfect
storm, the new status quo. We're at an inflection point in the history of this
issue, perhaps in the history of the town, in terms of livability. The time to
stop this is now. There are countless studies that show that noise and
emissions emitted by the great number of airplanes overflying our
community does great harm to the growth and development of children,
their learning. Every day that we let this situation persist without doing
everything in our power to stop it is a day too many. Mayor, Vice Mayor,
please help lead in the regional negotiations with the FAA to fix this. Please
help to make this work a priority this year. Congratulations and thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Before too many people leave, I've been corrected
that the location of the Sustainability Summit will be Jordan Middle School
on the 24th. Stephanie Munoz to be followed by Keith Bennett.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening again, Council Members and Mayor Burt.
Joan of Arc is a hard act to follow. Every person brings his own personality

                                                                        Page 19 of 23
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/4/16
