                         TRANSCRIPT
Draft EIR. It basically tests this idea that we allow growth to happen without
slowing job growth. The job and housing numbers are both consistent with
what ABAG projected back in 2013. The idea in this one is that we would try
and control the impacts of growth rather than the growth itself. We would in
this case eliminate housing sites in south Palo Alto again, increase densities
in other parts of the City and also add some new housing sites along El
Camino Real. We're hoping to get your input on that idea tonight in the
context of the new scenarios. This scenario was interesting to all of us
because of this idea of the performance-based approach to try and control
impacts instead of controlling growth, as I mentioned. Scenario 5, this is
the first of the new scenarios that we're seeking your input on this evening.
The concept again was to test a slow growth scenario with this concept of
performance measures and controlling the impacts.

Mayor Burt: Hillary, can you make sure when you say slow growth whether
you mean slow job growth or slow housing growth?

Ms. Gitelman: Sure. Scenario 5 tests slow job growth. It has slightly less
job growth than Scenario 2, which henceforth had been the lowest of all of
the job growth. It also has really pretty modest housing growth, somewhat
more than our historical pattern. It uses the idea consistent with Scenario 3
of eliminating sites in south Palo Alto and increasing densities Downtown and
in Cal. Ave. It's a good kind of middle-of-the-road scenario, again testing
this idea that with slow job growth, a modest increase in the rate of
residential growth, could we control the impacts through performance
measures. Scenario 6 is another one of the new ones we're seeking input
on. Really here the idea, as I understand it from the Council, was to test the
idea of more housing growth again by using performance measures. Once
again it has slow job growth, but it allows much more housing than the other
scenarios, so the housing is even greater than was previously analyzed as
part of Scenario 4. We have in your Packet—I don't expect that everyone's
going to be able to read this table carefully. We've provided a comparison of
all of the quantitative parameters of the scenarios in the Packet. It's on
Packet Page 282, Table 1. We show the housing numbers, the population,
nonresidential square footage and job numbers for each of the scenarios
including the two new ones, Scenario 5 and Scenario 6. Tonight we'd like to
do hear any comments from the public and then get any questions you have
on the objectives of this evening's conversation. We are interested in your
input on the policy parameters for Scenarios 5 and 6, and we've provided
the tables that I referenced in the Staff Report for your review. We also
provided excerpts from an earlier Staff Report that had slightly different
wording in the tables. I guess I should emphasize that we're not about
precision here. We're trying to generally define parameters of the scenarios
sufficiently to permit an analysis of them in the EIR. After this evening,
                                                                        Page 21 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
