                          TRANSCRIPT
this past weekend with the Summit. You will hold your annual Council
Retreat, Saturday, January 30th, starting at 9:00 A.M. That's the formal
start for the actual meeting. We'll be gathering beginning at 8:30 A.M. at
Mitchell Park Community Center. You'll be talking about your Priorities for
the year.     The majority of feedback we've gotten from Council and
community does seem to indicate that a continuation of the current Priorities
you established this past year would be in keeping with your policy and
would be carried forward. The Completion of the Comprehensive Plan, the
Built Environment:       Multimodal Transportation, Parking and Livability,
Infrastructure, and lastly Healthy City/Healthy Community. I would imagine
that the Council, as is often the case, will have emergent initiatives or
special areas of focus you want us to pay attention. Those are often given
priority within one of the actual existing Priorities that you have. That's it.
That will run 'til—right now scheduled to 2:00 P.M. You have run as much as
3:00 P.M. in the past. That's all I have to report. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: At this time, we proceed to Oral Communications. I have six
speaker cards, but the first one is five speakers asking to allow Rachel
Kellerman to speak on behalf of their group. We would be glad to do that.
Welcome.

Rachel Kellerman speaking for Jon Sweig, Marie Jo Fremont, Jennifer
Landersmann, Mark Landersmann. Thank you. Welcome. Mayor Burt, Vice
Mayor Scharff, Honorable City Council Members, hardworking City Staff, my
neighbors, thank you for this forum. I'm here today representing my
neighbors—I'm proud to do it—to urge you to adopt funding solutions for
aircraft noise and pollution in our community as a primary City Priority in
2016. You know the facts. The FAA (Federal Aviation Administration)
concentrated damaging airplane superhighways over Palo Alto. You have
seen and heard the planes over our homes, our parks, our schools, our
places of worship, and our places of work. You are hearing our community.
We are losing sleep. We are having an unprecedented disruption to our
quality of life. Because of the rise in complaints from citizens, the FAA is
doing something never done before, which is to issue an action plan to
address our concern. This is a golden opportunity happening right now that
our City cannot afford to miss. In order to fully engage with the FAA, which
is heavily dominated by the airline industry, our City Council and City Staff
must do what it does best. Number one, gather and interpret reliable data
in order to present a credible and compelling position to the FAA, to tell the
history of our situation, and to propose solutions better to distribute aviation

                                                                          Page 8 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
