                          TRANSCRIPT
independently.    These are people who have agencies.         There's HUD
guidelines, and there's the Supreme Court decision that are requiring that.
We're not meeting it. Believe me, I think the numbers are in the hundreds.
We just don't have places for them nearer to us. Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. John Kelley to be followed by Jeff Lewinsky.

John Kelley: Mayor Burt, Vice Mayor Scharff, Council Members. I've sent
you a letter that talks about my views on ADUs, so I won't repeat all that.
I'd like to use this limited time that I have to address—some of the issues
have been raised tonight, but I'd like to take them sort of more globally. I
think there are two big arguments that people who oppose more housing in
this community tend to make.            The first is essentially an economic
argument, that we can't move the needle at all, that we are so incapacitated
by the market, that we really can't change rents or housing prices. I think
that's fallacious for two very simple reasons. As Craig Lewis pointed out, if
you increase supply, you're going to change demand and you're going to
change prices. It's just that simple. That's not voodoo economics; that's
real economics. If we change the supply, if we make more housing available
in Palo Alto, we will move the price for everyone, especially the kind of
housing that A.C. Johnston's talking about, reasonably priced housing, down.
I think that's good. The second argument that people have been making is
that somehow by creating more density or creating ADUs or doing
something else, we're going to fundamentally change the character of Palo
Alto. In some sense, that's right, but I think we will be changing the
character of Palo Alto for the better, not for the worse. It's not traffic or the
lack of traffic. It's not parking or the lack of parking that is the fundamental
value of Palo Alto. To me it's the people who live here. When we make
housing more affordable, when we distribute additional housing throughout
the community such as ADUs would do, we are going to have better,
stronger communities. We're going to have better, stronger neighborhoods,
and we're going to have better, stronger families. I would encourage you to
go for more density throughout the City, particularly by ADUs. I would
encourage you to think that by doing so we will actually be improving the
character of life here in Palo Alto. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Leslye Crosiglia.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I actually
come from a multigenerational line of multiunit property owners. I'm not
going to speak as an individual; I'm going to speak as a developer and
operator of the very properties that you are thinking about tonight. There's
two factors here that I haven't heard mentioned at all. The first—this comes
from growing up in a family that deals with these issues—is that the old rule

                                                                         Page 68 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
