                         TRANSCRIPT
How do you get people to see them and fall in love with them? Great
photographs and great videos is one. They allow volunteers to take the
animals home overnight, over the weekend, take them downtown and walk
them around, take them to the beach in groups, and foster them, foster
them, foster them, foster them. A lot of the volunteers are also fosters. A
lot of the fosters become volunteers at this great big shelter in Austin. It's
the way you keep the animals sane and you keep them happy and you keep
them energetic, so they look cute when people come to adopt them. You
can have them out on the streets on a Sunday, walking down University
Avenue with an "adopt me" vest. I know Pets in Need does that sort of
thing. I know they have a volunteer who took a dog home overnight and
over the weekends. He would come to the farmers market where we have a
booth and show us his dog. That was just great. That's routine for them. It
is so far from routine. This year for the first time I've ever heard of, Palo
Alto allowed a pit bull to walk in the May Fete Parade, which was just great.
The dog was adopted shortly after that. We tried to get them to let dogs
come to the May Fete for years our group of volunteers, and no, no, no.
Volunteers there do a fabulous job. I've been one and I work with Sally
taking pictures. I want more volunteers. I want three times; I want 120
instead of 40. We should have two volunteers walking dogs at the same
time together, working together, training together and so on. There's no
reason to keep it so tiny. I think Pets in Need knows what it's doing as far
as making the dogs and cats happy while they're waiting to be adopted.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.     Denise Salles to be followed by Herb Borock.
Welcome.

Denise Salles: Hi. I'm Denise Salles, and I don't work for the City of Palo
Alto. I'd like to speak to you as a private citizen who has used Palo Alto
Animal Services for 17 years to spay and neuter over 700 cats, both feral
and tame, and adopted through two 501(c)(3)s that I have worked with. I
have used them for spay and neuter, vaccinations, animal control issues,
calls to dispatch after hours. The most recent being a bat that ended up
being rabid when Jeannette Washington came. I took it home for the night.
Anyway, my point is that I believe that Palo Alto Animal Services needs to
stay in Palo Alto and provide the precise, same services that they do now.
With the influx of the population in this area and in Los Altos and Mountain
View, which is now gone, Los Altos Hills, there are more animals to be taken
in and certainly not to be rejected if one has to be returned. I don't want to
seem disrespectful, but I believe that the City of Palo Alto has architected
the decline of Palo Alto Animal Services over the last four years in the
following ways: unwillingness to renegotiate the Mountain View contract;
unwillingness to allow for San Mateo county licensing fees; reduction of a vet
technician which subsequently halved the spay and neuter. I feel like the
                                                                       Page 54 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
