                         TRANSCRIPT
aligned with the S/CAP. I think that's a combination of top-down as well as
bottom-up kind of buy-in. I'd like to see kind of a strong buy-in. The last
principle—I think several Council Members said it—to make it explicit that
the S/CAP is driven by the Comp. Plan. It can inform it, but it's kind of the
Comp. Plan first, S/CAP second. Happy to support the Motion. Looking
forward to the next item. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I'm happy to support the Motion as well for all the
reasons I laid earlier.     When we have that conversation about the
environmental impacts of new construction versus possible reuse, I hope it's
a comprehensive conversation that also identifies the reality that not all
buildings can be repurposed and the greenhouse gas and environmental
benefits of new construction especially under the really strict building
standards that we have in Palo Alto and in California. I also want to
reiterate the point that Council Member Wolbach made; I also don't support
point of sale requirements. It's difficult enough and there are enough
disincentives to people selling their homes, especially in Palo Alto. I was
surprised to see from a letter we received that we have the lowest turnover
rate of homes in the area. I don't want to make that more difficult for
people.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Several things. Thank you, Pat, for making, I think,
what was an important and extensive and very comprehensive Motion. To
pick up on something that you mentioned, I don't want us to think of
ourselves as too precious. The region really does look to us for guidance.
I'm surprised, as I'm out at regional meetings, that that really does happen.
I have always wondered how everybody sort of found Palo Alto who have
very much the same values, the same cultural sort of tendencies. It always
amazes me. I look out at you, and I know you all recycle. If you don't
recycle, standup. I know that you all recycle. You do. We buy into what is
a certain way of life in Palo Alto. We prize it. What we're trying to do
tonight is say, "As we go forward from 2016, can we improve this
dramatically by 2030, but also we're leaving this for our kids, their kids."
Somehow we want there to still be a planet that exists, and we're in danger
of that not existing after a certain length of time. We are here to save our
planet. I want to not go on and on tonight, because we've all had a great
deal to say. I would certainly support point of sale, by the way, just so I
have that said. I also want to mention that I knew a Southern woman very
well when I was actually on the Board of Supervisors. I'm going to see if I
can quote you just what she said. The sin is not in not reaching your goal.

                                                                       Page 56 of 93
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/18/16
