                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Yeah. It's a play off Bay Area Bike Share. I think their intention
is to—if other cities want to buy into it and become a part, they'd be open to
it.

Council Member DuBois: it's pretty, I think, encouraging that—I think there
are other forms of integration. We're talking about paying with your phone
and Clipper card. I think if we pushed that way, that's very positive as well.
Can we get the TFCA funds if we go with SoBi or are those tied with staying
with Motivate?

Mr. Mello: The grant was written in an interesting way. It said it must be
compatible with Bay Area Bike Share. It didn't say it had to be Bay Area
Bike Share. Our intent is if we are successful in our grant request and
Council elects to go with a different technology, we would just submit a
request to use that funding for a different technology.

Council Member DuBois: I think we need to—the question about smart bikes
versus smart docks, I think, is a really important one. Just reading the
report—you're more of an expert than I am—it seems like smaller cities,
smart bikes make more sense. This idea of kind of virtual docks or having
the entire Downtown be a dock just seems to make more sense in a
suburban environment. I really think we've got to factor that in as not just a
cost issue, but really what technology is best for our City. I wanted to look
at the ideal 35-station slide for a second, if you could pull that back up. I
went back and looked, and there were some articles from a couple of years
ago where even then, I think, the ARB didn't like the station placement.
Even bike advocates were saying they didn't think it was going to work. I
think getting the placement right is really critical. I know this came out of
some recommendations, but just looking at this, if you think about Mountain
View, and you said they're getting a lot of bike usage to Bayshore, we've got
a lot of offices along Bayshore and also Embarcadero. They're outside of the
proposed region. We actually have empty office space out there. I think
thinking about bike share from University station out to Bayshore would be
useful. I'm also starting to hear a lot with the RPP about businesses along
Middlefield Road and University. They're a little bit far to walk from Caltrain.
Instead of kind of this dispersion model, we should actually think more about
where the employment centers are. There's kind of two issues: where are
the employment areas and where are the residential areas. I think the other
thing we need to consider here is the RPP program. If we start to put bike
share racks just outside where there's still free parking, we're going to have
people driving and parking in the neighborhood and picking up a bike.
That's probably not the intended behavior we want. I think if you look at
this, the ideal map might actually be more of a doughnut with racks along
101 and on the north side of Bayshore and maybe more stuff in the
                                                                          Page 13 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
