                         TRANSCRIPT
Kari Barclay: Hello. My name is Kari Barclay. I speak as a Stanford
graduate student and as a member of Stanford Sanctuary Now. Right now,
I'm speaking to support the resolution but also to advocate the inclusion of
the word "sanctuary" in the statement itself. As far as I understand—correct
me if I'm wrong—Palo Alto right now undertakes the minimum legally
required cooperation with ICE, making it to all effect, intents and purposes a
sanctuary city already. To use the word "sanctuary" in the statement in the
Memo would make that commitment public and would make it affirmative so
that we can publicly support all immigrants in our community. It also helps
to build connections with other cities around the Peninsula and with Stanford
itself and their efforts to be a pro-immigrant space. Even if it might seem
like a nebulous category of the sanctuary itself, it underlies a commitment
that we can then back up with policies that do support immigrants within our
community. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.    Sarah Almond Pike to be followed by Winter
Dellenbach.

Sarah Almond Pike: Hi, good evening, Mayor Burt and Council. I'm a Palo
Alto resident, and I sit on the Board of the local United Nations Association.
I too, like the others, wish to voice my strong support for this resolution.
There's been a lot of speech in the last few months, not all of it has been
hateful but some of it has. Words truly do matter. I've spoken with high
school students, like others here, who are fearful that their parents will be
deported. That will limit their ability to continue their education. I know of
residents of color who have lived here for decades, who have been told to go
back to where they came from. I have friends who are researchers,
scientists and teachers and who, like myself, are legal residents and who
have wondered if they need to consider leaving the United States. I have
female friends who are concerned that sexist comments and behavior will go
unchallenged. (Inaudible) these words, they do matter. They have real
consequences. As others have said, actions also matter. While I support
this resolution and think it's an amazing first step, more importantly I hope
that it'll lay the foundation for action in 2017 and beyond. I know all of us
here will be looking to the current and future members of Council to really
live out these values in the coming years. I applaud the Council Members
who drafted this resolution and, again, want to urge you all to vote in its
favor. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.       Winter Dellenbach to be followed by our final
speaker, Phyllis Cassell.

Winter Dellenbach: The night of the election I got a text from someone at
Buena Vista, so happy to tell me they were celebrating and wanted me to

                                                                       Page 101 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
