                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I'm concerned about the first. We are still aiming
for an April 1st start. Now, in order to do that, I guess we need to have this
material come back to the Council before April 1st.

Ms. Gitelman: In order to the meet the April 1st date, we're going to need
to bring the resolution back to you pretty quickly.

Council Member Schmid: Can't hear you.

Council Member Wolbach:         I'm not going to accept that amendment,
because I don't think it's necessary. I think Staff understands that we want
to be kept apprised of what's happening. If you want to add it as a separate
Motion, you can. Maybe I'll end up supporting it, but right now I'm not
going to support it as a friendly amendment. I think it's superfluous.

AMENDMENT:      Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “report back to Council quarterly.”

Council Member Schmid: Are you saying that about the ...

Council Member Wolbach: About your proposed amendment.

Council Member Schmid: ... when they return. It says now Staff will return,
and Staff has hinted that they want to return fairly quickly, within the next
six weeks.

Council Member Wolbach: Yes. I just think it's superfluous. I'm trying to
keep the—I'd like to see the motion be as simple and clear as possible
without any fluff.

Council Member DuBois: How about a six-month check-in (inaudible)?

Council Member Schmid: I guess they're two separate things. When does
this come?

Ms. Stump: Chair Schmid, just on the schedule of returning, the Staff
obviously has some work to do to think about this scratchers and hang tags
issue. As soon as they can get that done, they will need to come back in
order to get the decisions that will allow them to implement by April 1st. If
this group is amenable, we could work with the Clerk and try to determine a
time outside of your regular meeting time when this group of five would be
available for that. Your meetings are very, very full in the next few weeks
already with other items.

Council Member DuBois: That sounds fine, but just to be clear, the only
thing that should change, I guess, how many of these things you print.
                                                                      Page 114 of 125
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/1/16
