                          TRANSCRIPT
your comments. It's also exciting to see Palo Alto Housing may have a
project coming here in Palo Alto again. It's interesting that they've been
building in Redwood City and Mountain View recently, but it is the Palo Alto
Housing Corporation, not the Corp. anymore. Palo Altans of all stripes need
affordable housing here in our community, whether it's supportive housing
for low income folks or for veterans as some of you asked. I think it's really
important to support this need. One potential project is the Cal Park site. I
have some family friends who actually grew up there, and now they own a
home in Palo Alto. It provided them a foothold in this community to send
their kids to our schools and thrive here. That site is really nice in terms of
its walkability.   It's transit friendly; it's near cultural and open space
resources, and it has access to jobs and services. As Council Member Kniss
mentioned, particularly if there is a Residential Parking Permit program in
that area and if there are the right parking controls, the right controls on
relocation and construction impacts, this may be a really good project for
Palo Alto to move forward and provide affordable housing for our
community. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Jane Uyvava. I'm sorry.

Jane Uyvava: Good evening. No, it's all good. It's Uyvava, but it's a very
hard last name to spell. Thank you for letting me speak tonight. My name
is Jane Uyvava, and my fiancé, Adrian Fine, and I live on California Avenue
in Amherst. I've been a renter in Palo Alto for over five years. For us, our
family budget mainly goes towards housing despite the fact that we have
really well-paying jobs and stable jobs. It's a source of concern. I'm really,
deeply worried about folks that are less fortunate than ourselves, that
maybe don't have that stability for whatever reason. I'm here to strongly
support Palo Alto Housing Corporation. They provide much needed housing
for our community for all sorts of folks. We're not the kind of folks that
would qualify for affordable housing obviously. Nevertheless, I think that
we're excluding more and more people from being part of this community.
It's really, really deeply troubling. California Avenue is a perfect place to
build housing. It's already dense. It's near parks, biking routes, transit.
We don't own a car, and I think a lot of families are choosing that route for
economic reasons, quality of life reasons. It's environmentally friendly. I'm
here to also speak for all the future families who would live in these units.
Let's find a way and adopt a can-do attitude. This community really needs
more housing. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Jan Stokley to be followed by Winter Dellenbach.

Jan Stokley: Good evening. My name is Jan Stokley, and I'm the Executive
Director of Housing Choices. Housing Choices is a nonprofit organization

                                                                        Page 25 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
