                          TRANSCRIPT
the past three years, 2014-2016, given some of the changes at the Research
Park for now and the exchange for some square footage and housing but
also just the reduced activity imposed by the Council, again over three
years, a total of 50,000 square feet brought on board for not just office/R&D
but all commercial development net, particularly when we think about the
concerns about traffic, we just need to put in perspective that elsewhere in
our region there has been the addition of planned 11 million square feet of
nonresidential space and 20,000 dwelling units if you include just large
projects in the North Bayshore area of Mountain View or Menlo Park as well
as East Palo Alto (EPA), San Mateo County and Redwood City. All of this
points to the fact that traffic is a regional issue and we'll continue to really
have to think about how we act regionally as well as locally. I'd like to be
sure I get the Council's attention on this. Our good efforts at the Finance
Committee last week about having some advance conversation with the
Finance Committee as part of our commitment to transparency and open
government might have been misconstrued a little bit in the media or the
community about the implications of our forecast for fiscal year 2018.
Rightfully so, the budget Staff with me talked in terms of a potential deficit
for next year. A better way to be really talking about this is it's a planning
gap in our budget plans for next year. Last year, the Finance Committee
asked, because we could see that we were going to have some challenging
issues ahead but not insurmountable by any means, to get a jump on the
budget for next year. I actually came to the Finance Committee and had a
discussion about our situation before I even started working on putting
together the City Manager's proposed budget, which we do in December,
January, February, March and then present it to the Council in April. A lot of
what we have put forward are just forecasts of potential expenditure
demands we have and the revenue stream that we would see in the General
Fund. That presents a gap. The fact of the matter is that I will be
presenting to the Council two things. One, that's not an operating deficit
that exists this year or anything. Secondly, I will be presenting a balanced
budget to the Council's consideration for Fiscal Year (FY) 2018. There was
some talk about how much we're investing in infrastructure and how much
we have. Still, in each one of these budgets that we have, we have these
large capital budgets. The 5-year capital program just for the General Fund
over the next five years is about $300 million. That's going forward in
addition to the things that the Mayor was talking about. For all of the
Enterprise Funds it's over $600 million. In the forecast for this year, we've
got about $68 million in the General Fund capital budget, of which $30
million is carryover funding. We're looking at a $4-$6 million planning gap
right now, knowing that we can have a lot of latitude in how we budget on
just the capital side. That being said, the Finance Committee to its credit
shares the same opinion as I do that the things that have let us be so
successful over the past years is that we try to stay ahead of trends as best
                                                                          Page 10 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
