                          TRANSCRIPT
approaching the intersection anyway. It encourages them to yield much
more consistently. Chicanes are where we provide horizontal deflection for
vehicles. This is where the travel path of a vehicle is interrupted; they have
to move either right or left to pass either a center island or a curb extension
on the side of the roadway. In several locations we're recommending
median islands which would serve two purposes. They would slow down
turning vehicles by not allowing vehicles to encroach into the oncoming
travel lane. When they make a turn, they would have to go around the
median island. They also provide a refuge for pedestrians crossing at those
intersections. There would be a raised median where a pedestrian could
temporarily pause if they felt uncomfortable or felt as though they were not
going to make it across the entire intersection. Last but not least, mini
roundabouts or traffic circles. We're going to go into a little more detail on
those. Traffic circles or roundabouts. One of the main benefits of these is to
reduce the conflict points. We have a lot of intersections along our bike
boulevard network that are always stop controlled or two-way stop
controlled. A traditional traffic signal control or stop controlled intersection
has upwards of 32 points of conflict. When you throw in pedestrian conflicts,
that almost doubles. That's because there's left turns, right turns; there's
through movements, all within the same space and all with the potential to
have a collision or a conflict. There's also the points of conflict at the
crosswalk. Pedestrians are relying on motor vehicles to come to a complete
stop; they're relying on right turning and left turning vehicles to see them at
the same time that they're judging gaps in oncoming traffic. Roundabouts
eliminate all of these decision points. The only decisions you to have make
are whether you're going to yield to a pedestrian upon entering the
roundabout, whether you're going to yield to a vehicle that's already in the
roundabout, and then whether you need to yield to a pedestrian upon exiting
the roundabout. Those are really only the three points of conflict that you
have when you're using a roundabout. When we talk about safety, the only
type of collision that can really occur between vehicles in a roundabout is a
side-swipe collision. Those are the least dangerous type of collision when
compared to a T-bone or a head-on collision, which tend to be the most
serious. Even if there is a collision in a roundabout, it tends to be much less
severe than at a traditional intersection. Throughout the concept plans,
we're recommending the installation of bike boulevard legends, which are
shown on the left. These are not sharrows. Our first proposals that we
brought to the community included the greenback sharrows, which are
shown on the right there. Rightly so, a lot of folks were concerns about the
aesthetics of those in their community. We also had them spaced rather
closely together originally, I think 300 feet staggered. Since then, we've
greatly reduced the number of pavement markings, and we've changed
them to the bike boulevard legend which is shown on the left there. We now
only show them at the beginning of every block instead of spaced every
                                                                         Page 17 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
