                           TRANSCRIPT
Action Items

1.    Ordinance 5380 Entitled, “Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto to add Section 10.50.085 (Eligibility Areas) and to Amend Section
      10.50.090 (Modification or Termination of Districts) of the Palo Alto
      Municipal Code Relating to Residential Parking Programs (FIRST
      READING: February 1, 2016 PASSED: 5-0 Berman, Burt, Holman,
      Scharff absent).”

2.    Resolution 9577 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
      Alto Amending Resolution 9473 to Implement Phase 2 of the
      Downtown Residential Preferential Parking District Pilot Program
      (Continued from February 8, 2016).”

Following random selection on February 1, 2016, pursuant to California Code
of Regulations Section 18705 (Legally Required Participation), Council
Member Filseth will participate in this Agenda Item.

Council Member Schmid: We have on the Agenda a Staff Report, a number
of people of who want to address the two issues, and then Council needs to
act in unanimity on any Motion that passed. Shall we start with Staff? My
recommendation is we then go to the public, and then come back to Council.
Planning Director, do you want to kick it off?

Jessica Sullivan, Transportation Planning Manager:            Good afternoon,
everyone. It's great to be here at 3:00 and not midnight. Staff does have a
presentation. This item is a continuation from February 1st. We're going
through some details of the implementation of the Phase Two Downtown RPP
District, specifically looking closely at the updated boundary we're proposing
that would include some newly annexed areas; discussion around the
employee permit cap that's being proposed, as well as reducing the number
of employee permits that are sold over time; the strategy around the
parking zones that we're proposing; and then the prioritization for employee
permits and how the daily permits are sold. Before we do that, I did want to
just sort of take a quick step back and remind the Council that the RPP
program in our Downtown is really foundational to our whole parking
management strategy for Downtown. You remember the three-legged stool
that we've been talking about for a few years now. All of the programs you
see on this slide are really critical to our efforts to improve quality of life in
Downtown, reduce single occupant vehicle travel, and make the
neighborhoods better places for everyone.               In a few weeks, our
Transportation Management Association (TMA) Board will be presenting to
you some of the first TransitPass Programs that they're going to be
proposing as part of their newly formed organizational status. We're also

                                                                             Page 5 of 66
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/23/16
