                          TRANSCRIPT
that is neon and LED and blah, blah, blah. I don't want us to be bad
members of the public. Could that be included as part of this map that we
would get, that would show what kind of signage is going where? And which
designs too, because the designs make a difference.

Ms. Sullivan: Sure. I think we can provide that. I want to make sure we
understand exactly, though, what you want to see. The signage that's
specifically for lots and garages only is going to occur at lots and garages.
The directional signage will occur along Lytton, along University and, I think,
along Hamilton we have a couple of locations. Basically, the directional
signage, the intention of it is to direct people to the public lots. The main
arteries that go Downtown from all directions will have directional signage.

Council Member Holman: For instance, if you look at your Slide Number 16
in the presentation, if you look at Slide 16, the upper left, those two images,
are those intended to be at the garages or on one of the streets? That's
what I'm ...

Ms. Sullivan: Those signs are identifications for lots and garages. If it has
a—the ones that have the numbers on them are going to be at the garages,
because we're not going to use the variable message signage at lots.

Council Member Holman: I understand that. I know they refer to garages.
My question is where are these signs going to be located? Are they going to
be at the garages or are they going to be on University, Hamilton, Alma,
Ramona, Bryant? That's my question.

Ms. Sullivan: The signs up here will be at the garages.

Council Member Holman: Each one of those?

Ms. Sullivan: Yes.

Council Member Holman: Jim.

Mr. Keene: Since Jessica was busy talking, I just asked Sue whether or not
following, not tonight—one thing we could do is print out a much bigger map
here, put it on the wall literally. We could even have the mockups of the
things and we could have pins that would show you exactly what kind of sign
was in what location where. You could really literally walk around the
Downtown, if you were interested in something like that, having the picture
to be able to see it. If you're not, you'll save us the work.

Council Member Holman: This Council Member would be very interested in
that. We'll see if others are too. I did read, of course, that we're going to

                                                                         Page 52 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
