                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. de Geus: No. In fact, some of the groups that are there now are
getting additional space.

Council Member DuBois: It looked like on the dates listed there might be a
gap. Is anybody there—do they have to move out and then move back in or
can they basically just transition smoothly?

Mr. de Geus: There is a gap. That's really the reason we have this deficit in
2015. Could you ask your question again? Maybe I didn't understand it.

Council Member DuBois: I forget. I think Reach was one of the people
there now and is going forward. It looked like Foothill moves out in
September, and new people can't move in until a couple—I'm just
wondering. The people like that, do they need to move out for a month?

Mr. de Geus:   No.   No, they don't.   If they're there, they stay there and
continue.

Council Member DuBois: Nobody's going to be disrupted?

Mr. de Geus: They won't be disrupted.

Council Member DuBois: Council Member Schmid said we have like three
years left on the lease. I thought it was more like 4.

Mr. de Geus: It's until the end of calendar year 2019, December 2019.

Council Member DuBois: These leases we're signing with these new groups,
are they for that period of time?

Mr. de Geus: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: In your forecast, the 2018 numbers look like the
revenue jumped up quite a bit. I wondered where that was coming from.

Mr. de Geus: From Fiscal Year '17?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah.

Mr. de Geus: That was the question I was probably answering earlier. We
have this lag between September and November. At the end of September,
Foothill College leaves. It's going to take these new tenants some time to
move in, the new ones. Most of them, we anticipate, will move in closer to
November 1st or into November a little bit. We lose a whole month of
revenues.


                                                                      Page 16 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
