                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Steve Eglash to be followed by Dan Garber.

Steve Eglash: Good evening. I'm Steve Eglash. I'm a member of the City
of Palo Alto Utilities Advisory Commission which, as you know, advises the
City Council on electricity, gas, water, wastewater and fiber optic utilities.
The Utilities Advisory Commission has not had an opportunity to deliberate
or be informed on the dewatering issue. I'm speaking to you tonight as an
individual, not as a member of the Utilities Advisory Commission. As I tried
to analyze and get my head around this problem during the last several
months, I asked myself three questions.         One is, is the groundwater
significant and relevant. I believe it is. Secondly, is the amount of water
removed by dewatering significant? The data that I've seen suggests that it
is a significant amount of water that's removed. Thirdly, do alternate
construction techniques exist that would allow us to dramatically decrease or
eliminate dewatering? It appears to me that such techniques do exist.
Thanks.

Mayor Holman: Thank you. Dan Garber to be followed by Carla Carvalho.
Welcome.

Dan Garber: On December 1st—excuse me. I'm here as a resident this
evening, of Palo Alto. On December 1st I argued here that the amount of
construction dewatering is very minor compared to other sources of
dewatering in the City. As only one example, the pump underneath Oregon
Expressway underpass pumps reportedly more water annually than all the
residential dewatering projects last year combined. This appears to have
been done without a single third-party environmental impact being reported
by an arborist, including the City, the geotechnical, the civil engineers or
other professionals in over 35 years. This is not to say that if we can utilize
water realized from construction dewatering, we should do that. I support
Staff Group 1 recommendations. Although I'm a little shocked by the
amount of money that it will cost, it costs someone building a new home,
they have to pay the City a minimum of $45,000 for fees up to $60-65,000,
adding another 10,000 is an impressive number. If we are serious about the
sustainable use of our water versus focusing on a couple of homeowners
who want to build a basement, then we're thinking much too small. Today
we poured 13 1/2 million gallons of water into the Bay. In nearly one week,
we pour more water into the Bay than we take out annually from all the
dewatering in Palo Alto. This comes from the RWQCP, the City's wastewater
plant that produces 18 million gallons of wastewater per day, much of which
comes from the Hetch Hetchy Valley. About 4 1/2 gallons of that is
recycled. The remaining 13 1/2 goes back into the Bay. That's waste.
Recycling 2 1/2 percent more water equals all the City's annual dewatering.
Ten days ago the City asked for bold sustainable ideas. Here are three.
                                                                        Page 49 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
