                           TRANSCRIPT
existing 3-D printer.   Perhaps new ones would be okay.     Monique will say
more.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: It all of a sudden occurred to me we had these
rooms for paper copy machines that have to be separately vented to the
outside for points on LEED Platinum. I thought this is melting plastic. Is
there an issue with this? It turned out yes, there could be an issue. At this
point, not that there is LEED recertification, so we might not need to do it.
We held a community conversation. We actually invited people to both
Rinconada and Mitchell Park Libraries to talk about what do you think about
the future of technology and this kind of thing. It was very interesting. The
librarians who hosted this said most people really didn't care. They would
just like to see the 3-D printing. We are rolling them out. The problem
we're having is the plastic keeps clogging up, and we can't get it to come
through. We're working on the technology itself. There are available sign-
ups through our E-vents calendar on the website. I don't think that there's
anything available until December. Doug Hagan, you tried right? We're
going to keep adding.

Mayor Burt: What I was hoping is that we would be looking at expanding to
Mitchell. If it needs separate venting like we do for copiers, I don't think
that's a real big deal.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: We're getting it. It's on its way.

Mayor Burt: At Mitchell?

Ms. Le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yeah, yeah. We're getting it . We're just trying
to work out the kinks of how do we keep it from not extruding.

Mayor Burt:       The other thing I would love to see is even stronger
collaboration than I'm aware of between the Mitchell teen center in the
community center space and the teen center in the library. I appreciate the
teens are not doing identical things in those two areas. It just seems that's
an opportunity to explore greater collaboration between those two facilities
in the same library/community center complex. I'll just leave it at that, as
something that I hope there's a possibility for further collaboration between
the Community Service Department and the Library Department. On that
note, I'd just like to say on behalf of what I've heard from everyone, keep
up the fantastic work. We really appreciate what the Commission's doing
and the Library Staff. It's really exciting after the community investment
that occurred in rebuilding the libraries, and a real question about what
would be the transformation of the libraries. The answer is it just continues
to transform. That's fantastic. Thank you very much.

                                                                      Page 19 of 104
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/4/16
