                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Dailey: CARB certifies the protocols, all the steps that a project has to
go through. We would hire a third-party verifier to make sure that what's
supposed to be happening out in the field is actually happening.

Mr. Keene: Just so we're clear for the public, that's the California Air
Resources Board.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In terms of biogas, just briefly, I see that there's a
Federal—I saw it somewhere in here. Where is it? There's a mandate to
buy biogas by the renewable transportation. That's a Federal mandate, is
that right? That makes it 21 times higher, the price, for that. Is all the
biogas that's produced bought? It must be at such a high price.

Ms. Dailey: Yes, but there are new projects coming online all the time.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What does a biogas project look like?

Ms. Dailey: More often than not it's a landfill.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's landfill gas?

Ms. Dailey: Mm hmm.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is biogas the same thing as landfill gas projects?

Ms. Dailey: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It could be landfill gas, and it could be dairy. Are most
of the big ones landfill gas? I was just trying to get a sense of what these …

Ms. Dailey: Most of the big ones are landfill gas.

Vice Mayor Scharff: There's two ways then to do landfill gas. What they do
is they burn the gas to produce electricity, which they sell into the market,
or you can actually collect the gas and sell it as biogas.

Ms. Dailey: That's correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: From an environmental greenhouse gas emissions
perspective, do we care which one they do?

Ms. Dailey: Do we as Palo Alto care?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let's assume our value is the least greenhouse gas
emissions, and that's our overriding value. Is there a difference in which
creates more or less greenhouse gas emissions if we produce electricity or if

                                                                        Page 22 of 81
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 12/5/16
