                         TRANSCRIPT
to the Council on whether we want to try to break up the discussion that
way or we want to throw everything together.

Council Member Holman: Where I was sort of headed was setting some
parameters for the Ordinance and then address the 100 Addison situation.

Mayor Burt: Parameters for the interim Ordinance or parameters for the
permanent Ordinance?

Council Member Holman: It depends on how we—there's different ways of
looking at this. The permanent Ordinance, I guess, could be an extension of
the Interim Ordinance with some changes. That goes to the question I
asked earlier, which is how much change can we make and not totally
disrupt the Staff's priority workload.

Mayor Burt: Let's hold off on the specific waiver before us for the time being
and discussion of that. Let's talk about broader guidelines to Staff, and then
we'll loop back after that and address the waiver request.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: That's a good question. I think it can be either. We've heard
from Staff that the Interim Ordinance—they have real hesitancy about going
into major modifications and making the Interim Ordinance refined when we
have basically six months left on it. For the most part, we should be trying
to begin to give guidance on our direction for the permanent Ordinance. If
there are specific ways in which we might want to tweak the Interim
Ordinance that would not be big burdens to Staff, then we could consider
that.

Council Member Holman: My thinking and the points that I'm making is to
look at the Interim Ordinance and changes to it that would then become a
permanent Ordinance.

Mayor Burt: If you're really trying to get into a deep discussion tonight
around that, you may have one idea and we may have eight others on
where that would head.       That would be probably a really involved
conversation. I wouldn't assume that you can begin to craft too much about
the permanent Ordinance tonight and fold that into the interim. I wouldn't
make that assumption.

Council Member Holman: It gets a little tricky then on how to give guidance
to Staff.



                                                                       Page 71 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
