                          TRANSCRIPT
public comments first. Those comments may raise the same issues, and
we'll be able to respond at the same time.

Council Member Schmid: It's up to the Council if you want some direct
questions, short questions to start with. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I can ask a short question. The micro zones, how
would we handle enforcement in that? Is that reading license plates or how
does that work?

Ms. Atkinson: It would be the same as now. Basically each of the
enforcement officers has a beat that they currently walk. The zones would
actually make that a little easier, because it would be defined who has one
and two, etc. It would be following the same procedure right now with mark
moding, potentially exploring a trial of LPR. As we've discussed previously,
LPR was not recommended moving forward in this. We've agreed with the
enforcement contractor that we might entertain the idea of trying it once.

Council Member Filseth: In your judgment, it's practical and would prevent
people from sort of getting a permit for Zone 10, then moving to Zone 1 and
so forth.

Joshuah Mello, Chief Transportation Official: The way we've planned thus far
is the signage that's installed currently has a space to add stickers. We
would add a sticker identifying which zone the block was in. Each permit
would also have a matching number that would correspond to that zone
number.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I don't have one now.

Council Member Schmid: I'm sorry. I have seven cards, three minutes
apiece. If you want to make it shorter, that might be helpful. Eileen
Skrabutenas to be followed by Bernard Gifford.

Eileen Skrabutenas: Can you bring up the boundary map for Phase 2, since
I'll reference it? Thank you. I'm here to say that the ordinance in Phase 2
implementation contains some omissions that I think need to be corrected.
First, as currently written, the ordinance in Phase 2 plan does not treat all
streets within a given distance of a center point in an RPP equally for the
purposes of defining eligibility areas. This creates a disparate and unequal
impact on similar classes of residents. Since a key criteria for inclusion in an

                                                                         Page 85 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
