                          TRANSCRIPT
getting a lot of new programs. I just wondered are we still using the right
process or has the process changed. Do you feel like we're making more
changes than we expected to make when we started on this?

Ms. Gitelman: I think that's a good question. Part of the reason we got to
consensus on this element is that we used kind of a big tent approach.
When someone had an idea, it went in the book. That’s fine to some extent
to create a first draft, but we do anticipate that the CAC itself and the
Council will want to do some streamlining. We're happy to accept those kind
of comments

Mr. Keene: If I just might add. The CAC would recognize too the ultimate
reconciliation is going to have to be done by the Council, drawing on the
components that you get from the CAC. You'll be making some choices and
decisions.

Council Member DuBois: Obviously it's very, as Council Member Schmid
said, difficult to do that. I just don't want to spend a lot of time going
through program by program. I get where we are. The introductory text
seemed to expand it quite a bit from the current element. There's some
items that are extremely granular in there. There are others that are well
meaning, but either they look very expensive or it's not something we'd
really control. What is the idea for a process to really prioritize and scale
back? If Council gives comments to Staff, do you think they can go back
and do some culling on their own?

Ms. Gitelman: That's a good question. I think we were anticipating that you
would give us some direction, and Staff would take a pass through the
document to try and streamline it a little. Ultimately, we would bring it back
to the CAC as part of a whole package. It's going to be even more urgent to
streamline and prioritize programs when you see all of the elements
together. That's when it's going to be super apparent.

Council Member DuBois: It almost feels like some arbitrary goals like pick
your top 30 just to see what we end up with.

Ms. Gitelman: I don't want to minimize by stretch of the imagination what
the CAC has done. They put a tremendous amount of effort in here and a
lot of thought. We did end up with some things very granular and some
things very big picture. We all knew that this was a draft we were bringing
to you, but we thought it was time to get your input and direction. If part of
that input and direction is for Staff to do a little bit of pruning here, we're
receptive to that and can take that direction.


                                                                         Page 86 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
