                         TRANSCRIPT
basically said all scenarios no impact on schools. I was curious. When we
look at building smaller units, do we try to model the effect of, say, seniors
moving into smaller units and freeing up larger houses? If people want to
downsize and we have this idea of building smaller units, is that part of the
model?

Ms. Gitelman: The school calculations are not a complicated model. We're
looking at the number of multifamily units created and what the likely
population in those units would be. I can get you more detail if...

Council Member DuBois: They're not assuming that people—like, we free up
our housing because people move from there into small units.

Ms. Gitelman: It's not that sophisticated.

Council Member DuBois: Two last questions here. Do we know how other
cities regulate employment density?

Ms. Gitelman: Really good question. We haven't done an exhaustive
survey. I know from my personal experience that normally it's done as we
suggested in the policy lever chart through the requirement for a use permit
where you can attach conditions.        Through those conditions, you can
designate the number of employees. Just from a practical perspective, it
creates a very difficult enforcement challenge.       That, at least in my
experience, is how that issue has been addressed.

Council Member DuBois: Was there any consideration to policies that would
impact kind of buying versus renting?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry?

Council Member DuBois: I'm jumping around a little bit. Back to housing.
When we talk about smaller units, was there any consideration or are there
any differences in terms of an EIR between units that could be purchased
and units that could be bought?

Ms. Gitelman: There's really not a difference from the EIR perspective. We
didn't get into that issue.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Just one quick follow-up question to Council
Member DuBois' question about the effects on greenhouse gases of new
construction. When we do look into that, I hope we'll also look into the
                                                                        Page 27 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
