                          TRANSCRIPT
common sense analogy that will help you deal with this issue. I was
thinking I'll give it a whack, trying to answer that. What I'd like to offer you
is that an offset is a little bit like a bottle redemption fee. When you go in
the store and buy a can of beer, a bottle of pop, whatever it is, and you're
stupid enough to throw it away, and somebody comes back and picks it up,
and they take it to the store, and they get five cents back, that's kind of like
what an offset really is. If you're stupid enough right now—we all are—to go
out and put methane or CO2 in the atmosphere and think it's not doing harm
to the world, we kind of get away for free, because we haven't paid the five
cents at the store. If we do offsets, if we increase the price, it's like
charging all of us a modest fee, five cents. I think it actually should be
much higher than that, but we're starting small here. You've already said
you're comfortable going up 10 cents a therm. It's like raising that bottle
fee from five cents to 10 cents. Some of us will get the message through
that price increase. This is the single most important thing that you can do
tonight. You put this in place; you raise the price on carbon emissions and
on methane emissions, and we will do less wasting because we'll be more
conscious about how we do it. I'm very sympathetic to what Bruce has said,
to what Bret said, to what others have said. Doing anything to increase
efficiency is fantastic. Let's not make the mistake of waiting for something
that's perfect before we start doing things that are good. This is particularly
true now, in the current national political climate. We've got to do things
here because there's not going to be much happening nationally over the
next few years. That's sad; it's unfortunate, but we have an opportunity
here. If you want to do something, do it now. Make it clear to the rest of
the world that we can raise the price of the emissions, we can take that
bottle fee from a nickel to a dime to a quarter. Maybe we should really be
taking it to $2 if we were being sensitive to these issues. We can do it over
time; we can do it as the market adapts; and we can do it as we get a better
sense of what we can spend money on. The other thing I'd like to point is
that some of the people who are speaking against Staff's recommendation
tonight, the clarified recommendation, are really attacking a straw man.
There's nothing in here that says this is going to be an offset-only program.
In fact, if you put up the slide of the clarified recommendation again, I just
was to read what it says. Direct Staff to—a bunch of other things—"e,"
consult with stakeholders on potential methods to fund alternatives to
offsets including methods involving voter approval. I think Staff is sensitive
enough and smart enough and creative enough and dedicated enough to
really tackle this problem. If they can find good ways to use money to
improve our greenhouse emissions program other than buying offsets, I
think Staff will come back to you very promptly with a great set of
recommendations. Thank you.


                                                                          Page 35 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
