                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Mr. Chair, could I ask one question before you do
that? How did we decide on the amount for a parking permit, the cost, for
the person who lives there? Not the worker, but for the resident, how did
we come up with $50?

Ms. Sullivan: The $50 fee for the low-income permit ...

Council Member Kniss:     No, I'm talking about resident permits, not low-
income.

Ms. Sullivan: The stakeholder group felt that everybody should have some
"skin in the game" so that we shouldn't charge nothing, but it shouldn't be
an unreasonably big number. That's the number that ...

Council Member Kniss: Thanks, for that reminder. It was the stakeholder
group input?

Ms. Sullivan: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you, Mr. Chair.

Council Member Schmid: A couple of quick comments, questions. I agree
with Eric, it's time and we should be very sensitive about meeting the dates
that we have committed to. I'm concerned the big question tonight is how
many permits, how much need is there for workers Downtown to be out in
the neighborhoods. I am very concerned historically with the University
Avenue Parking Assessment District.         They're claiming 9,148 parking
permits. Every time we have a new project come, they say, "We have X
number of guaranteed places," but there are no places in the garages or
anything. The Parking Assessment District did build 700 spaces in garages,
but then they claim 9,150 spaces. That's an imbalance. I guess I would like
to have those numbers clear as we move forward. Do they have a right to
those or is that in Council discretion? Point number two that's a fuzzy issue
is the TMA. We are being asked to put a lot of confidence that the TMA will
be effective. I'm concerned that it's a private, not-for-profit with no public
oversight, that it could play the role of the Downtown Parking Assessment
District with no information available to Council or the public. I think it's
essential. You mentioned coming back March 14th. I certainly will look
forward to that, to having a discussion of what public participation there
should be in setting goals, standards, funding, and penalties.            I'm
sympathetic to the school that has been there traditionally. It's the only
school inside the district. I am concerned about there being a check-in date
with the Council before a year from August. I think we should have a period
of time where information is available to the Council on the Phase Twoand

                                                                        Page 46 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
