                          TRANSCRIPT
will be educational and helpful to all of us. The Council could, as indicated in
that slide, also direct Staff to proceed with additional steps, amending the IR
Guidelines to address single-story homes and/or amending our regulatory
structure in some way to offer greater protections than are currently offered.
The action that we're asking this evening does not really preclude that.
Maybe I'll pass it to Matt.

Mr. Weintraub: Thank you. Your first question, Mayor Burt—thank you very
much for the questions—rules versus guidelines. These are guidelines in
that they are recommendations to whoever is making a decision, whether
it's the owner, whether it's an architect, whether it's an application before
City Staff, or whether it's an application before the Historic Resources Board.
It's a recommendation to that body. It's even a recommendation in some
cases for work that doesn't even require Planning review, that's just building
permits. In some cases, even just landscaping work. We want the owners
of the homes in Professorville to understand and to be educated in what is
most compliant with the Secretary of the Interior Standards. In other
words, what is most preservation friendly for the District.            They are
recommendations. Do the Guidelines have teeth? I would say, yes, they
have some teeth. I think the Council is debating right now how much teeth
they should have. The fact is the Guidelines don't bite. They may have
teeth, but they don't bite. An Ordinance is what does the biting. They're
really two separate things. In terms of how the Guidelines will actually be
used, they would be used in whichever procedural process that they're
involved in, whether it's an owner's design process with his or her architect
or whether it's City Staff and the Historic Resources Board reviewing a
project for consistency with the Secretary of the Interior Standards and with
the Review Standards and the Ordinance. It would be a tool for that.
Second question was relationship to the Secretary of the Interior Standards.
It is directly related to the Secretary of the Interior Standards. It's based on
and consistent with the Secretary of the Interior Standards for
Rehabilitation.     That is a requirement.      That's an absolute underlying
requirement. It's encoded in California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) if
the Guidelines were adopted by the Council. Not only that, it's part of the
CLG grant requirement that this project be consistent with the Secretary of
the Interior Standards. Office of Historic Preservation (OHP) would not
accept a work product that isn't consistent with those Standards. What
consultant staff pointed out earlier was that the Secretary of the Interior
Standards for Rehabilitation are really ten very short statements that are
actually very broad and conceptual. They're meant to apply to many, many
different types of properties. What we have in Professorville are distinct
types of properties and distinct types of landscapes that deserve more
accurate or I should say more lengthy advice than what is provided in those
very basic Standards. What is provided in the Design Guidelines is really an
                                                                         Page 72 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
