                         TRANSCRIPT
accomplished through various means including but not to limited to. Would
it be helpful if we even just added "and" at the end of each one of those? Is
this looked at now as a pick-and-choose, this-or-that, the most of these?
How is this viewed? I pointed to "B2" in particular because that's the one I
think we really don't adhere to. It doesn't seem clear to me that—maybe it
does Staff. We're looking to have a document or documents that are clear
to any passerby and not just reliant on the current Staff, current ARB
members. Is this looked at as a pick-and-choose or the majority of or do we
need to have "and" there to make this clear that it's for all of these?

Mr. Lait: Again, I think it's appropriate for us, at some point in the near
future, to take a look at the Context Based Design Criteria. As far as how
we evaluate it today, we do not look at this as a menu that you can choose
from. It's to include all of these criteria, but not be limited to them.

Council Member Holman: I think those are my questions. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First, I wanted to thank Alexander Lew, a member
of our ARB, for coming tonight. Thank you. I actually have kind of
administrative questions. The report referred to the Minutes of the ARB.
The question is how does the public find the Minutes. I've been searching on
our website, and ARB Minutes don't appear to come up. You don't need to
answer; I guess the Clerk could figure that one out. I'm glad the links are
here; I went to the links. When did we—I thought with our Commissions
and Boards we had lengthier Minutes. These were kind of very short sense
Minutes. Did we change that at some point?

Mr. Lait: What I'm understanding from Amy is that we do short Minutes, the
Action Minutes, unless it's an item that's getting appealed to the Council,
and then we will ask for those Minutes to be transcribed.

Council Member DuBois:        I think particularly with our Boards and
Commissions, I find the discussion to be the most helpful thing. I would just
ask if we can get more detail. I think most of the time from the Planning
and Transportation Commission (PTC) we get pretty much verbatim Minutes.
In this case, we had links and the Minutes were like a page each. It would
have been great to just have them in the report. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I had the exact same question. I followed the
links to the Minutes and found out that the discussion on this item was
shorter than was in the current Staff Report, less than a paragraph. One of
                                                                       Page 12 of 78
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/11/16
