                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: One quick question. Slide 3 talked about how the
base component of $7.48 a month is going towards ongoing non-capital
expenditures for engineering, maintenance and storm water quality staffing
and expenses, and then there's an infrastructure component. On Page 2 of
the Staff Report—it doesn't have a Packet Page number because it was a
follow-on item—says after adjusting the proposal to reflect the fiscal year
2017 adopted budget, etc., the cost of ongoing staffing and programs have
been increased, leaving less funding for the proposed new storm water
management endeavors. Were we locked into the total amount? Was it not
possible to just increase the amount of the base component to address the
increased staffing costs? It seems like we've taken away a little bit from the
capital improvement projects due to the increased staffing costs.

Mr. Teresi: Good evening, I'm Joe Teresi, Senior Engineer, Public Works.
When we met with the Committee, we had slightly different budget numbers
that we were working with. Over the course of updating those budget
numbers, we realized that more of the funding had to be applied towards
this long-term ongoing cost and a little bit less towards the projects. It's a
change from what the Blue Ribbon Committee originally saw, but it's in the
same spirit.

Council Member Berman: I just can't remember exactly what we've done
when. Was it too late at that point to just increase the amount of the base
component fee or was that discussed?

Mr. Teresi: We talked with the group about the idea of raising the total fee
from $13.65, but they were pretty set on that amount. They didn't want to
increase that. We just had to increase the balance between the two
components.

Council Member Berman: The conversation was had.

Mr. Teresi: Yeah. The fear was if the fee was too high, it would be harder
to pass.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a follow-up on the same issue. I was struck
with the Table on Attachment B. The original proposal had half the funding
going to Staff and maintenance and half going to capital improvements. All
of a sudden, between the last meeting and this meeting, there is a
substantial shift of where the funds go. You now are proposing 56 percent
of the funds to go to staffing. As I recall, we increased total costs of Staff on
                                                                          Page 15 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
