                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: What you've said here is to evaluate feasibility. If
that's what you mean, this says to Staff take a look at this and tell us what
are the issues here and is this something we can do or is there something
that's going to get in our way for months or years. Is that correct?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That is correct.

Council Member Kniss: I think in that case then, I can just accept them all.
If we're just looking at evaluating feasibility, that's fine. If the Staff falls
over in a dead faint, that's going to make me concerned. Big difference
between that and saying let's accomplish it tonight.

Mr. Keene: No, no. I was joking about the bike plan. If the idea was we
were really driving towards some—this is an iterative conversation with the
Council is the approach I'm hearing put forward, for us to come back and
say—I'm sorry about it this way—your move, okay, here's our move back.
This is some of the information about what's involved and what does it take.
The complicating issue is, is that enough for you all tonight or will there also
be more that you're going to put on that list. I really think this is one of
those areas where we need to show that the Council direction is tentative in
the sense of asking us to be able to come back and flesh out this more, so
we can come back and have a more informed discussion, tell you the
implications of some things. I was just running some—how many units do
you want to do for affordable? It doesn't take that long to figure out we're
talking billions of dollars if we have a target of 3,000 housing units that
could be affordable versus—there's a lot of things we can do to just sort of
put more meat on the bone about the options or what the implications are
for some of these things.

Mayor Burt:    Council Member DuBois, both has a question and he's the
seconder.

Council Member DuBois: It was actually some potential amendments. The
first was really getting to this idea of the Comp Plan versus this. Amend that
first sentence to say "to evaluate feasibility of these changes in the nearer
term as pilot programs for the Comp Plan." I think that's the context you're
really suggesting.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not suggesting it for "A." I'm suggesting it for "B."
I'm not sure it's a pilot program to move from San Antonio Road to
California Avenue or more bike storage Downtown. I think it would be "B."

Council Member DuBois: Just for "B." Okay. That's fine. For "B," I wanted
to see if you'd accept an Amendment at the end there to evaluate a new
mixed use definition of residential and retail.
                                                                        Page 103 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
