                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: That's fine.

Mayor Burt: Welcome.

Mr. Xiong: Thank you, Mayor. Thank you for your question, Councilwoman
Holman. Your question is can the Staff condition the fourth unit to be built
together with the main house on Lot Number 3. I do not understand exactly
the Zoning Code whether or not there's such a Code requirement. From the
owner/developer standpoint, I will be happy to take that as a condition of
approval as passed to the final inspection. I am actually living nearby, not
too far away to the property. For now, it's not really as a developer who's
going to not working with the neighbor. I'm in the neighborhood, two blocks
away. For now, the intention is I consider—for now my plan is to use the
third lot for myself, the house.      I don't have no problem from my
perspective. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Go ahead. Let's try to focus on …

Council Member Holman: Given that, would the—the applicant has agreed
to that. Would we add as a—the maker and seconder of the Motion agree to
adding the requirement that a fourth living unit would be added? In other
words, a second unit on Lot 3. The owner's already said he would agree to
that.

Mayor Burt: Is that what we just heard?

Council Member Holman: That's what I understood.

Mr. Lait: I heard a second unit on Lot 3.

Mayor Burt: On Lot 3. I thought you said all three.

Council Member Holman: No, on Lot 3.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes. If the applicant agrees. I just wanted the
applicant to clearly state that we're going to then require it. I'm fine with it.

Council Member Holman: Seconder? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: That's accepted by the maker and the seconder.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “including the addition of a
requirement that a second unit be built on Lot 3.” (New Part B.i.)



                                                                           Page 31 of 56
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/14/16
