                         TRANSCRIPT
1978, she opened what they ended up calling 3EP Press with partners Mary
Margaret Anderson—many of you know her—and Joseph Goldyne where she
worked with artists such as Nathan Oliveira and Frank Lobdell. In 1984, she
became the sole owner of the press and renamed it Smith Anderson,
relocating to its present location on Pepper Avenue in Palo Alto. For more
than three decades in a modest building on a residential street, Paula
worked to provide extraordinary opportunities for artists to experience
monotype printing at the press, developing an impressive roster of additions
from artists of national and international acclaim, Bruce Conner, Enrique
Chagoya, Sam Francis, George Herms, Ed Moses, Miriam Shapiro and so
many more. Paula also maintained an independent consultancy and, in that
capacity, helped to support the careers of artists including Bruce Conner,
working to organize the exhibition and publication of 2000 BC: The Bruce
Conner Story, Part II at the de Young Museum and at the Walker Art Center,
which remains—says Karen—one of the very best exhibitions I've ever seen
in my entire career. Paula was involved at the Art Center as a longtime
contributor and also participated in some of our early campaign capital
leadership. She served on the Public Art Commission, contributed and
facilitated the contribution of more than 30 works of art to the Art in Public
Places collection of the City of Palo Alto. The Art Center featured works of
art from Smith Anderson Exhibitions in several exhibitions, including one in
1992 and the exhibition For the Love of It in 2004 that showcased her legacy
through more than 50 prints from more than 27 local collectors. The picture
below—which I will try to pull up—is from the opening and features former
Smith Anderson staff member Whit Loy [phonetic[ and former Art Center
curator Signe Mayfield on the left with Paula and former Art Director Linda
Craighead [phonetic] on the right.          We also worked on numerous
collaborations with Paula over the years, most recently in our artist
residency with Ehren Tool, during which Ehren created his first monoprint
series at Smith Anderson using paper created from military uniforms. She
goes on to describe the wonderful time she had working with Paula, all the
things that they did together, all the emerging young artists and so forth
including a man I don't know, Joseph Zirker, who has printed at the press.
She was a force, tenacious, passionate, deeply committed to her work and
to her community, a fierce belief in karma and maintained a deep and
expansive spiritual practice. She goes on to describe that, her beautiful
jewelry, her exquisite dressing and you'll want to know she loved to gamble
in Reno and Vegas. She worked to create, as they said, a vital community
of friends and so forth. We understand she passed away peacefully. We
have offered the Art Center as a location for the memorial, but I know the
family is looking forward to doing a large event at Santa Clara University
next year. We'll keep you posted. With that, I'd like to ask Karen Holman
to say something very significant about her involvement with us as a City.

                                                                        Page 77 of 78
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/11/16
