                          TRANSCRIPT
Packet Page 232. We believe that was clear from the Council that you
wanted to strike in Finding 2(b) the word "local" after "historic." Our
recommendation would be that your Motion include striking that word, again
in Finding 2(b). Also, if I can get some support from the City Clerk's desk
over here on an adjustment to Finding Number 5. I want to apologize to
Mayor Burt. I know this was a finding that you were particularly interested
in. I think we inadvertently left on some language that we had intended to
strike. The writing on the screen is what we are proposing the Ordinance
that's in your Packet, again on Packet Page 232, be modified to reflect the
City Council's direction at our last meeting. We are striking out "when
feasible" and "preferably California natives," and we're adding that other
text above.

Council Member Schmid: Could you show the previous (inaudible)?

Mr. Lait: The previous wording is on Page 232 of your Packet. It is Finding
Number 5. The only change between Page 232 and what we're proposing
here is the red strikeout on the screen behind you and maybe in front of
you. The red strikeout is the only change that we're proposing on Finding 5.
The rest of it reflects the Council's direction. With that, I'm happy to answer
any questions.

Mayor Burt: Just to clarify. I think the context of the conversation and the
impact of this language is that we're not talking about plants that are
indigenous to the California/Mexico border. It's our regional plants. We'll
now move to the Council for any technical questions.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have a technical question.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In the Staff Report, it says that 2(c) is redundant and
refers us to Attachment C. Maybe you could explain to us if that's true and
if it's totally redundant or if there's any actually difference or if we should
just strike it.

Mr. Lait: On Packet Page 238, we have an excerpt of the Context Based
Design Criteria. This is something that would be applied to any Downtown
project or any California Avenue project.          Under A(2)(b), there's "the
compatibility goals may be accomplished through various means including
but not limited to," and it lists the different romanette standards. You'll see
two of them in there that are the same language that we have under our
proposed new finding of 2(c)(i) and (ii). In addition to these ARB findings,
the Staff also needs to make the context-based findings, which are another
50-some-odd standards when we're reviewing these things. To that extent,
                                                                         Page 41 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
