                          TRANSCRIPT
There wasn't really a discussion about that. Again, it would be good to know
that we're using the same assumptions for the Comp. Plan and that things
tie together. Also, what would be the benefit in terms of sustainability if we
grew more slowly? Another question on the idea of parking. There is this
concept that we're 2,000 spots behind just today's usage. I think it would
be good to have a good understanding of office worker usage versus retail
and kind of how the density of office use impacts greenhouse gas. It may
be that that's even a bigger lever than charging for parking. We're going to
have detailed discussions, I think, about the parking garage and the paying
for parking. How high would fees have to be to actually have an impact on
greenhouse gas? The fourth question I had was—actually it wasn't really a
question. It was more of a comment. You had those charts on Pages 17
and 18 that showed the greenhouse reductions and then the estimated cost
or benefit. It'd be great to kind of have that combined in a single kind of
Return on Investment (ROI) chart with similar units. It was kind of hard to
combine just looking at them, because they're measured differently. There's
four questions, carbon neutral offsets, assumptions on growth, how do we
price differentiate on parking, and then data on the ROI. I'll just to go my
comments if I could.

Mayor Burt: Did you want those questions answered tonight or are those
questions you want out there for future consideration?

Council Member DuBois: Those are the four for tonight. I'm sorry?

Mr. Keene: (Inaudible).

Council Member DuBois: (Crosstalk) my comments.

Mr. Keene: I think there's some of them that are really embedded in even
more detailed data.

Mr. Friend: On the offsets I would direct you to Utilities who are managing
that program of purchased the Renewable Energy Certificates (REC), the
renewable energy credits, that we use there with some rigor on quality. The
fact that the offsets are 49 percent this year—I think they were 25 or 30
percent last year—is a reflection of the drought and the diminished
hydroelectric supply which is a long-term future concern for our Carbon
Neutral Electricity Program. The new idea that we're introducing there is the
possibility—this is an innovation, no one's done it before—of local offsets,
buying offsets that would be invested in greenhouse gas reductions here.
There are legal and policy issues to be explored there. The experts that I've
talked with think that is an option worth pursuing. Both ensuring quality but
also direct impact locally from those. The population assumptions, I'll turn
to Betty to tell us what those are, because I don't have them in my head.
                                                                       Page 86 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
