                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Study Session

1.   FY 2016 Performance Report and National Citizen Survey (Continued
     From January 25, 2016).

Mayor Burt: On that note, we can now proceed to the Performance Report
and National Citizen Survey that is from our fiscal year of 2016.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor: 2015.

Mayor Burt: Excuse me. It's noted here. I was wondering on that. 2015.
Harriet, would you like to kick it off?

Ms. Richardson: Sure, thank you. Good morning, Mayor Burt and members
of the Council. Harriet Richardson, City Auditor, here to present the 2015
Performance Report, National Citizen Survey and Citizen Centric Report.
This next slide is primarily to make sure you know which report is which.

Mayor Burt: Harriet, since we're going to have our backs to it, if you could
cite the slide numbers as you flip to them.

Ms. Richardson: This is Slide Number 2. I do have a couple of corrections
as I go through the slides. They're correct on what's showing up on the
screen. For the benefit of all of you and what you have printed, I will point
those out so you can mark up your copy of the slides if you'd like. Just in
the interest of time, I have a slide, Slide 3, on the purpose of the reports
and Slides 4, 5 and 6 on the methodologies that I'm going to skip over this
morning and get right into kind of the meat of the presentation. One of the
things I'm trying to do in this presentation today is different than what I've
done in the past. In the past, we essentially took numbers out of the report
and just put them in a slide presentation. I'm assuming that most of you
have gone through those and seen those numbers already. Today what I'm
trying to do is show a relationship between the different reports and how the
numbers in one relate to the numbers in another. I think that's a more
useful way of interpreting what these results might mean. Of course, with
the Citizen Survey, we don't know exactly what's on people's minds when
they give their opinions. To some extent, we're making some assumptions
there. On Slide 7, the format of the Performance Report, we maintained the
same things that we did last year.          Stewardship, public service and
community was some things. The National Citizen Survey has eight facets.
Within those facets, I tried to put the data that we have from the
Performance Report into that, which is how you'll see I'll go through this
when I present the report. This year, we asked 11 custom questions in the
                                                                          Page 3 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
