                          TRANSCRIPT
measure the performance. I did look at the Stanford report on their TMA
and the medical situation. I really think we could learn a lot from this
example. This was a single landowner with a Development Agreement with
real penalties if they didn't make it. They invested a lot of money. When
you look at it, it took them 20 years to get a 12 percent change in behavior.
We're saying we're going to get a 30 percent change in behavior in 3-5
years. I'd love for us to get there; I'm a little concerned that we're building
these assumptions into things like the Comp Plan without proving that we
can do it. It's a big effort, and that is a huge change. The other thing I
would say to you is when you come back next year, there's some things in
the contract about reports to Council. I'd really like to see quantitative
reports, again really focusing on a percent change in SOV that would let us
understand if this is really working or not working. There's two places in the
contract—if my colleagues agree with me, maybe somebody could make a
motion. Page 709, there's some vague kind of reporting requirements. I'd
like to see those include performance monitoring towards achieving the SOV
reduction. On Page 711, it says that we may see the Board include a
resident representative and a City representative.        I think we should,
especially in these early years. Rather than "may," I'd like to see it say
"will." Those are my comments.

Mayor Burt: Those are comments. If you want to make a Motion, you've got
to make a Motion.

Council Member DuBois: I'd like to see if other people agree with me.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, thank you very much to Staff and the TMA
staff and membership that are here as well as the members of the public for
coming to speak. I'm pretty supportive of most of the comments I've heard.
At some point, I'll want to hear DuBois maybe clarify—I didn't quite catch
the second thing he mentioned. I'm open to considering his suggestions. I
don't have a strong feeling one way or another right now. I've got just a
few points I want to make, and I'll try and make them very quickly because
of the hour. First, I think it's important to note in the ongoing discussion
about should we build a parking garage Downtown to add greater supply or
should we fund the TMA, I don't think they're mutually exclusive. I just
wanted to say that. However we decide to move forward with either or
both, I don't think it has to be an either/or choice. Secondly, I think it's
important that we really talk about and start talking very quickly about
where do we get the funds to close the gap between what we're approving
tonight and what the TMA needs to achieve either the three year or the five
year proposals that are listed here. Just a quick question before I continue.

                                                                            Page 78 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
