                          TRANSCRIPT
many birds are actually flying during that midnight hour. Maybe, Shani, you
could saying something.

Shani Kleinhaus: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss:     The migration.    I think she said it.    She's talking
about migration.

Mr. Lait: I think when the applicant has a chance to speak, you'll hear that
that's probably not an issue for them to dim the lights.

Council Member Kniss: That's one I'd like to see us follow up on. With that,
I'll wait to hear about the FAR, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: Is the Staff ready to respond in any way?

Mr. Lait: It sounds like we've got some partial information. You want to go
ahead and speak to what you know?

Mr. Ah Sing: (inaudible) Number 3, that was one of the kind of low-hanging
fruit that we could take. I think there the commenter is speaking to that on
the first floor there is a drive. This is people coming in probably from
Bayshore Road. They would park there, and then talk to a service attendant
inside the building. A service person would take that car into the building
and elevator up to the third floor for service. I think we had looked at that
as just your customer parking area; therefore, it was excluded from the FAR
requirements.

Council Member Burt: Can you address the literal wording in the Municipal
Code that's cited there?

Mr. Lait: It talks about in nonresidential, multifamily exclusions for all these
zones, gross floor area shall not include the following: roofed arcades,
plazas, walkways, porches, breezeways, porticos, similar features, not
substantially enclosed by exterior walls and courts at or near street level.

Mayor Burt: No. We can jump forward to what Mr. Levinsky quoted. It
says that Muni Code Section 18.040.030(A)(7) includes as FAR permanently
roofed but either partially enclosed or unenclosed building features used for
sales, service, display, storage or similar uses.

Mr. Lait: I'll speak to that. The other section I was speaking to was in "B."
There's another section that's not included in the letter, that speaks about
areas that are excluded. Just to conclude that half sentence that I was in
the middle of, it says when accessible to the general public and not devoted
to sales, service, display, storage or similar uses. When we looked at the
                                                                           Page 103 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
