                          TRANSCRIPT
their card forward at this time. We'll be cutting off submission of speaker
cards momentarily. Just so everyone can prepare. Because of the large
number of cards, we will be limiting comments to two minutes for each
speaker. We have even more cards. You're not obligated to even take the
full two minutes, because we're looking at probably in the neighborhood of
an hour just for the public comments. We had budgeted an hour and a half
for the item. That doesn't look like it's going to be very promising, if we're
looking for substantive questions and comments by the Council. Just to
make everyone aware of that reality for ourselves. We have, I think, four
members of the CAC here. You have approximately 10 minutes amongst the
four of you, if you would like to orchestrate how you'd like to do your
comments.

Ms. Gitelman: While they're getting assembled, I should say the Committee
is doing fantastic work. They started their discussion of the Land Use
Element at the last meeting, and they'll continue it in April. It's, as you can
imagine, a very robust conversation. A lot of different opinions, but also a
lot of similar opinions.

Elaine Uang, CAC Member: Should we begin?

Mayor Burt: Yes, go right ahead.

Ms. Uang: The four of us are-I'm Elaine Uang.

Julia Moran, CAC Member: Julia Moran.

Doria Summa, CAC Member: Doria Summa.

Lydia Kou, CAC Member: Lydia Kou.

Ms. Uang: We're here just to kind of give you a sampling of some of the
thoughts that the CAC as a body, points of agreement, areas of differences.
We just are trying to represent the totality of some of the discussions that
have been happening. Just want to share a few thoughts with respect to the
items that are on this packet. First, with respect to small units, I think
there's some broad consensus that the best place for small units is in the C
zones in mixed use buildings with retail on ground floor and some or no
commercial office space. There's some sense that increasing density limits
can assist with the creation of smaller units. Some CAC members have
expressed support for increasing the density limits or maybe even having no
density limits. Adjusting parking ratios, but not abolishing them. For
example, one car per unit or maybe even a little bit less. Coupled with car
sharing or other incentives to reduce parking demand and car trips. Others
definitely felt too that increasing density limits could be explored, but only
                                                                        Page 52 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
