                           TRANSCRIPT
I actually don't think that's a good process either. I really do think I would
like to encourage Staff—I know it takes a while and we've asked for it—to
come up with a plan where we—what Council Member Berman was talking
about. You have some sort of ballot where people talk about it, and that's
the ballot that counts so it's not a matter of shifting or not shifting support,
and that's the ballot we use or some process like that that seems fair and
that we use the natural boundaries of the tract, and it's not a matter of
seven homes over here don't want to do it, 12 do. I'm just uncomfortable
with that process. I think we want a fair process that's transparent, open
like we strive to do in the City. This doesn't really feel like this. It feels like
it shifts depending on how we can sort of make it work. Therefore, I can't
support this at this time.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Let me ask Ms. French a question while I second the
Motion. What do we have to do to change this process? I feel like it's déjà
vu back to Royal Manor again. I'm really troubled that one of the audience
spoke to the fact that she didn't know she was in Faircourt. This process is
not only broken, but we're having people kind of fall out along the wayside.
I think that's troubling. Ross Road said tonight very clearly that they want
out of this, without question. The applicants have very kindly said they
would let them out of it. I think we've gone down this road before. As I
said, it feels very déjà vu back to Royal Manor. If we don't fix this, this is
going to come back to us again. Do you need a referral from us? Do you
need this request in public? What will it take?

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member Kniss. I believe that the Council's
already given Staff direction to update and take a look at the SSO process.
Right now it's just a matter of where that gets plugged into the other work
items that we have. I don't believe there's any other pending applications
for SSOs?

Ms. French: No. I know there are some out there that are watching the
ones that have come through and waiting.

Mr. Lait:    I think part of the public dialog is informing other future
applications.

Council Member Kniss: Until there's a real City-owned process, I think we're
going to go through just what Marc said tonight. We're going to keep
chewing on it and people will visit their neighbors again to get another
change. That's really awkward. It's awkward for the neighborhood as well.
I spent some time in that neighborhood, a couple of hours on Sunday. Ross
Road is quite differentiated from the rest of the tract. I spent a lot of time
                                                                           Page 63 of 104
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/4/16
