                          TRANSCRIPT
do have a precedent at Alma Place. It is different in that it's micro units for
low income workers, but it also has similarities. These types of projects
have been going in, in other cities. This is a future trend. One of my real
concerns is that, as a number of colleagues have alluded to, we have
actually a transformation that's occurring in transportation. We're at the
early stage of probably the biggest transformation in transportation in over
50 years. It's through a series of measures. Most of us haven't really
witnessed it yet, so we don't really trust it. We don't really believe in it, but
it's happening. We just had last Friday Ford Motor Company announce two
acquisitions, a bike share program and a shared shuttle system. Ford Motor
Company says they're not any longer basically purely a car company.
They're a mobility company.         They are looking at autonomous shared
vehicles, shared bikes. They're going into electric bikes. This is Ford. If
we're skeptical about these changes because we really haven't seen all these
happen yet, that's understandable. We have to do a better job as a City to
be able to demonstrate where these things are headed and help our
community believe that they're real. The good thing about this project is it's
not being proposed on faith. These measures on the Transportation Demand
Management programs and the prospective deed restrictions, which are
about vicinity of where you may work for a certain percentage of
employees—I heard about a preference for City employees. These are not
discriminatory in the ways that we prohibit. My understanding is they're not
for all units. It's for a certain percentage of the units. You put all those
things together and the mandates on the Transportation Demand
Management program, and what we actually get is something that not only
helps incentivize the right sort of more obtainable housing but it reduces the
traffic impacts. When one of my colleagues says that they see a traffic
problem at this intersection and what they'd like to see is more parking on
the project, that necessarily means higher traffic from this project if we have
more parking and less in these TDM measures that reduce the trips. It was
pointed out that Caltrain is moving forward with their $2 billion
electrification, which is scheduled to come online in 2020, 2011. That's not
very far apart. That will be transformative for the Cal. Ave. station. Right
now, the Cal. Ave. station has bad service and infrequent service. The
entire Caltrain system will go up, more than double in its capacity. Cal. Ave.
will have about triple or more the number of train stops. The whole system
will operate more efficiently and be more attractive. That's a backbone
system for our transportation. It's not the totality; we have all of the other
elements that are occurring in what we're going to see in transportation in
the coming years. Council Member Holman talked about concern about air
pollution at this location. We've already addressed and we see the trends
that the conversion to clean, electric vehicles powered by 100 percent
carbon free energy in Palo Alto is not 20 years away. We're having large-
scale changes in that right now, that are escalating each year. These
                                                                         Page 45 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
