  2016 STATE OF THE CITY ADDRESS

the primary reason that we’re going to have a rate increase in our electricity
this coming year for the first time in six years. But we also get our water
from the Hetch Hetchy water system. It’s some of the best and most
expensive water available and that even though it stood up better in the
drought than almost any other water system in the state we were mandated
to have the same sort of water reduction as other cities and frankly Palo Alto
had some of the highest achievement in water reduction on a percentage
basis in the state. So the community really deserves a great deal of credit
for that, but these problems aren’t going to go away.

As I mentioned before the predictions of climate change are sea level rise on
our Baylands, which we have many of our properties that are barely above
sea level and when we have storms whether they be the creek flooding
storms or from rising sea level what happens is we have a convergence the
water coming downhill and storm surges that come in the Bay. And so when
that happens with a high tide we are in trouble in the future unless we
address this. So we’re going to have to have climate adaptation, but it also
goes to how we can address this and have a sustainable water supply as the
ability to store water in the Sierra becomes less or more problematic and a
whole myriad of things.

So this picture you can recognize Council Member DuBois here, but this is
down at San Jose’s new water, advanced water recycling plant that is
producing water significantly cleaner than what they get out of their taps.
And in the coming years this is going to likely be blended with their regular
water initially using it for irrigation, but it’s ultra-pure water. This whole
facility which is what, three times the size of what we can see in this
picture? More than that, quadruple the size of what we see in this picture
has two employees on Staff. Now they have to have two at any given time
for safety reasons. I think they are mostly playing cards because this whole
thing is just automated. And the cost, the energy cost for water purification
is dropping drastically and for us that energy is now carbon neutral
electricity.

So think about a future of a sustainable water supply where we could
conceivably recycle to pure water in the range of 30 percent of our water
using clean energy to power that and the numbers look like they’re lower
cost than what we’re currently paying for Hetch Hetchy water because it’s
tripled on us. In recent years as the whole Hetch Hetchy system 100 years
old had to be rebuilt from start to finish and upgraded for seismic reasons
and that’s why our water bills have been going up so much. So that’s
another vision for the future that is not as dire, but it won’t come easily. But
                                                                            Page 15 of 18
                                                                State of the City Address
                                                                                  2/24/16
