                          TRANSCRIPT
Counties. Our Staff is working with our consultants to analyze the report.
Additionally, you may have heard that Joe Simitian was selected to be Chair
of the Select Committee addressing the issue. Of course, as we know, our
own Vice Mayor Greg Scharff was appointed to be an alternate to that
Committee. We will provide some further details as we've had a chance to
look at the report.       We have posted the study to our website at
cityofpaloalto.org/airplanenoise. Lastly, I would say that as a part of sort of
continuing adjustments to our Track Watch program the City has interceded
and moved and installed five portable toilets at the four crossings we have in
the City and at the Cal. Avenue station where we have guards to address the
concerns and the rightful concerns about the absence at times of track
guards for those needed breaks. I would say that all guards have been
instructed to not leave during any period of time when there is a on the train
schedule or a train passing. Those are now installed. If you hear about
them or get comments about them, that's the reason they're there. That's
all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: I'll wait and ask this question when we have Consent Calendar.
I have something before me.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. This is for members of
the public to speak on items that are not otherwise on the Agenda. We have
four speaker cards, and we will be closing speaker card submittals. Our first
speaker is Kerry Yarkin, to be followed by Herb Borock. Welcome.

Kerry Yarkin: Good evening, Mayor, City Council Members and James
Keene. I'm glad that he brought up the FAA feasibility study. I'm doing kind
of like a work session now with you. I just wrote up some comments called
"The Unfriendly Skies." I've spoken to you before about the intolerable
noise from hundreds of jets converging over my home and neighborhood in
Midtown. When did it become acceptable that many of us cannot go outside
of our beautiful homes to enjoy the peace and quiet? Many of us cannot
work in our homes anymore. When did it become the norm that daily walks
through Midtown are now a dumping ground for rumbling jets every 2-3
minutes? Is it acceptable that some of us feel that we are prisoners in our
own homes due to the noise levels? The noise corridor has very obviously
been shifted from San Mateo County to Palo Alto. I know some people will
disagree with that, but the data will prove that. You're going to also, I hope,
get involved with the FAA feasibility study when we come forth with our
proposal. I've noticed a lot of changes lately with what the Air (inaudible) is
doing with the flight patterns over my home and in Midtown in general.
Firstly, I wanted you all to see—I ran this off of the three main routes that

                                                                        Page 27 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
