                          TRANSCRIPT
requirements with respect to either answer. I don't know what their
agreements or commitments are with their employees. Thinking out loud, I
think the City could provide that if individual employees are purchasing the
permits, they would be eligible for a low-wage worker rate, and if the District
as an employer purchased them, that the standard rate would apply. I think
you could make that rule in terms of pricing the permits. Whether it's one
or the other is not something that's subject to the City's regulation. It's
between the District and its employees.

Council Member Wolbach: Just looking at what this says, this seems to
address only an employee coming to the City saying, "I work at Addison,
and I want to get a low-income worker." I'm okay with that. I'm not so
ready to jump to the level of Palo Alto Unified comes to us and says, "We
want to buy an unlimited number of passes, and they're all going to be
discounted."

Council Member Schmid: Do you want to make a Motion?

Council Member Wolbach: I just want to make sure that we're really clear
about that. Reading the text here, it seems clear, but it's different from
what I heard people discussing earlier.

Ms. Stump: My understanding is from the—the Planning Director had to
step out. We have another concurrent meeting. My supposition is that she
was taking the Council's direction to mean that permits for those employees
regardless of who purchased them would be at the low-income rate. Now
I'm hearing a different direction from Council which is also fine. We'll just
have to be clear so that we draft it correctly.

Council Member Kniss: I think that your point is (inaudible).

Council Member Wolbach:      Do we need to add something here to provide
(crosstalk)?

Ms. Stump: If you all nod and give us the direction that that's how you wish
the rule to be, we'll draft it that way.

Council Member Schmid:       Council Member Filseth is the maker of the
motion. Where are you?

Council Member Filseth: I think you're bringing up a rather interesting point
from a number of aspects. Are we giving a discount to the School District
because the School District buys the permits or are we giving a discount to
classroom aides who make $35,000 a year or something like that and can't
afford these permits? The larger thing you want to worry about, I think this
                                                                         Page 59 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
