                          TRANSCRIPT
First of all an update on the CDC, the Center for Disease Control, visit to our
City.    Last week we had a good meeting of the Project Safety Net
collaborative which, as you know, includes students, parents, community
organization leaders, educators, health providers, elected officials and City
representatives. The group got the opportunity to meet Mary Gloner, the
new Project Safety Net Director, as well as hear more specifics about the
upcoming Centers for Disease Control, what is called an Epi-Aid investigation
that will examine the matter of youth suicide in our community. The County
of Santa Clara Public Health Department is the lead regional agency as is the
practice when a federal agency such as the Center for Disease Control is
called in. Dr. Sara Cody who is the Health Officer and Director of Public
Health Department and Dr. Pam Stoddard who is the Director of Research
provided the context to the assembled folks last week about the history and
the purpose of the Epi-Aid which is essentially a model used for the
investigation of an urgent public health problem. We're currently in the
data-gathering stage. It will inform the work, and the CDC field team is
expected to be in our community for about two weeks starting mid-
February. We've been working closely with the School District and both
myself in my role of City Manager and Max McGee as the School
Superintendent have been actively involved with the community and mental
health organizations on this effort. We will be posting updates on the CDC
visit and other FAQs on the Project Safety website which is psnpaloalto.com.
So far we've gotten just about the right amount of rain and not storms that
have done damage this year. It is that time for the next phase of look at
our City storm drains themselves and per Council's previous direction, last
week I appointed an 11-member blue ribbon committee of Palo Alto citizens
to advise Council on the future of the City's storm drain program. The
committee consists of Palo Altans from across the community who have
varying interests and areas of expertise. They will meet regularly with our
Public Works and other Staff from February through mid-April to review the
current status of our storm drain program, study and prioritize future needs
and recommend a set of storm drain capital projects and programs for the
coming years along with a funding plan. The committee's recommendations
will be forwarded to Council in late spring 2016 for formal consideration. As
you know, the City's storm drain program is funded through user fees which
are collected on monthly utility bills, and then they're deposited in the Storm
Drainage Fund which is an Enterprise Fund independent of the City's General
Fund. Storm fees are subject to the provisions of State Proposition 218
which requires that new or increased property-related fees be approved by
local property owners, so a ballot measure would be in order. We will
continue to work with the committee, and I look forward to presenting their
recommendations to you in late spring for your consideration. Two other
things. Just a preliminary notice of utility rate increases in Fiscal Year 2017.
This week the Utilities Advisory Commission will review preliminary rate
                                                                         Page 20 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
