                          TRANSCRIPT
sure you can see this. This shows current use and allocation and demand
projections. Palo Alto, we're looking at 10 MGD 2040, and East Palo Alto's
looking at 3.5. This is a wonderful thing we can do. It's the right thing.
Thank you for, I hope, taking the next step. I'll leave this just in case
there's an opportunity for you to see them.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tess Byler, to be followed by
Bill Ross.

Tess Byler: Good evening. My name's Tess Byler. I'm a California
hydrogeologist. I've been talking with the City of East Palo Alto for at least
3 years now about the possibility of moving forward with such an action. I
just want to say that even though all of my friends are not hydrogeologists,
we live in Palo Alto. We all support this action. We think it's the right thing
to do. We hope that people will move forward with it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bill Ross to be followed by Sean Charpentier.

Bill Ross: Good evening. I'm a resident and ratepayer. If the last 5 1/2
years has taught people like me anything, it's that a water reallocation
agreement is extremely complex.            Assuming that the intent of the
Colleagues' Memo is to permanently transfer a specific amount of the City's
share of water to the City of East Palo Alto to allow the removal of the
moratorium on commercial development and particularly on affordable
housing, that is a project which is not otherwise exempt under CEQA. It
needs to be assessed properly. What that is, I don't know. If the goal is to
link this to affordable housing, I think that is going to be an agreement that
has to be reviewed, and I would recommend, by outside counsel. The well-
established rule is one legislative body can't bind the (inaudible) discretion
of another legislative body.       I assume what you're seeking is some
commitment of affordable housing. I think history has shown that that's
been difficult to achieve in East Palo Alto because of an initiative rent control
measure. I would historically make reference to the fact that one of the
largest losses of the Public Employees Retirements System (PERS) for a real
estate investment occurred in East Palo Alto. In any event, I think that
agreement has to be in a way that it's not assailable. I would also think that
it has to be related back to the Proposition 218 rate making proceeding that
you went through, because there wasn't any indication in that rate making
proceeding of a permanent transfer of water.            Finally, when you say
permanent, I think what you're talking about is 30-40 years.                Spot
purchases right now, the going rate is about $600 per acre foot, regardless
of whether it's spot or contract. That has to be integrated in to preserve the
structure of the rate-making capacity that you went through here. I hope
you understand that these references to process are something that would

                                                                          Page 73 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
