                          TRANSCRIPT
or does the FEIR come with a whole bunch of alternatives? It's not clear
(inaudible) single alternative. This is an open question I think the Council
needs to weigh in on, to give input to Staff on this process. I would
encourage you to think carefully about the schedule and who makes the
decision among the alternatives and when that's done. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Now we'll return to the Council. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I really appreciate the effort of Staff
and the CAC. You guys have really been working hard. We started this
conversation previously. I think we should use this meeting to maybe
provide some direction for revision. It's a really good cut, but there's some
places that could use some edits.        As people have said, it really is
interconnected with land use. I hope we have the opportunity to see both
Elements with edits before the final versions. The last time we talked about
a desire to see the changes, not necessarily track changes but to see the old
policy and the new policy. One example I wanted to point out is on Page
Page T37, Policy 3.3. It says no change.

Mayor Burt: What Packet Page did you say?

Council Member DuBois: It's Packet Page 424, Element Page T37. It says
avoid major increases in street capacity when constructing or modifying
roadways. No change. The previous one said unless necessary to remedy
severe traffic congestion. Seems like a pretty major change. I'd like to see
those words back in. I think the other really important factor in this Element
is there's a lot of talk about TDM. How do we measure and enforce and deal
with impacts? It's been mentioned that the introduction has expanded quite
a bit to 25 pages. There's 50 programs. I bring it up every time we have an
Element. I'd like to see a way to pare it down. I'd actually like to challenge
Staff to take it from 50 to 25 or give us a prioritized list. There's no way we
can fund 50 programs. The other thing that I'd like to see is how the six
scenarios impact the Element. There's no indication of how the growth
scenarios would impact the policies and programs.                 There's little
acknowledgement and few policies that talk about improving the flow of
automobiles. The Element says 98 percent of households own a car. Again,
I think we need to strike a balance. We need to be open to electric vehicles,
these point-to-point transportation networks, self-driving cars as Mayor Burt
said. I think this ignoring of our roadways and the flow of vehicles is
shortsighted. With autonomous vehicles, I think it's going to come back. At
the same time, we seem to be focused a lot on fixed-route transit. I think
next week we're eliminating one of our shuttle routes because we don't have
enough people using it, on Consent. Again, I'm a little bit concerned we're

                                                                        Page 101 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
