                          TRANSCRIPT
the two-way thing, then would we do it. I think that's probably the right
way to ask it. I think this is a lot of compromises that would detract from
people actually using what we've got here. I think Staff's done a yeoman's
job of trying to make it work. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I went back and looked at our report from last
November. It's a somewhat different take this time. I think last time Staff
and the Advisory Committee both suggested against this path. It still feels
really disjointed. I think Council Members have spoken to that. I too have a
lot of concerns about the zigzag trail versus the straight shot on Loma
Verde, also the financing, the feasibility. The price on Loma Verde is right in
the budget if we can use that grant. I would say I empathize with the
privacy concerns. I don't think it's just about fencing. I think some people
may like their view of the creek or across the creek to their neighbor's
house. It's about noise, and it's about people being right there in your
backyard and maybe not wanting to put up a high fence. I also think the
comment about what's going to happen on the pedestrian-only sections if we
have bike sections and ped sections. I'm sure the bikes are just going to go
through on the ped sections. A lot of the public comments echoed my
thinking. I don't think the plan makes sense. If it's viewed as a starter for
eventually doing the whole thing, it was $4.3 million for the whole thing, and
we've got to go through a church and a school and Winter Lodge. We have
that crossing on Middlefield in the middle of the block, which could be an
issue as well. This has got the most expensive option, the most issues.
Again, we seem to be, at least for me, a little bit unclear on the goals. Is
this a connector from the Bay to the Foothills? Is it a short, fun little path?
It still feels a little mixed. We compare that to Loma Verde. It's a straight
shot. I think at one point—were you saying that we could put speed bumps
at the end of driveways? I'm a little concerned about that.

Mr. Mello: No, no. I was suggesting that the path could be elevated to the
driveway, so it would actually slow down cyclists as they approach some of
the higher-volume or higher-conflict driveways.

Council Member DuBois: I think you also said we could potentially just
restripe Loma Verde, keep bikes on both sides on the proper sides of the
street, maybe use sharrows there. I think that makes total sense; we
should improve Loma Verde.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

                                                                        Page 50 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
