                          TRANSCRIPT
those revenues that we don't forecast. Our expenses are actually much
higher than we anticipate every year. It just seems that we're ratcheting up
those expenses, and we bail out by the revenues. That's okay as long as we
continue to approve new hotels or we raise a new tax or we do something
like that. At some point that strategy fails. It clearly fails in a recession. It
failed in the last recession in a really big way. I am just thinking that
tonight we're supposed to be talking about the Long Range Forecast. I
assume the purpose of that is to ask ourselves should we be doing anything
differently, should we be thinking in a different way, and what actually
makes the City work. I think part of that is we keep coming up with new
revenue sources. Maybe that can continue forever, but you sort of wonder
about that. Sales Tax, you sort of wonder can it really keep growing.

Mayor Burt: Can I just jump in there? What the City Manager spoke about
is crucial, and we don't have that data. That was going to be one of my
questions. What's the tracking of infrastructure expenses that are outside of
Utilities? There's General Fund infrastructure expenses over the last six or
seven years. What we see is that we have significantly increased our
investment there. That's buried in that expense number.

Vice Mayor Scharff: He mentioned that. He said that.

Mayor Burt: I know he did. I thought you were responding as if he hadn't.

Vice Mayor Scharff: He mentioned it. I said I'd like to see the graph without
it. I think that would be a really great way to break that out.

Council Member Filseth: Me too.

Mr. Perez: Maybe I can help. From my perspective, this is an important
process that has been carried out as a result of Council policy. You guys
know that I've been here for quite some time. I can tell you that in the '90s
the budget was $33.5 million for years for transfers from the General Fund
to Capital. What we did as an organization is every time we had a surplus,
we invested it in operating in increasing services. The last five years, we
transferred $32,587,000 unplanned funding to the infrastructure. That's
surpluses. We can say we should have budgeted higher, but a lot of these
things are one-time in nature, the majority.

Mayor Burt: That's on top of a base amount for infrastructure.

Mr. Perez: Yes. It ranged from 13 to 17 million, off the top of my head, as
a base. The reason I call out the Council policy and the importance of this is
that—if you recall, the Reserve for the Budget Stabilization for the General
Fund is a floor of 15 and a cap of 20 with a goal of 18 1/2. The policy clearly
                                                                         Page 94 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
