                          TRANSCRIPT
2014 passage of the Resolution by the Council.            There was not one
stakeholder straw vote in favor of that. If you don't believe me, ask Jessica.

Council Member Schmid: Next speaker is Michael Beasley, to be followed by
Jeff Austin.

Malcolm Beasley: Actually, Michael Beasley is my son. This is Malcolm. It's
all right. Members of the Council, my name is Mac Beasley, and I am a 40-
year-plus resident of Downtown North. As you may remember, I have
spoken to you several times over the past few years about the need to
maintain a balance between development and preservation of the quality of
our neighborhoods. I'm sure this principle is appreciated by all of you, and it
is a cornerstone of the Comprehensive Plan. However, in the past there was
no effective process to ensure that this desired balance was consistently
examined. Indeed, I believe this is one of the primary reasons, maybe the
primary reason, why we have the parking problem we do today. The
proposed Phase Two RPP begins to address this parking. Specifically, it caps
the total number of nonresident permits to a generous 2,000, and it directs
the number of these permits be reduced approximately 200 per year for the
next 10 years. Excuse me. This is surely a step in the right direction as it
states what the City perceives is needed now and that in the long run this
number should be reduced to preserve neighborhood quality. With proper
surveys and periodic reexamination of the parking situation in the
neighborhoods, there is hope that this proper balance will be established
over time as we go forward. I strongly urge the Council to maintain and
possibly even strengthen these provisions. Failure to do so will, in my
judgment, sow the seeds of yet another crisis in the not so distant future
and undermine the Council's mandate to exercise and practice the principles
of balance between development and the quality of our neighborhoods that
we all want. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid:      Thank you.    Next speaker is Jeff Austin, to be
followed by Ben Cintz.

Jeff Austin: Good afternoon. My name's Jeff Austin. I live at the corner of
Lytton and Seneca. I want to say that I support issuance or creation of the
RPP for residents only. The question becomes what's the solution for the
commercial workers. It's been my experience that perhaps some type of
economic motivation needs to be given to these businesses to force workers
to consider public transport more aggressively. Be that a more aggressive
implementation of the TMA or more bus routes, something needs to be
done. I think that the employees now are simply taking the path of least
resistance. It doesn't cost anything to park in my neighborhood right now.
If the nonresident parking permits are issued, I don't think the cost is—in

                                                                         Page 30 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
