                          TRANSCRIPT
especially near transit services. We heard a number of speakers about that
tonight. I'm generally supportive of all of these. When it comes to co-
housing, in Mountain View they have a co-housing site that was built not
long ago. I believe it's for seniors, but I'm not positive. When it comes to
special setbacks, I think this is something we should look into. I've heard
we have places where the site is zoned for a certain number of units, but
because of special setbacks that might take away half of the property it's
almost impossible to build the number of units that we've already zoned for.
That doesn't mean I want to get rid of them throughout the City, but I want
to at least have some discussion about that at some point. As I mentioned
before, when it comes to micro units, that's something where I think maybe
we want to look at doing an overlay for Downtown. I'm not sure we're ready
to do that at the Citywide level or in other areas, but I think Downtown is
the right place to start. We already have RPP set up. Maybe an overlay for
Downtown for multifamily housing without a maximum density limit, but
instead with minimum density limits, retaining FAR and height limits and no
eligibility for RPP permits, as I referred to earlier. I'm open to considering
increasing residential FAR, at least in certain places. I'm not going to
advocate for increasing the height limits. When we have apartments that
are decoupled from parking, we really ought to talk about residential
Transportation Demand Management (TDM). The kind of stuff that we're
doing in TDM for commercial spaces, we need to start doing for residential
as well. That's whether it's micro units or not. That means Zipcars onsite,
bike share onsite, Caltrain, Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) passes.
That would even be for pretty much any new apartments. As far as location
rearrangement, for me it's too soon to say. I'm not ready to say at this
point that we should move housing away from San Antonio Road. I think
that San Antonio Road—there's a lot going on there. There is a Caltrain
station there. Like Cal. Ave., it's not well served currently. I'm not sure yet
what the future of San Antonio Road and the area around San Antonio Road
looks like. This might be another area for a coordinated area plan. I agree
we should be working closely with Mountain View.               Between what's
happening at San Antonio Road and El Camino Real in Mountain View and
what's happening at North Bayshore and how congested San Antonio Road
is, I think we should start really looking at San Antonio Road and maybe
partnering with Mountain View and seeing if we can make that a place that's
really well served by shuttles, even if it means we're joining forces with
other cities or businesses in the area. The congestion is San Antonio Road is
really awful. Until we have some shuttles running frequently, regularly and
long hours on San Antonio Road, I can't advocate for more housing there.
Bob Moss mentioned for BMR ADUs that maybe we should allow extra FAR.
I'm not sure if I'd advocate for that. I'm interested in that idea. I would
think we should also at least look into that concept of maybe offering a low
interest loan, perhaps using our affordable housing funds as a source, low
                                                                        Page 86 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
