                         TRANSCRIPT
can you game the system, can you move your car every two hours, how will
low-income and high-income be distributed. These are kind of rhetorical
questions. Is there any correlation to how many employee permits are
given out to the size of a business or are tied to our Business Registry?
Again, the use of hang tags. Even when you buy a daily, I guess I'm
understanding now that it's not for a particular day, but it could be used for
any day that you scratch off. Again, I think all those things are basically
loopholes that mean we don't have a cap. What shifted the cap is how we're
addressing the legal issue. I think we have a concern there. Could retailers
give out daily scratchers? Could they buy a bunch and hand them out to
shoppers? I mean, one of the letters—I think we got a whole stack of
letters, more than people were in the chamber—was the idea of limiting
passes to registered cars at an address. I just feel like we haven't looked at
this in terms of what are the easy loopholes that people will address. I
mean, we know we have businesses being run out of homes. We have
hotels being run out of homes. This permit process doesn't—it seems like a
good opportunity to monitor some of that stuff, and it's not. Another
concern I have is this Phase 2 is a year long. I think we might want a
Council check-in before a year is up. Again, when I read the ordinance, I
don't think a penalty for fraud has been set. I think it says it can be
determined by Council, so I don't know if we have one. I agree, I think we
made a mistake when we removed the decreasing 200 per year. I think that
gives teeth to our TMA, to TDM Programs. It was over ten years, which I
think is a reasonable period of time. It starts to say we're serious about
this. Where I think we need to end up is with a real cap, with a real
decreasing amount of permits in the neighborhoods. I think we're losing the
trust of the community, kind of how we did this. I mean (inaudible) figure it
out. We talked about this in December. I brought up the issue, kind of
what's the extent of the Downtown District. I do think this annexation is not
really the right way to do it. We're kind of saying we're going to annex it
once and this is it, but I almost feel like we should consider the Phase 1
boundary as the boundary. I thought Eric's comments were good about kind
of this is a better plan if we can put some parking in the streets, but I think
what we're struggling with is this balance and kind of this open-ended
amount. I have a few more comments, but do you want to say something?
Okay. I'm trying to figure out kind of how we could move forward. I'll
suggest something just as kind of a straw man. If it's unworkable, we can
decide that. I would move that we would adopt the Staff recommendation
with the following changes. We would decrease the employee permits by
200 per year over ten years. We would move forward with installation of the
signs and the enforcement contract and the decal program. We would come
back to Council with a program that would explain how we're going to meter
out the hang tags, the employee hang tags and the employee dailies and
five-day scratchers, and how we're going to distribute those by zone and
                                                                       Page 105 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
