                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Kind of related to this idea of getting off of natural
resources. Has there been much discussion about potentially divesting our
gas utility and kind of the timing of that in terms of value financially?

Mr. Friend:     We've had a couple of discussions with Utility Advisory
Commission (UAC) about some of the issues of the evolution and transition
of Palo Alto Utilities. That's one of the options that's in a list of options. I
don't know that there's been any detailed investigation of that at this point.
Former Utility Director Fong, before she retired from City service, was
working on putting together, I guess you would call it a symposium, a half
day or day-long symposium to look at some of these strategic issues for the
utility. That may be something to come forward in the future.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mr. Friend: You're welcome.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. First of all, I think you guys have done a
yeoman's job trying to get your arms around the beast here. I think this is
pretty cool. One thing on the opportunities here. It's dominated by
transportation. I spent probably way more time than I should have trying to
sort of reconstruct and reassemble numbers on this kind of stuff. I was not
able to. This is kind of a question for the consultant. If you look at
transportation, you can narrow it to car trips. Some is accounted for by the
State; some is account for by "business as usual," some is accounted for by
this initiative, that initiative, this other initiative, and so forth. Some of it
parses up to people getting out of their cars and taking alternate transit,
some by switching to EVs and stuff like that. I guess my question is, is
there a giant spreadsheet somewhere that sort of breaks all this down so
you sort of see how it all adds up.

Mr. Friend: As fate would have it, Council Member Filseth, there is. We
have it. If you'd like to geek out on it, we'd be happy to share it with you.

Council Member Filseth: I would love to geek out on your spreadsheet.

Mr. Friend: You got it.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: I have a few questions. One is that this is our Sustainability
and Climate Action Plan. There seems to be what I would almost think of as
an inversion. In my understanding—I've been involved in this for many

                                                                          Page 28 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
