                           TRANSCRIPT
cross-cutting Staff groups. I think Rob mentioned the Climate Action from
Planning this afternoon. That was definitely an area where like would this
apply for this kind of thing? No, this would apply for preserves, but not for
the more traditional, developed parks. They will continue to be treated for
their primary purpose which is preserving habitat. They are really important
also to people in this community, that they are able to walk in them and
experience nature and that kind of thing.          We are not looking at
recommending activities that would take away from that. I think that that's
been pretty clear direction from the PARC, from the public and from any kind
of analysis that looks at those. We will make sure that that is clearer.

Mr. de Geus: I would just add to that, Council Member Holman. I think it's
a good question. They're very different, our urban parks and our open
space properties. Sometimes we talk about them sort of as similar in the
Report. I think we need to fix that. I would add that we are going to have
companion plans to this Master Plan that speak much more deeply about our
open space properties.        For instance, in July we hope to start a
Comprehensive Conservation Plan the Baylands to help the Ranger Staff
manage wildlife and habitat and vegetation. This plan is not going to get
into those kind of specifics. It's really looking more at the developed areas
of the open space properties. If that helps. It can be a little bit confusing
because the title does include natural open space and trails.             It's
predominantly parks and recreation spaces and facilities as the focus of the
plan.

Council Member Holman: I'm not concerned about the title. I'm just
concerned of like how they're organized within the Report. Thank you for
that. Baylands Comprehensive Conservation Plan, I presume that'll be in
conjunction with and in concert with the Baylands Master Plan that exists.

Mr. de Geus: Absolutely.

Council Member Holman: Down the line, I know you're going to look at this.
I just want to get it out there, not to steal Council Member Kniss' thunder
here. Natural versus artificial turf in our parks. With our Parks Plan to
integrate, when we have clear direction on this, our water plant tree
programs, landscape plans that we have those. I think Council Member
DuBois maybe mentioned this; somebody did. Highlight the benefit of trees,
the positive carbon impact they have and the cooling. I think we can't
overemphasize that enough. I think there was one last thing, but it's
escaping me at the moment. I guess I will leave it there. Thank you for—
yes. Having to do with Foothill Park and opening it up. The only thing that I
would say about that is just that Foothill Park is really more like a preserve,
from my perspective, than a park. As we're looking at any change of use or

                                                                       Page 105 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
