                         TRANSCRIPT
it would be 1,200 RHNA units. It's going to be somewhere between 1,200
and 2,400. We don't know the exact mix yet.

Council Member Kniss: What number would you suggest we use? Would it
be 1,800, 1,900, 2,000?

Ms. Palter:   You could split the difference and say 1,800.    We just don't
know.

Council Member Kniss: Knowing we will be using that number somehow and
perhaps in negotiations, that's really helpful. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes this Study Session. We'll see you
later this evening I assume. I'm sorry. We have one member—before we
begin the next item, I neglected. We have one member of the public who
wants to speak on the Study Session item, Sea Reddy. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Thank you, Mayor. I wanted to ask and request a follow-up on
the Stanford planning. We did hear this at the College Terrace Residential
Association (CTRA), College Terrace Association, meeting about a week or
10 days ago. The thing is in campuses, including Berkeley, you try to go to
a grocery store, and you can't find anything that's reasonable. They're 10-
20 percent more expensive. I lived through that with my daughter going
there. I've seen it here. We as College Terrace residents don't have a
reasonable grocery store to go to. We have to go all the way to Menlo Park
or go to Middlefield Road, and it's still not a full-blown service. Please
consider affordability. You were saying that affordability—(inaudible) looking
for affordable units. You have 2,000 people that are coming in there. I'm
sure they get hungry, and they all have to travel. Even if you have residents
halls and all that, we probably don't want a Bristol Farms or a Whole Foods
type service. I think it's the City and the Stanford, they could work amiably
for having affordable grocery stores in the area. We have a couple of things
coming up, 2100 El Camino Real. We'd greatly appreciate it. We want to
welcome you, but we want to take advantage of your power to bring an
affordable grocery store that we can all live happily. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Special Orders of the Day
2.   Community Partner Presentation: Palo Alto Players at the Lucie Stern
     Community Theatre.

Mayor Burt: We'll move on to our second order of business today which is a
Special Order. It's a community partner presentation of the Palo Alto
Players at the Lucie Stern Community Center.
                                                                       Page 20 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/21/16
