                          TRANSCRIPT
parking in Southgate in relation to Evergreen. We'll have to work that
through. Do you know what I mean? I understand the problem about
spillover, but the initial...

Council Member DuBois: We're just hit by spillover every time. I think it's
critical that we do them together so it's basically one large enforcement
district maybe with different rules. If it's close to the same time, sure. It's
really a question of how far apart they come.           That's my first friendly
amendment, that they be deployed in parallel.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd be open to something that says "they will endeavor
to have them come out together," so they have some flexibility, but not they
have to open the same day. Maybe it's a couple of weeks with each other. I
don't know. I'm happy to have something that gives a little discretion to
Staff, but gives the impression that that's what we want.

Council Member DuBois: Are you guys having a discussion about this?

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois, what if we had something that we
direct Staff to attempt to align the launch of both?

Council Member DuBois: That's fine.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's good.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion Part A, “and attempt to align deployment of both RPP programs” after
“Park Neighborhoods.”

Mr. Keene: Just so we're clear, because there will be staffing logistics. To
be honest with you, if it were me—I will be involved in it. If push came to
shove, I'd say we can get Evergreen out three months in advance of
Southgate versus holding them both up, we would recommend that that's
what we would do, unless there was an implication that seemed too
problematic.

Mayor Burt: The potential implication is whether it will create spillover
(crosstalk) Southgate.

Council Member DuBois: I'll say it as a friendly amendment, but it's kind of
the opposite of what you have. That Crescent Park be a separate RPP.
Having been in the discussion, I think a lot of those people do not want to be
part of the Downtown RPP. I also just wonder if this is appropriate since we
had a bunch of people recused on this.

                                                                        Page 108 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
