                          TRANSCRIPT
energy, land, food. You can see from that chart there has been a slight
improvement, but it's less than a percent a year. It's nothing dramatic.
That's really the opportunity as you begin to think about sustainability for
the City and build on the track record we already have in this town, which
I'm very proud of as a resident. There's an opportunity here to bend that
curve and to really go through that same kind of step change I'm going to
show you in just a second. I think Palo Alto has already started doing that
in a number of areas, but in one area we're lagging and we're not innovating
at the same rate. I'm going to focus most of my comments tonight on that.
Here's a little scorecard, if you like. As a professor, I grade things. I don't
dare to grade the City of course. If I look at energy, we're in the A+
category. We innovated PaloAltoGreen. We've now made it standard for the
whole City. We've gone completely renewable. We're one of the first places
to offer actually alternatives for green gas. I know the Sustainability Plan
you're going to discuss later on tonight is looking at how to migrate more off
gas entirely. That's a huge—that's really cutting edge not only for the
country, but for the world. If I look at the area of buildings, we benefit a
little bit from California having Title 24 and already being at the cutting
edge. We've done things on top of that with rebates and energy efficiency
and now Electric Vehicle (EV) charging-ready buildings. Again, that's an
area where I'd say we're ahead, well ahead of the curve. We may not be as
advanced as some places like Copenhagen, Denmark, but we're definitely
leading in the country. The area that I mentioned where we're not as
innovative is transportation. I know that's a hot topic here in the City, a real
pain point, a concern for many people given the traffic. Really most of the
rest of my thoughts I wanted to share tonight were what are some of the
innovative things that are possible here as a way of brainstorming and
opening up the dialog of can these fit for Palo Alto, what difference can these
make. Can we be the same level of leading in the transportation area that
we have been in energy and building? I think we can, obviously. Otherwise,
you'd have a more depressing talk tonight. One slide on what's happening
in renewables. I think Palo Alto has taken full advantage of this. This is the
energy mix in the (United States) (U.S.) bumping along, different times
when coal, gas or oil was cheaper. What most people don't realize is just
how dramatic the advent of solar power was. It went from a ridiculously
expensive source to being the cheapest today. We've taken full advantage
of that, getting not only de-carbonization and environmental benefits, but
actually economic benefits. Many of the companies in our area are doing the
same thing with their energy footprint. On the building side, we've moved
the needle a lot, but construction really hasn't improved much in
productivity. You can see there between 0 and 1/2 percent productivity
improvement on a nationwide basis. I don't have any data on Palo Alto
construction specifically; although, we have a lot of it. If you look at the
lever—there's construction, there's the occupancy in using our buildings
                                                                         Page 16 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
