                           TRANSCRIPT
conclusions. It would be less impact, and it would be subtractive from
certain elements of their model. I don't quite follow that, so I do see it as—
I'll say that I think this Motion is out of order. I think the topic is
reasonable, and I tend to agree that that was our intent when we gave
direction to Staff. This doesn't appear to fully reflect our intent. I also
believe that the correction to it can be accomplished easier than was
portrayed to us. What I'd like to do is encourage the maker and the
seconder to withdraw the Motion, but we can vote on it if you don't want to.

Council Member Holman: I'm fine as seconder to withdraw the second given
the prior conversation. Just for clarity, it's Scenario 5 rather than Scenario 6
as the Mayor mentioned.

Mayor Burt: Did I say 5?

Council Member Holman:       You said 6; it's actually 5.   Just for clarity for
anybody who's listening.

Council Member Schmid: Could I have a clarification?

Mayor Burt: Briefly.

Council Member Schmid: The discussion was that we could discuss this in
Item Number 10. This refers specifically to Scenario 5 that we have worked
on. There's no mention of the scenarios in Item 10. Is it okay to bring up a
subject that is not in that item? It is specifically mentioned here.

Mayor Burt: While they're getting ready, let me just say that Item 10 is
very broad. There's a whole bunch of things, innumerable things, that are
not specifically listed in 10 that we will be discussing tonight. It has
everything to do with the Land Use Element. Ms. Stump?

Mr. Keene: I think Molly is going to concur, and it's way broader than this
item is. This item is a contract to do 95 percent of the work unrelated to
this issue that you're talking about. Hillary's right. This is either yes on the
contract or no on the contract for the most part. You don't want to do that.
You can accomplish what you want by following the directive the Mayor was
talking about.

Ms. Stump: You can raise it under Item 10.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Stump: There may be that there's an additional item that will need to
come back at some other point on cost and schedule, and that will happen
later.
                                                                        Page 15 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
