                          TRANSCRIPT
January. Where it is now, I think, is in a pretty good place. Adding those
few areas is probably going to strengthen the whole Downtown.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: A little clarification on the Motion. I think I'm
good with it. Vice Mayor, you talked about protecting all existing retail, but
I'm not sure I'm seeing that captured here.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No, I wasn't seeing it captured here either (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: Just wanted to make sure of that. There it is.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. You have to use a mike if we're going to have a ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: It says protect all current retail in the Downtown area.
That's there. What was not captured correctly was the top part. I'll just
work on that.

Council Member Holman: This would be the Downtown Business District?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Correct.

Council Member Holman: I support that certainly. I think Staff's trying to
do something that—Council Member Kniss brought up earlier the thing about
automobile uses and automobile dealerships. Dealerships we probably won't
but I can't swear we won't get. I don't think we want it on University
Avenue. What Staff, I think, is trying to do, which is bothering me a lot, is
trying to make the SOFA area the same as Downtown. It's not. It's a
coordinated area plan that has its own zoning. If Staff needs to, in order to
extend the Emerson and Homer, show that as a GF, make it SOFA GF or
something like that.      They're not the same.        They're not the same
characteristics either physically or the way they live. That's what's troubling
me a lot about what Staff brought forward. I like a lot of what we brought
forward. Let's not just do away with the cap. We talk about doing more
caps. We just can't blend them. Let's see. Actually I support—if it comes
back and we get another chance at this, Vice Mayor, I would support getting
rid of the 25 percent office. There are things that—there are drivers.
Locations that are on the peripheral areas here, if you want to call them
that, just aren't going to demand the higher prices, whether it's office or
retail, that you do on University Avenue. What I've just experienced by
people that I know who tried to rent some spaces around here and there,
including on Addison, the prices that are being asked—I don't know about
the Anthropologie building—were higher than actually what's on here for
retail space. I just think we need to exert some caution there and do what
                                                                       Page 81 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
