                          TRANSCRIPT
toward them, saying, "This guy, I know him. He's a drunk." Blah, blah,
blah. The captain and the firemen walked right over there. Sure enough, he
had a broke hip. What if we had just backed off? Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ken Horowitz, to be followed
by Steve Eittreim.

Ken Horowitz: Good evening. Ken Horowitz. I just want to share with you
a couple of events that I attended last week and very proud of our City for
doing so. On Wednesday, Project Safety Net met, and we had a discussion
about suicide. As part of our presentation, we heard from Vic Ojakian; what
a remarkable man he is, and the good work that he and his wife, Mary, are
doing in regard to suicide. I didn't know if you knew, but the largest group
of suicide victims—I won't call them victims—is actually seniors over the age
of 80. They're the largest group of suicide people. Of course, we have quite
a large number of seniors here.        Unfortunately, they don't get much
attention. The other event that I attended was on Friday. A group of
marchers came from Santa Cruz, talking about vets. I got one of the T-
shirts from them. It's called Journey for Change. They met over there at El
Camino Park. Chief Burns was there, and Janice Fetson [phonetic] was
there as well, and a number of the police officers and firemen were there as
well. Suicides among our vets are very high. In fact, there's a suicide
almost every hour, 24 suicides per day among our vets. This is Mental
Health Month. Also, we had Memorial Day yesterday. As I said, I'm very
proud of our City for hosting these two events. Thank you for time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Steve Eittreim.            Welcome.
Final speaker is Sea Reddy.

Steve Eittreim: My name is Steve Eittreim, and I'm a resident of Palo Alto.
I have three wonderful grandchildren who also live in Palo Alto, a few blocks
from me. I think it's because of those grandchildren that I've become a
climate warrior or a fossil fuel resistor, you might say. I have been trying to
work as much as I can to try and move us along the path from fossil fuels to
renewables. I think we're not moving fast enough. Four hundred parts per
million carbon dioxide in the atmosphere today. We know what that's going
to mean. It's shooting up rapidly, and it's not going to be a good world for
my grandkids. I want to thank you, the City Council of the City of Palo Alto,
for being a leader in getting us through this transition. Again, we're not
getting through the transition fast enough. That's what I worry. There's
one more thing that I think you could do that I want to make a pitch for.
That is to require warning labels on gas pumps about the facts of pumping
gas. When we pump a gallon of gas, we put 20 pounds of carbon dioxide in
the air, 20 pounds. When I mention that to people, they're often surprised

                                                                        Page 26 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
