                         TRANSCRIPT
14.   Approval of Agreement With Empowerment Institute on Cool Block
      Small Pilot Program (Continued to February 1, 2016).

15.   Review and Approval of a Draft Process Letter From the City of Palo
      Alto to the California High Speed Rail Authority and Caltrain.

Mayor Burt: That passes unanimously.

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBERS 3-9, 11-13, 15 PASSED: 9-0

MOTION FOR AGENDA ITEM NUMBER 10 PASSED:                   7-2 Kniss, Scharff
not participating

Study Session

16.   Study Session With Stefan Heck Regarding Innovation, Energy, and
      Transportation Issues.

Mayor Burt: Our next Item is a Study Session. We have as our guest
Stefan Heck from Stanford University. Mr. City Manager, do you ...

James Keene, City Manager: Hopefully, Stefan is here. Let's see.

Mayor Burt: We have a rare occasion of being ahead of schedule.            We're
going to have a celebration over that.

Mr. Keene: Yes. One thing, I might have missed it, Agenda Changes,
Additions and Deletions.

Mayor Burt: Sorry that was my fault.

Mr. Keene: We did have the one change related to Item Number 19 on the
Agenda. That is the FY (Fiscal Year) 2015 Performance Report, the National
Citizen Survey, and the Citizen Centric Report. Given the length of the
Study Sessions tonight and also the sort of relevance of leading off with that
at the Retreat, we would be removing that Item from today's Agenda. It will
actually be agendized as the first kind of discussion portion of the Council
Retreat this Saturday, the 30th. Correct?

Mayor Burt: My understanding is that because that Item will inform the
discussion on Priorities and the work plan for the year, that's an appropriate
occasion to be able to do that.

Mr. Keene: That would be correct. I think it sort of lets us close the books
on last year, but it also indicates a lot of the trend information within our
community that will, I think, be helpful to the Retreat discussion. Thanks.
                                                                       Page 14 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
