                          TRANSCRIPT
experiment in Southgate and Evergreen Park. Also, we're seeing an issue
with this ordinance of pitting neighborhoods against neighborhoods which
isn't good. I think we need to think about that as we go forward. In
general, it feels like this ordinance is just too complex, it's time consuming
and expensive. I know we said we don't want a cookie cutter approach. If
we can only do one or two a year, maybe we need to actually err more on a
cookie cutter approach or a deploy and adjust approach, something that's a
little bit lighter weight. In these neighborhoods, we have multiple buildings
coming online. I understand why residents want to get a permit program as
quickly as they can. At the same time, I think we all want to protect our
local retailers. I think we need shift our process a little bit. Right now it
takes too long, take too much Staff time. When you look at Edgewood and
Crescent Park, I kind of feel the same way with Edgewood, we have people
who petitioned, they followed the process, and there's no grocery store
there. What's going to happen when a grocery store goes in? It seems like
is a good time to put an RPP in place so that we can expand it when we need
to. For my colleagues that weren't part of the Crescent Park discussion, we
had a very long discussion about where does Downtown end. We pretty
much agreed that Phase 2 should be where it ends. I think what we heard
from the people in the extra streets is they feel that too. At some point,
Crescent Park becomes a residential neighborhood, and we should just
extend the Downtown RPP indefinitely. I know that seems simple and easy,
even the last streets we added didn't want that. They wanted a Residential
Permit Parking program, and they accepted what was available. In the
presentation, it says one of the cons of an RPP is that traffic relocates. If we
did a program in Southgate, where is it going to go? It's going to go to
Evergreen Park. If we do one in Evergreen Park, it's going to go to
Southgate. There's really nowhere else around there to park. I think we
absolutely have to do both at the same time. If we don't, we know what's
going to happen, the other neighborhood is just going to get hammered. On
the Cal. Ave. business district, I think Karen's idea of allowing employers to
share permits among potentially retail employees who don't work every day.
The idea is one permit that just gets shared based on when a restaurant
worker is working. What I want to see is a real emphasis on speed of
implementation. It's a quality issue for the neighborhoods. It really does
put teeth into the TDM. We want to be able to react quickly and help
businesses, but I would say let's put in a program, let's pick a relatively
small number, 10 percent, and then have a way to adjust and maybe look at
how we share permits in parallel so that we can get more parking in the
business district. The other thing with this Evergreen Park area is it starts at
College Avenue. There's several streets that are part of the business
district.     There can be business parking that we could utilize more
effectively. I'd support a Motion that gets protection in place as soon as

                                                                         Page 99 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
