                          TRANSCRIPT

Ms. Gitelman: If I recall, the sections of El Camino that are not included
have some other zoning district. They're not zoned commercial. They're
zoned PC or they're zoned residential or something else. I'd have to go back
and investigate further to give you a more definitive answer.

Council Member Holman: Town and Country Village, for instance, is zoned
commercial or T zoning district. It might be good to clarify that. Quickly on
the scoring criteria, I would agree with other comments that have been
made about Number 1b, project will receive up to 10 points if they would not
result in significant traffic impacts pursuant to CEQA. For me, that's a lot of
what we approve that causes challenges in this community are projects that
have an impact in a variety of different ways, but don't reach the significant
threshold. I would say also that and also because we have—particularly
because we have traffic issues in town and we have parking issues in town, I
would say also Code required parking.           It's like that we don't allow
reductions on that. If the project wants to win 10 points or earn 10 points,
they need to provide more.             Same thing on "3a," the significant
environmental impacts. Same concern on "5d," project will receive 5 points
if they provide more than required minimum area over .15 FAR of ground-
floor retail. We've seen other projects come through that they just—does
that mean .16? 100 square feet more? What does that mean? Is there any
way to quantify that that would be reasonable and feasible?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we provided a quantitative standard suggesting that
you would have to exceed that by some measureable amount to get the
higher score.

Council Member Holman: I understand that, but I just—is there any way
that we could quantify like what it means? Greater than .15, so that
somebody doesn't just provide 100 square feet or 50 square feet more and
they get 5 extra points.

Ms. Gitelman: I think we're saying greater than, so you could meet that
criterion with just 50 square feet more if it can be quantified.

Council Member Holman: That was my question. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I just want to follow onto a few of the comments made by
colleagues. First to the context of this, we're basically trying on for size this
program for two years. I think we should anticipate that there are some
imperfections that we'll find in it. Some of which we may even be able to
identify right now, but that we don't have to fix if they're not a major

                                                                          Page 61 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
