                          TRANSCRIPT
have more employee density than that, would that be a premium because
those are arguably the employees that are exacerbating the problem the
most? These would be things that, one, we'd simply want to know how they
poll. Even if they poll, it would come back to us for all this policy discussion
and the stakeholder groups. The polling wouldn't determine what we'd do; it
would just give us a range of information. I'm just trying to lay out there
some of the potential questions we may want to ask in the poll. Mr. City
Manager, do you have any sense of if we wanted to engage in this, how long
it would take to get polling done once we had settled on questions and what
kind of cost range we might be looking at?

Mr. Keene: I don't have a cost. I took the liberty, when we put the Staff
Report together, to reach out to pollsters we've used in the past to just get a
sense of availability, how fast they thought they could work with us to put
together a poll and could get me a cost. I was waiting until tonight to see
what the direction was. I think that on that side of it, that's pretty quick. I
think they can be really responsive. The ball's mostly going to be in our
court as to what process you want to use, how long that would take as it
relates to them coming onboard. Obviously a lot of this is just connected to
your decision about do you want to be able to include in the general election
of 2016 in the polling potentially, then we need to get going in order to do
that. I would say that one factor you haven't mentioned—you did mention
when we would do it, but there are a lot of factors. A pollster would also poll
on what the pros and cons are of particular timeframes. How does a general
election—we've got a Presidential election; how does that play out versus
other things? It would just give you that information also.

Mayor Burt: I'd add just so we get kind of some order of magnitude sense.
In my best efforts at trying to get a ballpark as to what dollars we might
need, not for capital programs like grade separations which are, one, we
have hopefully a sizable amount of dollars that would be in the VTA tax
toward that. The first really major dollars toward grade separations in Santa
Clara County that would potentially benefit our needs a great deal. If it was
principally for various operations, to help fund the TMAs and do those kinds
of things Citywide to perhaps quadruple our shuttle program, things like that
that we've been discussing, it might be in the range of $6 million or more
per year total. With the number of employees that we have and assuming
certain exemptions, if you were to guess that it might be in the
neighborhood of $100 per employee, that's about 5 cents an hour, is what it
is per employee. It's not an enormous amount per employee. Yet, it
potentially could address the problem that we've heard from employers. It's
now as big of an issue to them as it is to residents. The dollars would
basically come from employers, but to a great degree it would go back and
benefit them including helping fund the TMAs in ways that—even the
                                                                          Page 88 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
