                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: I think there's some confusion because what I
had proposed didn't end up getting onto the screen. What you were looking
at and what I was trying to wasn't quite the same. Could I just give it one
more try? Then happy to pass the mic. It would say grade separation of
Caltrain—I was saying at least below Charleston and Meadow. We could just
change it so it would incorporate the two. Grade separation of Caltrain to be
studied at all at-grade crossings.

Mayor Burt:    I don't understand what's the difference between that and
seven.

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine. We can remove mine, and we can go
with seven. You can take ownership of it and go for it.

Mayor Burt: It's not about ownership; we just had a solution up there.

Council Member Wolbach: Not offended.

Mayor Burt:    Let's let Council Member Filseth wade in on this particular
thing.

Council Member Filseth: This is more of a process thing. I'm going to plead
for simplicity for here. One of the things that you want to do is be able to
unbundle so the consultant can synthesize new grocery bags. The more
permutations we introduce here, the harder it's going to get to do that. I
hope we can keep this as simple as possible.

Mayor Burt: That goes back to—under seven we want to include the other
clause that was there, "other improvements along the corridor."     Is
everybody okay with that? This is Wolbach, seconded by Burt.

AMENDMENT H: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor Burt
to add to the Motion, “replace in Table 4 Row 9, ‘in a trench’ with ‘at least.’”
(New Part C.ii.)

AMENDMENT H RESTATED: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded
by Mayor Burt to add to the Motion, “replace in Table 4 Row 9, ‘grade
separation of Caltrain in a trench below Charleston and Meadow’ with
‘infrastructure investments to look at grade separations at all grade
crossings and.’” (New Part C.ii.)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:       If there's somebody else, go ahead.        I have a
question first.

                                                                          Page 70 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
