                          TRANSCRIPT
business owner from elsewhere. I'm not quite sure what that "elsewhere"
means, refers to.

Mayor Burt: It means elsewhere, other than what we have previously
prescribed. We can go and say other than from Downtown, the Stanford
Research Park and the Stanford Shopping Center/hospitals.

Council Holman: From other than the first five entities, the first five
enumerated on the list, something like that.

Mayor Burt: It's not five; there's four. Yes, I think that—other than the first
four.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part A.vi. and Part A.vii.,
“from elsewhere” with “from other than the organizations listed above.”

Council Member Holman: I still think we need two small business owners.
They're the ones that are so greatly impacted by transportation in particular
in parking. It relates to parking issues. I'm going to lobby for two small
business owners.

Mayor Burt: We want to keep it as an odd number. If we just added—with
the Stanford Health Care and Stanford Shopping Center, we've got two big
businesses. We could have the Downtown TMA/small business in that we
basically are saying that that representative should be from a small
business.

Council Member Holman: That would get us two small business owners.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, I'll let you wade in.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not sure why we need two small business owners.
I'm not sure what we gain. We get the small business owner perspective.
Is there some difference in a type of—we have a medium, small. We don't
have a large, do we?

Mayor Burt: We haven't defined what a small and medium is, because you
don't necessarily want to use SBA definitions. We may have to (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: Here's why I'm advocating for two. One reason is
because if we have one small business owner—knowing several, small
business owners a lot of times can't make meetings, so I think there's a
matter of attrition or intermittent attrition. By definition, they're hands on.
That's part of the reason, to make sure we have that representation.

                                                                       Page 107 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
