                          TRANSCRIPT
3:1. All four also contain commercial growth four to five times our current
annual limit. It's impossible to make reasonable judgments on Sustainability
and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) or mitigations or to assess
recommendations from public comments or Citizen Advisory Committee
(CAC) recommendations without an alternate Scenario.

Council Member DuBois: I would second that

Mayor Burt: Can I ask for a clarification on how that differs from what the
Council had endorsed in our recent agendized meeting on this subject?

Council Member Schmid:        Asking for specific projections on jobs and
residents.

Council Member DuBois: Just to add some clarification. I know I've had
some conversations with Staff. They do not have clarity on what that Fifth
Scenario is. I think it's planned to come back in May. I think there's some
concern that that's too long in terms of our Environmental Impact Report
(EIR) process. They were looking for some clear direction on what we want
to see in that Fifth Scenario.

Mayor Burt: This is April.

James Keene, City Manager: A couple of comments. I think that clear
direction is helpful, but we also are in a process of working through these
things to bring this back. Understand the sense of wanting to get it sooner,
but I think there's some conflict there. I'm sort of looking to my compadre
here. It's a little unusual what's happening right now as far as I just want to
make sure we're in the ...

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Very, very occasionally, the Council has used
this part of the Agenda on a relatively straightforward matter to do sort of
the oral equivalent of a Colleagues Memo. I believe a Colleagues Memo was
submitted in the last few days addressing the same topic. I suspect this is
an oral version of that. Our Planning Director is out of the country and did
provide some initial preliminary response in terms of the timing and the
various pieces. Frankly, you don't have the right folks in front of you to give
you a technical answer in terms of how what is being requested might in
some sense differ and how it fits in with the timing of the various work
pieces. I think we really do need to assess as a Staff those issues and really
are not in a position to respond tonight.

Mr. Keene: I may be in a position to, but I have not been able to look at in
detail what Hillary has left me and see how we can reconcile that about
reporting on an accurate schedule.
                                                                       Page 104 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/4/16
