                          TRANSCRIPT
the Ordinance in place. This is not a time to—it's not agendized to abandon
the Ordinance. I'm in support of the original Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I accept the (inaudible).

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in Part B of the
Substitute Motion, “direct Staff to begin the process of building a restroom
at the site and identifying a funding source” with “direct Staff to work with
the Parks and Recreation Commission to identify a funding source and
location for a restroom.”

Council Member Filseth:    Can I comment on the Councilwoman's remarks
too?

Mayor Burt: Go ahead.

Council Member Filseth: Just briefly. On the subject of the Ordinance, the
Ordinance says that we can use TDRs. It doesn't say we have to use TDRs.
I don't think we want to be in the situation where the only two choices are
we have to use them if we have an Ordinance or we don't have an
Ordinance. That doesn't make sense to me.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Question for the Finance Director. $300,000 from
the Budget Stabilization Fund, what does that mean?

Mr. Perez: Right now at the moment, you're slightly above the 18 1/2.
There's about $1.3 million above that.         The $300,000 would be
accommodated within the Budget Stabilization pending whatever else you do
the rest of the year obviously. It eats away from your reserves and your
flexibility.

James Keene, City Manager: May I add to that?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

Mr. Keene: We're still in the early stages of updating the estimates for the
Fiscal Year 2017 Budget, but we're now more in a potential deficit situation.
We'll either be having to make cuts there or we look at the Budget
Stabilization Reserve Fund. While we've done a good job, I think, of
estimating our potential Infrastructure Plan deficit funding, I think if we have
alternatives, we should still be careful about drawing down on the reserve
                                                                             Page 19 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
