                          TRANSCRIPT
moved out. This also goes into upcoming Committee as a Whole where if
any of these things could also be screened. I know that you've said that
Staff's going to need more time to have that kind of master plan of the work
plan. We could have some preliminary discussion that allows us to give
some feedback without being definitive on that. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: What my light had been on actually for earlier was
to add one more item to this. To have Staff return with options on how not
to erode our existing housing stock. That's akin to previous Policy H-29. It's
not in here. We have nothing that addresses erosion of existing housing
stock.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: No, that doesn't change anything about housing
stock. It just has to do with how the housing stock is used.

Mayor Burt: I would say that we actually have a slew of things that aren't in
this motion. They're all things that we commented on tonight and have
given feedback to the CAC about an interest in including in the Comp Plan.

Council Member Holman: Agreed.

Mayor Burt: This is only about things that we want evaluated feasibility on
in the nearer term.

Council Member Holman: Agree, understood. This is something we haven't
given any direction on at all as a group.

Mayor Burt: We did in comments. We just aren't having it in the motion.
We had a whole bunch of things that we had in comments, and that was
commented on.

Council Member Holman: Is Staff clear on the intention? Is Staff clear on
the intention that do we want to have some options coming back to us about
how we can stop the erosion?

Mayor Burt: Let me clarify. I wasn't saying that the options on that are going
to come back in the nearer term. I was saying that that's something that we
gave feedback to the CAC on, and that's amongst another whole ten things
or so that are not in this request for nearer term evaluation of feasibility on.
They are feed back to the CAC. Everything not covered there ...

Council Member Holman: I'm confused. I thought what Jim just said was
what we didn't do tonight, which was on our Agenda was give direction to
the CAC.
                                                                        Page 113 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
