                          TRANSCRIPT
Whether it's enforced or not, it's still on the books so I can't imagine it
wouldn't have a significant impact on somebody who's trying to sell their
business. That is interfering in certain private property right, which the City
can do, but I have real concerns about the implications of that. I'll just stop
there in the effort to be brief.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach:          Thank you, Council Member Holman, for
proposing this. This addresses my major concern. Ultimately, what we're
faced with in the recommendation was two very, very different policy
initiatives. One relating to the sale of tobacco and the other relating to the
use of smoked tobacco. I think we should take them up separately. I was
on Policy and Services last year and definitely did participate in some of the
conversations about multifamily housing. I'm excited to pass that and move
that forward. I think that's extremely important, but I think we need to do a
little bit more work and think a little bit harder before we move forward with
the other parts.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: You're good. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm not going to support the substitute Motion. It's
really important, frankly, that we deal with issues like flavored tobacco,
which are the things that hook kids. These are marketing ploys basically to
get more and more younger people. If you don't start smoking—I forget the
age; you probably know, Nicole—by a certain age, you're really unlikely—do
you know what it is?

Ms. Cox: Definitely before 26, when the brain stops developing. Typically
it's around 21.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's really what we need to do, focus on how we
don't get young people hooked. What a tobacco Ordinance like this does is
protect children from getting hooked, and young adults. I will say that at 21
to 26, you're obviously young adults. I think it's really important that we do
this. Unless we want to spend the money going through and enforcing this,
it's really great that we can partner with the County to have them do it.
However, if the regular Motion comes back, I think I would like to move the
addition that we do delete "(f)(2)" or have the Staff work to delete "(f)(2)"
which is the change of ownership in business. That could have an impact,

                                                                         Page 65 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
