                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Thanks, Jonathan, for the presentation and to
your team for all the good work that they do. One question I wanted to—I
guess two quick questions and then maybe a more challenging one. Is there
anything that other cities are doing, that you've seen that we're not doing,
and that we should be or are we perfect? Which is a totally acceptable
answer.

Mr. Reichental: At a City of our size, we don't really have comparables.
Often our peer cities are looking to us to sort of break new ground. I don't
know why I'm stumped, but I can't think of something that we either are not
working on or thinking about that another city is doing, that I wish we would
do. I get great support from the City Manager here to pursue a lot of this.
There's lots of very interesting things happening in the world of the internet
of things, having smart traffic signal systems. We're doing that too. I'll
have to get back to you when I think of it. Right now, I can't think.

Council Member Berman: That's a good ...

James Keene, City Manager: I'm not ignoring you all. I'm actually sending
in a 311 app. request on a broken bike rack that I saw this morning while
he's talking.

Council Member Berman: Thank you, Jim. Thank you for the transition,
because I wanted to ask about the 311 app., which I think is great. I had an
experience a couple of months ago where some residents reached out about
a crosswalk between (inaudible) School and the Jewish Community Center
(JCC). We had some problems with the 311 app. First, we couldn't find the
work order on there. Then I think it said it was completed. What was
completed was a work order had been put in to make improvements to the
crosswalk, but the improvements hadn't actually been made. The resident
saw that and thought nothing's completed. Do we have user experience or
constantly kind of looking for bugs and making improvements? What kind of
training does Staff have to make sure that they're using it properly?

Mr. Reichental: I'm very familiar with that particular instance. Fortunately,
that is the exception. Of course, it happens. When a ticket, an issue, is
moving between departments, there can often be some bumps along the
way. Generally the feedback—you're able to give feedback in the app.—is
very, very positive. People get the issue resolved, and there's transparency.
We have now finally rolled it out to all the departments that are community-
facing, and they're all at different levels of training. One of the kind of
interesting consequences of doing something like this is it forces
departments to really understand their existing processes, their manual
ones.    Sometimes when you take a manual process that maybe isn't

                                                                       Page 10 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
