                          TRANSCRIPT
tonight, and it will be less formal than we often have because we want it to
be a dialog with the CAC, is because we view you as advisory not only to our
Staff but to the Council directly. This is one of the few opportunities that we
have to have that discussion with you. That's why we tried to work the rest
of our Agenda so that we would be able to have adequate time to have
dialog. In that vein, what I'd like to do is ask and encourage the Co-Chairs
to provide us with any remarks that they would like to do to help frame
things on behalf of the Committee, both in terms of any questions that you
would like the Council to try to respond to as well as information and
guidance that you think is important for us to receive this evening as well.
As I understand it, Co-Chair Garber, were you going to kick things off?

Dan Garber, Citizens Advisory Committee, Co-Chair: Yeah. Thank you,
Mayor Burt. I want to thank the Council for establishing the CAC. It's a
very important Committee. It's filled up with community members which
are very serious about this, with a great work ethic and are rather
enthusiastic about participating in it. I will briefly introduce them, as one of
the other Council Members had suggested. You can just raise your hand; I'll
read off your names. Len Filppu, Annette Glanckopf, Jennifer Hetterly,
Hamilton Hitchings, Shani Kleinhaus, Lydia Kou, Stephen Levy, Don
McDougall, Julia Morgan, Mark Nadim, Bonnie Packer, Lisa Peschcke-Koedt,
Alex ...

Mayor Burt: You're going too fast.

Mr. Garber: I'm going too fast. Alex van Riesen, Amy Sung, Doria Summa,
Jason Titus, Elaine Uang, Elaine Uhrbrock and Bob Wenzlau. Then, there are
three nonvoting members: Whitney McNair, who's here this evening, Adrian
Fine from the Planning Commission, and Heidi Emberling. That is it. Both of
the Co-Chairs are committed to make our meetings a safe place for
everyone to express themselves, both members of the Committee as well as
the community. We've also committed to making sure that all views are
aired. Before I go on, I just want to also thank my Co-Chair who I have
really enjoyed creating a very strong and supportive working relationship
with. It has been a privilege to be working with you, and I think it's been
great so far. The CAC—I'm going to speak briefly about the Committee
itself, although, not specifically to the DEIR. The Mayor, just before this
Item, had asked if there was a little status report that we could give. I'm
going to talk just briefly about our process that has evolved and how we are
addressing the various elements of the Comp. Plan. Then, my Co-Chair,
Arthur, is going to talk a little bit about the things that are sort of beyond
our scope that we're looking for some help from the City Council on. We
have a very compressed schedule. Where the previous Comp. Plan had four
years to deal with these things, we've got a year and a half. The previous
                                                                             Page 46 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
