                          TRANSCRIPT

If you add half second, like that. There's a sliding scale. Maybe you could
add that in the explanation of the Guidelines, because then you'll get more
differentiation in projects. I think that's going to be the most useful thing.

Ms. Gitelman: If could interject. Your suggestion is that in that Criteria 1b,
we say something about the magnitude of the less than significant impacts.
It's not just whether you have significant, but what's the magnitude of the
remnant impact.

Council Member DuBois: I think you could apply that to many of these.
Rather than being yes/no, it's a scale.         Things like if they're below
quantitative zoning standards, they might score more points. The things
about quality, I think we should encourage people to bring a project that
gets through ARB in fewer meetings. I think part of how ARB is used is to
find the edge of what's acceptable. If a great project came and the ARB
approved it in the very first meeting, I think they should get more points
than somebody who comes back six times. On parking, the footnote said
there's no penalty if they use reductions. I'd actually like to change that and
say that a project that doesn't use exemptions could score more points. I
think you get the idea. The other question I had is how this is going to
work. I think what we intended was to rank projects based on the quality
and not necessarily look at a basket of projects. If we had a project that
was 49,000 square feet and it scored extremely high and then we had five
projects that scored moderately well at 10,000 square feet each, how would
we look at that?

Ms. Gitelman: I think the highest scoring project is going to get the highest
score. If it's the 49,000 square foot project, that leaves no allocation for
anybody else.

Council Member DuBois: Again, there was no idea that we were trying to
maximize the 50 or score a basket of projects, and I think that's right. I
think we wanted the highest quality project. If you look at this table you
gave us, we're a little bit over 52,000. If that 28,000 square foot project
scored low hypothetically, the way the ordinance is set up, would we then
approve only 22,000 square feet?

Ms. Gitelman: The double asterisks is important here. The way the
ordinance is set up, that 28,000 square foot project and the one that's 2,984
and the one that's 6,096 will be evaluated first. Those projects basically will
receive an allocation; they have priority. It's really just the 9,000 and the
5000 square foot projects that are going to be competing.
                                                                         Page 53 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
