                         TRANSCRIPT
interpretation and an application of the Secretary of the Interior Standards
for Rehabilitation, expanding out to perhaps the nth degree to provide
homeowners with the best advice that we can possibly provide them at this
time, given the budget that we have and the time constraints that we had to
prepare this product again within the CLG grant period. Lastly, the question
of what is the City or what is the department doing in terms of single-story
review, that is actually a question which I will kick back to the Director to
answer.

Ms. Gitelman: We are currently undertaking a review of the IR program as
the Council is aware. I think the Planning Commission's had one hearing on
that subject and will have another one in the future. This question of
whether the Council would be interested in revising the IR program to cover
single-story homes in Professorville is something that, I think, we'd like the
Council's direction on at some point. If not this evening, then at some point
in the future. It's a concept that's been floated now for several years, and
one that we should ultimately get the Council's input on. I'd just say one
more thing. Whenever you're ready, Mayor Burt, we can go through the list
that was provided and can sort them into the two buckets if you like.

Mayor Burt: Within the single-story question, there were two parts. One is
what if any constraints we have on removal of single-story homes. The
other is what review we have of replacement of single-story homes.

Ms. Gitelman: Currently, there's no constraint on the removal of a single-
story home. Although, we do as a policy matter ask that the replacement
home be approved before the demolition occurs. If that replacement home
is a two-story home, the IR process would kick in.

Mayor Burt: If the replacement is a single-story home, no IR process would
apply even in Professorville?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Hillary has said that they've gone through and kind
of sorted these. Let's step a back too in that it's 10:40 P.M.. We have the
Architectural Review Board (ARB) Findings that are agendized for tonight.
Doesn't look to promising on getting through both of these items. I'll just
say that upcoming meetings don't have room. It's not as if we can just push
these things out readily. We also have a question of what we think we could
accomplish tonight and what we want to deal with as the highest priority
tonight. I guess before proceeding even and hearing from Director Gitelman
on these two buckets that she's had, what do we want to try and do tonight?
Vice Mayor Scharff.

                                                                       Page 73 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
