                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: I want to pile on the kudos from my colleagues on
the work that you guys have been doing and the presentation tonight.
When we were renovating the libraries, we really wanted them to become
more than just an area to check out or read books. We wanted them to
become mini community centers across town. I think the breadth and depth
of programs that exist now really show that that is the case, and that's
fantastic. The two complaints that I get the most about our libraries are not
enough parking at Main Library and they're not open enough. Those are two
good problems to have. The Walk and Roll maps that you guys provided are
a great way to try to tackle the parking problem. We've moved to increase
the hours that the libraries are open and can continue to look at that. I'm
understanding of the problem that it might sound easy to just tack on an
hour here or an hour there, but for staffing that can create bigger challenges
than it might seem. I'm glad that we're at least analyzing the different
options. One of the questions that I had—forgive me if you covered this in
your presentation. I was listening and also reading through all the material
at the same time. I noticed that for the Children's Library—I can understand
the fluctuations. Rinconada came online, and so it might drop a little
Downtown and College Terrace. For the Children's Library, that dropped
considerably; the checkouts in books and other items dropped considerably;
although, branch visits did not drop that much. Were there a lot of people
using Children's Library who would otherwise use Rinconada? I don't recall
exactly how we handled that transition. I'm getting a lot of nods that that
might be the case.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: I'll help you with that one. Actually, it's
probably more Mitchell Park that has moved some people. I think a lot of
people in the south part of Palo Alto would come to Children's as a
destination.    Now, Mitchell Park for them is closer and also quite a
destination if you combine that with the park and the Magical Playground
and any other activities that are going on there. That is our sense, that
circulation has moved that way. Rinconada has a small children's section
mostly for kids who come late at night with their parents. Our educated
guess is that it has moved more towards Mitchell Park.

Council Member Berman: Mitchell Park has a great area in the back. I'm
going to call it the kiddie zone. I don't know if that's actually what it's called
or not.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Yeah, the kid zone. By square footage, it is the
same public service space as Children's Library is. They're equal in size;
however, the use—they have many similar things, but they do have a very
different vibe, if you've been to each children's area. That's great. People
need choices.
                                                                          Page 14 of 104
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/4/16
