                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: I guess I would be in favor of doubling, at least be
able to use two stickers. This is a session on Priorities, what is the Council
Priority. It's hard to give a Priority if you have a maximum ...

Mayor Burt: No, it's not absolute Priorities; it's just dividing in kind of two
halves of most important and important. I think we've kind of had a
consensus and gone past that. We're going to not double. Council Member
DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I'm sorry to delay. I have one that was really a
question before I write it up there. The Fry's project, I know we put it off.
Do we need to talk about it at all this year? Are we going to end up not
talking about it and then being in a rush (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I think that's pretty granular.     You're welcome to put it up
there. If there are stickers, then ...

Council Member Dubois: I just thought if somebody had an answer that we
absolutely don't need to worry about it this year, I (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: I think we have a lot of different things that could fall into this
kind of discussion. We really do.

Council Member DuBois: It was on our list last year.

Mayor Burt: Ready, break.

Council took a break from 12:22 P.M. to 12:53 P.M.

3.    Priorities and Staff Work Plan: Getting the Work Done.

      A.    Council’s Priorities Projects.

Mayor Burt: At this time, we're going to continue on Item Number 3 which is
Priorities and Staff Work Plan: Getting the Work Done. Everyone, the meeting
is reconvening now. The first aspect of this, while our Staff is going to be
pulling together somewhat of a dot count, is the review of the current projects.
The City Manager, I think, wanted to provide us some context for what's going
on and some of his thoughts. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members.
Every year the Council is expanding or deepening or building on your process
for delivering on Priorities and results that you want to see. Again, just
harkening back to last year, in one sense even as imperfect as that quick little
dot exercise is, it's further than we got last year. I would say I know that there
was an effort for us to get out the work plan and get Council feedback. We
                                                                         Page 53 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
