                         TRANSCRIPT
coming back to the City Council again to prioritize that. If the Council is
interested in moving that forward we can see that done by the done by the
end of this year.

Council Member Filseth: I'll think about that. It seems to me—as other
people have pointed out, there's not a lot of neighborhood opposition to this.
It seems like a logical thing to do. It's more a question of process as what's
the right way to do it.

Mayor Burt: I would like to wade in on both the specific variance before us
and then give some context on this Code. I actually have a recollection of
how this came about and the discussions that occurred. If we had before us
a request for a variance that didn't have this sort of significant, unusual
circumstances, I would have a real problem granting a variance even if I
didn't like the Code, which I don't. Seeing foremost the three other lots are
200 feet deep and this one is not. You look at it, and that's certainly a big
part of the driver here. It excludes the corner lots. I happen to know the
next block westward or southwestward has actually shorter setbacks through
that block. The mirroring houses across the street don't have as deep of a
setback as we would be requiring here. I find acceptable reasons to make
the finding. I'd just like to share with folks the process. It was probably
close to 15 years ago when we did the zoning ordinance update after the last
Comprehensive Plan. I lost out to a majority of the Planning Commission, as
I recall, and made the argument at the time that this calculation was not one
that would result in maintaining the neighborhood setback, which was the
intention. Over time, it would create new setbacks predominantly deeper
and deeper. Our intention was to preserve a neighborhood character. This
actually over time would work against that. I thought it was goof at the
time. I'm surprised it's taken this long to percolate to this point. There are
several issues.    One is the fallacy of the average becoming the new
minimum, thereby continually creating a new deeper and deeper average.
Council Member Holman raised the issue of should there be a broader
context, should the houses across the street be there. When you have four
houses defining a context, that just leaves it wide open to anomalies. That
seems to be the case here. I think that covers the areas that should be
reexamined in the Code. Fundamentally, we're seeing a non-contentious
request for a variance and an adequate basis to make the findings for the
variance. I'll be supporting the motion. Council Member Wolbach. Council
Member Holman, you already spoke. If we go again, we're going to open it
up to everybody. I'll let it if it's very brief. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Okay. Briefly.

                                                                        Page 36 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
