                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Some of you know I just recently ran for reelection.
I can pretty much guarantee there is very little appetite in this community
for raising the speed limit. If anything, there's an appetite for controlling it.
I cross Embarcadero in the morning frequently to walk, as Jim knows. The
speed is phenomenal. While it would be very tempting to alter it so that you
could do that, I have sat here at another point where people have come and
just filled the chambers at even the thought of raising the speed limit on one
street in this community. For some reason, it is absolutely one of those
buzz points that just gets everyone down here to talk about it. I know it
doesn't make a lot of sense. It seems as though if you could do that, that
would allow us to use radar, and that is a very effective tool. I just haven't
heard support for it. While community meetings sometimes are a good idea
simply to vent, because people do. If there's one thing they do want to talk
about, it's traffic. Without question. The amount of traffic, how fast it's
going, how it's going through their neighborhood, how it is not—they'd
prefer it goes …

Mayor Burt: Questions?

Council Member Kniss: I did it again.

Mayor Burt: We'll have comments. I'm sorry. I take it back. This is a
Study Session. Feel free to mix questions and comments. I take it back.
Sorry.

Council Member Kniss: I can continue on my tirade here. As I said, having
listened to this very frequently over the past three months—if there is
somebody out there, I'm sorry we don't have an instant feedback system
that we have of the public calling right in and saying no, no, no. As I've
said, I'd be very surprised if you find someone in the community who is
saying please raise the speed limit on Middlefield. I will ask one question of
you, Josh. I think that Alma controls itself relatively well, because those
lanes are quite narrow. I don't know if that's my own perception of them
being narrow. I've never gotten out and measured them. Certainly in the
Downtown area, they feel tight enough so that I notice people do slow down
as they get into that area.

Mr. Mello: The segment of Alma where we found a discrepancy between the
speed limit and the 85th percentile was the segment between University and
Lincoln. That's the segment that's 25 miles an hour. In order to conduct
radar enforcement, we would likely need to raise that speed limit to 30 miles
an hour.

Council Member Kniss: I hear what you're saying, and I'm intrigued that
we're bringing this up again tonight. It would be fun to go back through our
                                                                           Page 31 of 64
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/21/16
