                           TRANSCRIPT
from Fiscal Year 2016 to Fiscal Year 2017 with the exception of Fees that
could impact community events.

Council Member Wolbach: I just wanted to follow up because I also share
this concern. I was a little uneasy when it came to Finance before. The
term I heard used was general maintenance or routine maintenance.
There's a general maintenance exception currently. I just wanted to make
sure I was really clear. That's in our Code; that's in the State Code. If it's
in the State Code, it's at least referenced by our Code?

Mr. Hoyt: That is in the State Code, and it was adopted just a couple of
months ago. It'll be effective—the new version will be effective January 1st.

Council Member Wolbach: Is there any explicit reference to that in our Code
or it's just kind of assumed?

Mr. Hoyt: It's in the State Code as we have adopted it.

Council Member Wolbach: That's sets me at ease on that issue. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: There needs to be something else that's clarified
besides the special events. I don't think I misunderstood this. At Finance,
Council Member Wolbach and I struggled with this. If we're just going to
swap out a toilet, swap out this or that—we had this conversation about
maintenance, which is very different than the conversation that we've had
tonight. As I've understood it this evening, if you're going to replace a toilet
that's gone bad or if you're going to do an environmental upgrade, you
wouldn't be charging the $81. At Finance, we were told you would be
charging the $81. We even did a thing about—one of us went online and
said a new toilet basically costs X amount of dollars. We were adding like
half again the price of the toilet to it. There's a disconnect between what we
were understanding at Finance and what we're being told tonight. Somehow
or other that needs to be clarified.

Mayor Burt: You have to convert that into an amendment to the Motion to
have it actionable.

Council Member Holman: The amendment would be for Staff to return with
Finance with clarification about what a project is and what a repair is.
Maybe you have different language.

Mayor Burt: Is that acceptable to the maker?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes.
                                                                          Page 96 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
