                          TRANSCRIPT
garages. The fact that there are a few properties in the District that do not
currently have garages, and that you would like to not see them not be able
to add garages.       The way the Guidelines are currently written, we're
presuming that there might be an instance in which someone doesn't have a
garage and they want one, and so we provide guidance about how you
might be able to do that without detracting from the historic significance of
the structure. Put it at the rear of the lot, I don't know all the details, but
it's in there. Similarly, for new additions, there's a figure that I think,
Council Member Holman, you're objecting to that shows a rear addition
that's a little larger and protrudes above the front of the structure. You
could suggest in your Motion that we delete that figure that you find
problematic.      You could also direct us to change the provision on
subdivisions. We suggest here in the Guidelines that there may be—it's
probably very few if any at this point—some larger lots where one
preservation strategy might be to subdivide the lot and let someone build a
small subsidiary structure on the new parcel as a way to get the resources or
the attention needed to preserve the larger structure. I've done enough
damage here. Maybe I can ask Jonathan to respond a little further to the
question about post-1940 buildings and ...

Jonathan Rusch, Page and Turnbull: Also feasibility will be determined.

Ms. Gitelman: That'd be great.

Mr. Rusch: Sure. The intention of the division between the 1930s and
1940s was kind of a clear point at which you can say that prior to the point,
given our viewpoint now of 50 years beyond 1940, that we can look back
and see that there are similarities between those homes in terms of
construction techniques, for instance, materials used, fenestration patterns,
windows. After that point, there are new design idioms that are introduced,
new materials, new construction techniques, new types of windows. The
Guidelines were set up so that you recognize that previous to that point is
really the core of the Historic District. It's really your older, significant
resources, contributing properties, after that point that may provide the
setting for the historic homes, may actually relate to historic homes in terms
of some materials, like wood shingles or the spacing on the lots for instance,
but maybe don't support every historic aspect of Professorville's historic
character. It was important to divide those two things out in the Guidelines
to have the earlier period where you really focus on historic materials, and
then the later where we discuss those elements that really reinforce the
context for historic homes. I do want to mention that the Guidelines do
have a provision for homes that are individually significant that are from the
later period. It's been mentioned that there are Eichler homes in the
neighborhood that are definitely of a different character than the earlier
                                                                        Page 63 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
