                          TRANSCRIPT
come from older brass fixtures or meters, but we don't think that's
necessarily the source. We didn't see any real correlation between the older
fixtures, older services and the actual lead levels in the samples we took. It
didn't seem to be correlated with them at all. We're pretty confident that
we're looking at customer plumbing issues here. Overall, because we're
seeing such relatively low levels, because customers can control lead levels
in their water independently through changing plumbing or through using
filters, we're not recommending action.        The other reasons we're not
recommending action are that the State and the Federal governments are
both considering action on lead. We want to wait and see where that's
going. That's the basis for our recommendation.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: The Report and the data look very positive. We're
doing well compared to all the surrounding agencies. There was one
sentence in the Report that just stopped me. Maybe you can go a little
further with it. On Packet Page 79, last sentence of the first paragraph says
the public health goal of 0.2 parts per billion was determined from a
maximum daily lead intake through water ingestion that corresponds to a
level of concern for neurobehavioral effects in children designated as a
decrease of one intelligent quotient point. In our sample of 37, we had 10 of
the 37 that were ten times—no, well above the 0.2. A drop in IQ point in a
child for ingesting the minimum amount, and we have many over that?

Mr. Abendschein: You'd like me to speak to that a little bit?

Council Member Schmid: What does that mean?

Mr. Abendschein: I think what's important to understand about the public
health goal is, first off, it's set around places that have fairly high other
environmental sources of lead. Part of what they're trying to do is protect
children who are also receiving lead from the air, from dust, from paint. I
don't really have information on how Palo Alto compares, but I would be
surprised if Palo Alto had as high an exposure to other lead sources as …

Council Member Schmid: The sentence is only parts per billion of water, of
drinking water.

Mr. Abendschein: Right. What the OEHHA is doing is they're saying that
blood level that affects the child's neurological development is based on lead
from all sources, not just water. They say if you're getting lead from all
these other sources at fairly high levels, your water needs to be really clean
to try and protect children in those situations. They add in a safety factor on
top of that as well. It's belt and suspenders as well.
                                                                         Page 58 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
