                         TRANSCRIPT
on a percentage basis. They had already after three full months of operation
participants of 400 car trips per day, which is 200 roundtrips, but not
everyone of those is a reduction because now two or three people are
sharing a car instead of one. Ballpark, it's probably 125 roundtrip car trips
that it's reducing per day as of a month and a half ago. Within a couple of
months, it'll probably be up to a couple of hundred. Those are real numbers
at low cost to the City. Those are the kinds of program that we can roll out
if we had the funding. The reason I bring up that example and the various
things that we could do, that we have, our Downtown TMA has a plan at the
Council request, and it's an unfunded plan. We had a lot of pushback from
the business community against moving forward for a business license tax
that would be able to achieve those outcomes in short order and solve their
problem and solve our problem. There's an alternative that can get some of
this going. It was in one of the recommendations that Neilson Buchanan
had made back, I think, in February and again more recently. In order to be
eligible to buy an employee permit, your employer must either have a
Transportation Demand Management program or be a full paying participant
in our Downtown TMA. This could really kick start the actual getting people
to use other means to get to Downtown, carpooling or transit or biking or all
the other means that we have. I'm really interested in pursuing that. I
don't think the community wants to wait another 2-3 years to see about
launching those programs through the business license tax, which may very
well happen in that timeframe. We really want to get going on solving these
problems sooner rather than later. I'm going to be real interested in
colleagues' thoughts on that. Finally, on this question of objectives, I heard
Neilson Buchanan state a number of things that sound to me like their
strategies, not objectives. Those are valid. What I meant by objectives are
at a higher level. The ones that come to my mind—I think when this comes
back we should really be looking at establishing some clarity on what is it
we're trying to achieve through these programs. The first objective to me
would be to significantly reduce the impacts of employee parking on
neighborhoods. Objective Number 1. Number 2 would be to not transfer
those impacts to outlying neighborhoods. Number 3 would be to allow for
reasonable transitions for those employees who would be restricted from
parking in the neighborhoods. Fourth, to mitigate the impacts of our
restrictions on low-income employees.         Finally, through all of these
measures, to reduce the congestion resulting from those same trips of
parkers to Downtown who are creating car trips. I'd be really interested in
whether we want to give guidance to the Staff to return with some set of
objectives along those lines when they come back in December in January.
Otherwise, I think we hear people, "No, this thing's all about one goal. No,
it's about this goal." It goes around in circles. Why don't we just put out
there with reasonable clarity what we're trying to accomplish here? Those
are my main comments. Let's see. I'm interested in Staff comment on
                                                                       Page 98 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
