                          TRANSCRIPT
nice to know. The position you're in—I please beg of you to give us our
grocery store, to make that the priority here, and to make this PC Ordinance
really work for once for the City. You've got three grocery stores out there.
If this one fails and you let him get away with it, the other two will be here
sooner or later asking for the same privilege of being able to get out of the
grocery store business. Please find a way to do this. Let's make it happen.
Let's put the penalties out there big time now. I was patient a year ago;
I've lost my patience. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Steve Eittreim.

Steve Eittreim: My name is Steve Eittreim. I live a couple of blocks from
Edgewood Plaza. I want to urge you strongly to take the strongest action
you can to incentivize Sand Hill Properties to do the right thing and get a
grocer in this very nice space, very nicely remodeled. I appreciate John
Tze's reaching out to the community years ago as the developer was
planning the whole property, but I have lost patience as all my neighbors
have. It's been 18 months. We need a grocer there. I don't see why it
can't happen. We don't understand the finances of it, but there's something
stuck. I wanted to make two main points. One is that as I eat my breakfast
at home, I'm looking out the window onto Ivy Lane. When Fresh Market was
open, we saw lots of foot traffic and bike traffic in front of us back and forth.
When Fresh Market closed, that kind of stopped. When I think of all the
extra miles that are being driven for people to go to their grocery store, the
extra carbon in the air for our grandchildren, it pains me. We need to fix it.
Another point I want to make is that I have heard the comment that this is
not a good place for a grocer, it's not the right space, not the right place. If
you just look at a Google map and ask for the grocery stores to be put on
there, you'll see this is a space in Palo Alto that is uniquely missing a grocer.
Grocers all around, about a mile, mile and a half, but nothing at that corner
of Channing and Embarcadero. We need a grocer there. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Hamilton Hitchings.

Hamilton Hitchings: Hello. I'm a member of the Citizen Advisory Committee
(CAC), but these are my own comments. I'm also a neighbor, and I live in
the Duveneck neighborhood. I love going to Fresh Market. I can walk
there; I don't have to get in my car unlike going to Whole Foods or Safeway.
We really enjoyed having it there. It hasn't been there for 18 months.
When John Tze got up and told you this was a great place for a grocer
before he sold $30 million worth of townhouses, and now after he sold the
$30 million worth of townhouses, he's telling you it's difficult to find a grocer
there, I think you have to reflect on that. He was fundamentally negligent,

                                                                          Page 23 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
