                          TRANSCRIPT
we do approve a project, there's unlikely to be a successful CEQA challenge
based on either parking or level of service or congestion. I think what would
be really interesting is we could just as a Council focus on LOS. It seemed
that there might be better metrics for congestion, which is really what
people—which I think Tom hit on it quite a bit. I agree it's how long does it
take me to get from A to B. I was wondering how easy it'll be for us to
develop how do we get from A to B when we look at new development and
when we look at projects that come before us and whether or not we could
build those in as opposed to level of service frankly. We could have
mitigations. Frankly, that could create all projects. I think it was Hillary
who said that. It could be a hook to get TDM programs for all new projects
basically and provide that nexus, which would be a real positive step
forward. Do you have any reaction to that in terms of better than LOS or is
LOS really what we're stuck with if we want to try and still deal with
congestion issues?

Mr. Mello: I think we have the tools to look at historical travel times along a
specific corridor by time of day, day of the week. Many of the modeling
tools that we use would still tend to look at intersection operations in order
to determine the travel time along a corridor. You'd probably just be looking
at a collection of intersections and looking at the level of service and the
amount of delay. I don't quite know that the tools are there yet to predict
travel times for a corridor as a whole without getting down to the
intersection level and doing exactly what we do today. Perhaps, looking at it
as more of a collection of intersections and maybe looking at a more—the
VMT tools will give us maybe a better handle on where trips are originating
from and traveling to and help us with our trip distribution calculations that
we use in TIAs. I don't know that we're necessarily there yet as a science to
predict, to get to the level that we need to get to.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Even with all the big data you were talking about, being
able to buy from Waze and being able to model it, looking at what actually
happened?

Mr. Mello: I think we're close. I would like to see us get to a place where
we have a dashboard, if you will, that shows the real time performance of
our transportation network, and we buy some of the data we need to look at
how our roadways are performing in real time ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can we have it next year?

Mr. Mello: ... and not have to do this historical audit that we typically do
when we're doing these kind of analyses.


                                                                        Page 36 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
