                          TRANSCRIPT
petition notes intrusion on weekdays during the daytime and overnight and
on weekends. That parking intrusion was attributed to congestion from East
Palo Alto and also from Edgewood Plaza.            The policy implications for
evaluating a program on those streets is that it's a very small area to
implement a permit program, and it potentially sets a precedent for RPP
implementation near small, neighborhood shopping centers. Some options
to consider in relation to this petition are to evaluate in the future after the
shopping center is fully occupied. That area could be incorporated into the
existing overnight parking program or could look at a larger area or you
could direct Staff to create a small RPP district that is freestanding in that
area. The second petition received is from three streets in Crescent Park.
These streets are adjacent to the boundary of the Downtown RPP district.
Residents on these three streets submitted these petitions requesting
annexation into the Downtown RPP district. Those petitions were due in
November, and this petition was received in January. The request for
annexation into the Downtown RPP district was past that deadline. The
streets in this petition that are part of the eligibility area that's been
approved for Downtown will be evaluated as part of that process. The
residents were told that these three streets would be evaluated separately
because they fall outside of the eligibility area. Although the petition was for
annexation to the Downtown district, the residents indicated interest in
resident permits only, which is not the current setup for the Downtown
district. Policy implications for a program in relation to this petition. A
resident-only program may move employee vehicles to other adjacent
streets as we've seen. It again is a very small area for a new program. The
Downtown RPP boundary is finalized, and we would require Council direction
and an updated resolution to modify. Some options in reviewing this
petition are to expand the Downtown RPP boundary and annex these three
streets or a new RPP district could be created. The Southgate neighborhood
also submitted a petition for the neighborhood as a whole. From the
petition, the residents report parking overflow between 8:00 A.M. to 4:00
P.M. on weekdays, primarily attributed by the residents to Palo Alto High
School students, School District employees, medical office employees and
Stanford employees and students.           The residents organized a parking
occupancy count and noted high levels of parking on blocks that are nearest
to Churchill Avenue and safety concerns related to emergency vehicle access
and bicyclists. Here's a screenshot of the occupancy counts that were
submitted showing high levels of parking closest to Churchill. Some policy
implications related to this program are that resident-only permits would not
address the cause of the parking issues and may just relocate the problem.
Engineering, enforcement, Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and
parking management options in addition to or in lieu of permits have been
suggested to residents but have not yet been evaluated. An in-depth
outreach and stakeholder process would be necessary to establish other
                                                                         Page 67 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
