                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Does the Clerk have results from the voting?

Ms. Minor: Yes, I do.

[The Council returned to Item 1.]

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We have ten speaker cards, so each speaker will allotted two
minutes each to speak. Our first speaker is Lynn Krug, to be followed by
Hamilton Hitchings. Welcome.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. I'll try
and make my two minutes quick. I'd like to say thank you to Ed Shikada
and Rumi Portillo who have taken over labor management, and that means
they're working with myself as Chapter Chair of Service Employees
International Union (SEIU) employees for the City of Palo Alto. We're
grateful for being able to work with them for positive issues and working
forward with the City. The reason I'm here tonight is because unfortunately
I didn't find this out until I saw the Budget a week ago Friday. There's a
position in there that Utilities is promoting that is a heavy equipment
operator/installer/repairer assistant to be converted to heavy equipment
operator/installer/repairer. I've worked in construction 22 years now. I've
worked in heavy and highway 90 percent of that time. Combining a heavy
equipment operator with a pipefitter installer is—although it might sound
fine if you don't work in the field, these two jobs have distinct
communication and duties for safety reasons. I'm here tonight to ask you to
pull this Budget item under Utilities Budget Adjustment, Item 3, from the
Budget. It is not a matter of scheduling and employee shortage. We have
seven equipment operators, 20 installer/repairer, installer/repairer assistant,
installer/repairer lead total. One of the issues is whether or not they share a
calendar. The heavy equipment operators, of which there are seven, share
four supervisors. Those supervisors, were they merely to share a calendar,
would take care of any employee assignments. This primarily is a safety
issue. When it comes down to it, the reason I'm here is because I strongly
and firmly believe combining these two job descriptions, one of a heavy
equipment operator who operates equipment that can kill somebody. I've
witnessed someone get hit with the heavy equipment on a loader before.
It's not safe. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Hamilton Hitchings to be followed by John Guisun.

Hamilton Hitchings: Good evening. First, I wanted to thank you for passing
80/30 and taking leadership in climate reduction. I'm very excited about
that and about your action. The reason I'm here tonight is to talk about the
                                                                         Page 6 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
