                         TRANSCRIPT
evening walks, people are walking there. I don't think I've ever gone on a
weekend day where there weren't 20 people in a given school parkland. I'd
like to see a clear statement, are these part of our open space park system.
I know there are constraints on it, but do we have some legal right, are we
paying for the upkeep of those grounds and, therefore, does a community
member at 6:00 P.M. at night have the right to walk through and enjoy the
quiet and the comfort that exists? Your map on Page 60, I know when you
get to the park search areas, you then identify schools. Are we searching
for something we already have and what are the legal rights of people to
wonder through, throw a ball, play basketball, whatever it be?

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Is that a question?

Council Member Schmid: No. It's a statement. If you want to answer it,
that's fine. That's what I would look for, reading through this. A second
sort of strategic issue. I've been in the City a long time, and I can
remember back in the '60s and '70s how parks and activities took place. My
feeling has been a profound change in the use of outdoors, especially among
kids. You no longer hear at a steady stream after 3:00 P.M. on an afternoon
kids playing in the street. When you go by a park, you see organized sports,
but very seldom are kids wandering out into a field to play a pick-up game.
What has happened is we have organized youth activities. There might be a
profound reason behind that. We have a lot of kids with both parents
working. Parents want to know where they are. Organized activities give
them a place for that. It seems to me there are still kids who are inside.
There was an incentive to go outside, maybe a different use. I'm surprised
sometimes driving by our parks and fields at 3:00 P.M. on a Sunday
afternoon, even a Saturday afternoon, they're empty. There used to be kids
playing ball out there with themselves, with small groups. Now, unless
there's an organized team on the field, these fields are empty. It raises the
question—we need those fields for the organized activities, but we need
them at given times. Is there a way of thinking about them—I think you
have on Page 93 and Page 82 described we need to think multiple uses of
some of these fields, how can we use them differently. One notion I think of
is what would get a young kid of 10 or 11 to go on his own to a school yard
or to a field if there's not necessarily an organized team, but rather a high
school kid who's on a basketball court. Anyone who comes, they say, "I'll
help you out. Let's play." If two people come, "Here's a game we can play."
Four people came, "We can set up a little two-on-two, and others can join
in." Maybe there's some informal way of getting disorganized activities
started. I think we need a little push from the Staff to have someone there
to help out, to not step in say, "Here's what we're going to do," but "What
would you like to do? Let's set it up so everyone can join." A 10-year-old
kid can walk out of the house and say, "I'm going to the school yard.
                                                                      Page 12 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
