                          TRANSCRIPT
I think is what the City had in mind when they enacted the ordinance.
Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Leonard Ely, to be followed by
our final speaker, Rita Vrhel.

Leonard Ely: I'm Leonard Ely. I live at 651 Seale. This is a good example
of things where you made a mistake, and it needs to be rectified. I would
imagine that when the lines were drawn for retail for this Interim Ordinance,
they were drawn to where retail was at the time. That has changed. Mayor
Burt summed it pretty well. Zoning has not adapted to this area. A retail
core in Palo Alto is a great idea. I don't think this is part of the core. If you
look at the map, it looks more like an amoeba. One of the tests that either
the Council or the Planning Department should use in granting or considering
waivers would be what the contiguous properties are and what their uses
are. If you look in that area, there is one retail automotive use about a half
block away, and then the nearest thing is Ace Hardware. I go to Ace
Hardware quite often. As Mr. Moss stated, it's been done very well, but I
always drive. It's not some place where I walk to. When Anthropologie first
went in years ago, I couldn't believe that it would be there as long as it was.
As far as Apple and Amazon being located there, the properties are way too
small. Those kind of tenants have to have 20,000, 30,000-square-foot
buildings. I think that's about it. As I say, I think the real test here should
be what it buts up to. It was originally an auto repair shop years ago at 100
Addison. Again, as Mayor Burt said, the zoning has not adapted to this
space. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. I think you've heard a lot of arguments today about
why this Ordinance should stay in place. If you do away with the Ordinance,
you will have every business owner of a retail space coming before you and
requesting an exemption. As far as the property on Addison is concerned,
they can put some windows in. They can make it more attractive. I don't
know what the price is that they're trying to rent it at. If it was $1.56, I'm
sure that it will rent again per square foot. There's probably a lot of room
where that can be improved. If you're talking about having it be what it
buts up against, then maybe this is an ideal location to consider some below
market housing, not a huge project but maybe three or four units. Perhaps
that would work. The place where North Face used to be is in an area, if I
remember correctly, where there are a number of multiple-unit four plexes.
Perhaps that's the place to put a limited amount of below market or
affordable housing. That could render you eight units. It probably would be
profitable for the landowner. It's near Downtown; it's near transportation.

                                                                         Page 69 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
