                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It doesn't matter. It hasn't been accepted by the maker.
Unless there's a second to that—if it's offered as an amendment, it would
need a second. Are you offering it as an amendment?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah.

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “inviting comments from the Humane
Society regarding the cost structure of the potential agreement.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: I do not hear a second. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Thank you all for being here tonight. I know some
of you have left. It was very good to hear both sides of the issue. I want to
go back. At the very beginning, it mentions on Page 1 that following the
Great Recession and the withdrawal of an agency, then Mountain View, that
it really changed both the budget and the facility after that. I remember,
Karen, you and I sitting in Policy and Services and discussing this at great
length, and tried to figure out how we could continue this. Just before I left
the County, one of my last contributions was to the animal shelter. There
was talk actually at that point of shutting it down. This has been an issue
for quite some time. When we're looking at this tonight, I think we need to
look at it in the history and the context of it. I support going forward as we
are. I think it's a very thoughtful motion. It doesn't commit us in the
future. It starts us down a path hopefully that will put us in a more stable
budget situation. That, as I recall, is why we first went out with an RFP,
looking for partners.      As I recall, this is the only organization that
responded. Am I correct?

Mr. Alaee: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: I think it's important. As we know, people often
care more for their animals than they do for their relatives, quite truthfully.
When Council Member Holman earlier mentioned an entire chambers filled
with people how were so concerned about the animal shelter, we realized
how important it was that it stay open. This has taken us to the place we
need to be tonight. Staff has had a lot of direction about where we're going
to go. Thank you for all you've done. Thank you to everyone who came
tonight. I'm supporting the Motion.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded
by Council Member Holman to direct Staff to proceed with exclusive
negotiations with Pets In Need, a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization, to provide
                                                                       Page 66 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
