                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Now that we have advanced modeling techniques, you could
actually do this in real time for a specific parcel, because you have all the
data already input into the model.          While this map just shows the
Google/North Bayshore campus, once the model is constructed, you could
actually look at this in real time for any specific parcel that you were
interested in.

Council Member DuBois: Seems like that's what you really want, actually a
simultaneous, multidimensional view with multiple destinations.

Mr. Louch: This is sort of one metric that we use among several that you
could get from the same kind of analysis that's done. Others have looked
much more along the path and other kinds of questions that you might ask.
This is just an example of the kind of thing it can produce.

Council Member DuBois: My last question. Thanks for the time. This
section on incremental impact and just thinking about incremental impacts.
In looking at North Bayshore in particular and Mountain View's thresholds,
over time that's gotten to be probably one of the worst—on Shoreline, those
intersections are probably some of the worst in the area, just incredible. It's
kind of a general question. What went wrong? Why didn't it work?

Mr. Mello: Each particular development is being judged as a standalone,
when you're looking at the impacts to level of service and to the
transportation network. We're not really set up to look at things holistically
and look at the ultimate build-out of an area. We tend to look at things very
piecemeal. As this development comes forward, what are its impacts going
to be? We try to do our best to anticipate development that's already been
approved, but that's a difficult thing to do. Over time ...

Council Member DuBois: These incremental (crosstalk).

Mr. Mello: These small, incremental impacts to level of service and the
transportation network are going to add up.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Mr. Mello:   Hillary has one thing to add before you move to the next
question.

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Hillary Gitelman again. If I can just add one
dimension to that. I'm not super familiar with all of the planning that's been
done around Mountain View, the Shoreline area. I would say that when a

                                                                        Page 20 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
