                         TRANSCRIPT
Pat Einfalt, The Christmas Bureau President: Thank you, Mayor Burt. On
behalf of the 16 volunteer members of The Christmas Bureau of Palo Alto
Board, many of whom are here this evening, I want to thank the City Council
for this important recognition of the work of The Christmas Bureau on this,
our 60th anniversary year. You can be sure that your testimonial to the
importance of our work on behalf of those in need in our community will
become an important part of our annual brochure as we begin our 2016
fundraising campaign. As a community organization, we are thankful to
those school nurses and social service workers who saw a need for this
service 60 years ago and started what became The Christmas Bureau of Palo
Alto. We are also grateful for the many, many volunteers who believed in
the importance of this mission and kept the organization going for so many
years. It is that perseverance and the annual receipt of many, many, many
wonderful thank you notes from recipients keep us on the Board today
determined to raise over $100,000 each year and then turn 98 percent of
those funds into monetary gifts in order to provide some holiday cheer to
our neighbors in need. Thank you for this special recognition. We invite you
to join us on Sunday afternoon, November 6th, when we will be telling and
showing more about our organization when The Christmas Bureau of Palo
Alto is the featured presentation of the Palo Alto Historical Association
program on that afternoon.       Thanks again.    I would beseech you as
individuals in the community to join us in our celebration of 60 years by
donating to our fundraising campaign. Thank you so much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you to all of your Board and everyone who
contributes to this great community contribution.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Now we will move on to the regular portion of our Council
meeting. The first item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have none. Our next item ...

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: If I get a second to this Motion, I would like to speak
to it. Because I am recused on Number 9 and it may run a little late, I have
to confess I'd love to be done a little earlier. The one that I cannot vote on
is Number 9, and I would like to politely ask if those of you who are sitting
here would be willing to switch and do Number 8 before Number 9, allowing
a couple of us to go home.

Council Member Berman: You mean Number 10 before Number 9?
                                                                        Page 2 of 100
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/26/16
