                          TRANSCRIPT
this nuance about uses that are operating but not—they're the two cases
that I talked about. The uses that we have are permitted in the districts
where they occur, but they were not permitted properly. They didn't get the
appropriate permits. There's this other case that I just mentioned in
response to the Mayor, which is a use that's just not permitted in the district
in which it occurs and it wasn't permitted properly. It's an illegal use.

Mayor Burt: Maybe we can use the term allowed under zoning, and then
permitting meaning a permit granted.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that clarification. Is B2B, business
to business, covered here anywhere? Is that considered retail in any of our
aspects of this ordinance? I don't remember reading about it anywhere.
How is that treated and handled?

Ms. Gitelman: We are guided by the definition of retail service in the Code.
I think retail service is sale of goods to customers. A business to business, if
it's like a wholesale, that wouldn't necessarily fall under the retail use.

Council Member Holman: Even though it's sales, it's more wholesale or big
scale?

Ms. Gitelman: I'm distinguishing between retail and wholesale. I'd have to
look at the exact definitions in the Code to respond with more precision than
that.

Council Member Holman: I did have one other question, and I'm not finding
it here. About basements. By the way, before I go any further, I so super
support what Staff's doing here. When you brought this forward, we had
asked you to, but you've done a really great job in this. Appreciate how
you're administering it and all the effort that you've put forward in this. On
Slide 3, the third bullet, basement retail and retail support. How is Staff
informed about what spaces are actually in retail use and retail support? I
know this is a concern of the Mayor's as well.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. This hasn't come up as much as
I thought it would. We haven't really been asked for interpretations or seen
conversions of basement in the time that this ordinance has been in effect,
that I'm aware of. I think we anticipate it will be difficult to administer
because we don't have a good baseline, other than in Downtown we have
the engineer's report for the Parking Assessment District, which we've
referred to on occasion when we get questions like this. That's one of the
issues, I think, we want to address in an ordinance about Downtown
specifically, which is can we create a bright line test for when is a basement
considered supportive of retail versus the building owner storing a bunch of
                                                                        Page 47 of 105
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 08/22/16
