                          TRANSCRIPT
paid parking. While those results aren't in yet and the Council hasn't taken
any action yet, I'm absolutely certain the recommendation we're going to be
making is going to be a shift to paid parking. That will have an impact.
Third, we've in many ways effectively eliminated 1,600 parking spaces in the
City during the past couple of years as we've implemented RPP. While we
allow some nonresident parking in there, we're not talking about building
three, five or ten parking garages; we're talking about building one that has
just under 300 parking spaces when we've lost 1,600. While we've also
made a commitment to moving over a period of time and reducing the
nonresident intrusion into the parking, we have to realize that that parking is
still going to have to go somewhere. This garage provides that opportunity.
Finally, as I mentioned earlier today, the actual count is 11 lots in the
Downtown outside of this one that are surface parking lots. Some of them
are small. Personally in many ways I'll probably regret saying this here right
now. I'd be happy to see, personally, housing built on some of those surface
parking lots all over the Downtown. Seeing as how it's been forever and we
haven't built any housing, I don't think we're in risk of overdoing it with
housing in the Downtown, even though I personally would think that could
be a good thing for us to do. I'm having a hard time understanding the risk
on this particular recommendation tonight.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask one clarification to a statement you just made?
When you said we've reduced 1,600 spaces, are you referring to we have
adopted a plan to eliminate 1,600 spaces that are currently Downtown
workers parking in the neighborhoods, of which 200 have already been
eliminated but 1,400 more will be pushed out of the neighborhoods? If we
add 300 spaces, we would have a net reduction of 1,100 cars coming
Downtown with the construction of this garage.

Mr. Keene: Not only that, I would say that the efforts we're going to be
putting into the TDM through the TMA and other things are going to take a
tremendous amount of focus and energy. I'm sorry. I just don't see that
100 percent of our impacts are going to be able to be offset by that. I think
this is de minimis by comparison.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.     Do we have a Motion to approve the Consent
Calendar?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Tom made it.

Mayor Burt: We already did. That's right. I'm sorry. It was a long time
ago. Motion to approve by Council Member DuBois, seconded by Vice Mayor
Scharff.


                                                                         Page 31 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
