                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stump: Council Member Holman, the language of that Code section only
pertains to Downtown. If you change this Penalty Schedule—this is a list of
numbers. This just is a …

Council Member Holman: Got it. There's not a way to do that.

Mr. Keene: There is a way to do it. The Council could go ahead and adopt
this as it is proposed right now. It allows an enhanced fine to be levied in
the conditions as expressed right now that are limited to Downtown. You
can ask us to come back subsequently to changes that could expand it
beyond Downtown. That would be the most—that's the only effective way to
probably make those changes. We still protect ourselves even in this interim
period for being able to apply this enhanced amount as it relates to these
Downtown structures. We can come back faster on a subsequent thing with
some direction than we can get to it tonight.

Council Member Holman: Maybe just pull this one out, and that would come
back by itself. The other thing is I'm …

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. Not …

Mr. Keene: I was suggesting not pull it out.

Mayor Burt: You don't mean pull it out.

Mr. Keene: I would say approve it …

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry.      You'll come back with just that one.
That's what I mean to say.

Mr. Keene: Yes.

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Council Member Holman: The other thing is having to do with language
that's on—which is in the Municipal Code. Page 54 talks about Code states
that "a person who demolishes a historic building in the downtown would be
subject to a civil penalty after court adjustment in a sum equal to the
replacement value of the building or an amount in the court's discretion not
to exceed $10,000." Clearly this language is very old. Once a building is
significantly altered or demolished, there's no replacement for it. Trees are
probably the next thing. Why are we not going to $10,000 at least, which is
what's here. Why $2,000? That's nothing. It's just nothing. You can
ponder that. Where is the pumping violation? Exceeding the number of
days that pumping is allowed. While you're looking for that, let me also
point out that the $2,000 schedules that are on historic buildings and, I
                                                                       Page 35 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
