                          TRANSCRIPT
peak hour for the right side. What this project does essentially is it takes a
10,000-square-foot restaurant and replaces it with 10,000 square feet of
retail plus 20,000 square feet of residential plus 10,000 square feet of office
space. Yet, the evening peak hour trips actually decline. I assume the
reason for that is that the current space is a restaurant which has heavier
traffic in the evening. If you replace it with something, it doesn't have so
much traffic. Is that the explanation for that? It seems counterintuitive to
take 10,000 square, add 30,000 square feet and traffic goes down.

Heather Ivey, Dudek Environmental Consultants: I'm Heather Ivey with
Dudek. We prepared the environmental study. We did not to do the traffic
analysis, but I can answer the question on that. If you look at the total
number of net project trips, it actually increases. The reduction is in the in-
trips that would be going into the restaurant. There would be an increase in
total.

Council Member Filseth: There's an increase in total trips.

Ms. Ivey: Seven.

Council Member Filseth: An increase in out-trips, but a decrease in in-trips.

Ms. Ivey: Correct.

Council Member Filseth: A restaurant is an allowed use under CN. If
another restaurant moves in, then presumably the in-trips doesn't go down.

Mr. Lait: Except that the way the project's been designed, restaurant would
not be a permitted use. There's insufficient parking to accommodate the
restaurant.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you. That's my first question. My second
question is—in the morning peak hour, the net trips increase by, I think, 12
trips in. If you look on Page 194 at the El Camino Real and Page Mill
intersection, which is one of the worst in town, it shows that the morning
traffic delay actually decreases from 65.7 to 58.8 seconds. Yet, we're
increasing trips, but delay is decreasing. That's seems counterintuitive too.

Mr. Lait: Thank you, Council Member. I think what we'd like to do is have
the consultant speak to that part of that report.

Council Member Filseth: It may be the same answer to the next one, unless
I missed something. My third question is what we're looking at here on
these pages has been existing plus project conditions. There's a second
section right afterwards where it's background plus project conditions, which

                                                                        Page 30 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
