                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Atkinson: Of a total 2,000 permits that was the cap for the overall
program, about 1,350 employee permits have been sold so far. In that
sense, there are permits available. However, people want a permit as close
to their place of work as possible. We have gotten feedback from people
who are annoyed that when they went in to get a permit in, say Zone 4, it
was sold out.

Council Member DuBois:     Do you have any idea if they went ahead and
purchased one?

Ms. Atkinson: They typically do, but we've also seen the Downtown garages
filling up as a result. We have a waitlist at the Cowper-Webster garage for
the first time.    We're implementing a valet parking program there in
response. People will say, "I could buy a permit in Zone 8 or I could buy a
permit in the Downtown garages." The Downtown garages are closer, which
is great.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman:         Council Member DuBois asked a couple of
questions that I had. I'm still actually confused. Maybe I'm just not getting
this. In District 1 say you have 100 parking spaces. We want, let's say, 35
percent to be available for employees who buy permits. Are you then selling
35 permits or are you selling 70 permits?

Ms. Atkinson: Going back to this ideal zone where there's 100 spaces
available, about 30-40 permits would be sold. We're not overselling. On
this map where we've stated 75 permits are available in Zone 1, we're not
overselling. That is the cap in the permit website.

Council Member Berman: Let's say you sell all 75, but you only expect—is it
50 percent or 30 percent of people to park?

Ms. Atkinson: It's about half of people. Half of permit holders park on any
given day. That's not hard and fast, but it's a rough estimate.

Council Member Berman: I just want to make sure (crosstalk).

Mr. Mello: At the end of the day, about 15-20 percent of the spaces are
occupied by employees.

Council Member Berman: I noticed on Packet Page 140, where you say in
June 2016 the permit data indicates that of a total vehicle count of over
3,000 vehicles in the Downtown RPP Program District, approximately 13
                                                                      Page 75 of 121
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 09/06/16
