                          TRANSCRIPT
office on the fourth floor of 285 Hamilton. That's the building right across
the street, that on the first two floors houses the City's Development Center.
The fourth and fifth floors are currently being renovated for a new tenant.
The Palo Alto Fire Department arrived on the scene in under 6 minutes.
After a quick search of the building and fast action by crews, the fire was
extinguished with a small amount of water, limiting damage to the building.
Smoke damage accounts for the majority of the estimated 50,000 foot loss.
Thanks to an officer's alertness and the quick response from firefighters
saved millions of dollars potentially. Obviously, in our case, it's allowed our
Development Center to remain unaffected and no impacts to the public.
We've mentioned this a couple of times before, and I'm getting, as I'm sure
you are, a lot of emails from folks who work out on East Bayshore in
particular. Again, started Monday, April 4th, Caltrans will be putting in place
one-way traffic on East Bayshore Road that will allow crews to work on the
replacement of the East Bayshore Road bridge. We expect there will be
significant delays in the area during construction and are posting all updated
information to our website, the cityofpaloalto0.rg/US101 Again, this is a
project being conducted by the State through its Caltrans Transportation
Department. For the most part, the best we can do is just keep the public
notified as much as possible on that. That's all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications, and we have one
speaker, Jim McFall. Welcome. You have up to three minutes to speak. As
I think you're aware, the Council is not permitted to discuss items that are
not on the Agenda.

Jim McFall: Yes. Thank you. Jim McFall. I'm here this evening along with
my neighbor, Christine Shambora. We both live in Southgate, adjacent to
Palo Alto High School. We are here to talk about—I'm certain one of your
favorite topics—residential parking. We are the co-chairs of the Southgate
Parking Steering Committee, pun intended, and wanted to provide you with
a brief update on parking, traffic and safety issues in our neck of the woods.
We've submitted a letter which you should have at places this evening,
which I'll briefly summarize. Southgate is a small neighborhood with narrow
streets, very narrow streets. So narrow, with the exception of one street,
that if cars are parked on both sides of the street, two cars can't pass each
other. It's so narrow that a bike and car can't pass each other. Over the
past several years, we've experienced a steep increase in the amount of
daytime parking in Southgate. Several of the blocks are completely parked
up during the day, which means that with cars on both of the streets, the

                                                                           Page 4 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
