                         TRANSCRIPT
that was brought forward to be able to get a better sense, if they don't
already know, how their employees feel. I think doing that every other year
is …

Vice Mayor Scharff: Beth makes a good point. (inaudible) interrupt for a
second. I actually want to see the 360 but doing it, as I've said, in terms of
interviewing people. In a small department such as Beth's or the Auditor's,
every other year may or may not be appropriate. I'm not sure yet. I have
to think about that. In the City Manager's, it's big enough and there's
enough department heads that you may split the departments and say we're
going to alternate. This year do these ten departments, and we're going to
alternate. I just knew I'd forget (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: That's a really good idea. Along those lines, I still
think the peer to peer is very important every year though. I agree with
what you're saying about this division that you just talked about. The peer
to peer, I think, should be every year.

Ms. Minor: Yeah. I think the peer to peer is good, because you get a sense
on how the four of us are working together. I think that's really important,
because we do have to work together as a cohesive group and support each
other and be able to learn, and then the subordinates or your managers
every other year or however you want to do it. All in all, working with Deb
and her group was really easy to do. Having her have the schedule laid out,
you were able to go, "Let's do this, this and this." From my perspective and
working with her, it was really smooth.

Harriet Richardson, City Auditor: I agree with pretty much everything that
has been said. Regarding the 360, when it comes to employees giving their
input, I know you know where I'm coming from with this. I would want
some way for MRG to be able to sort through what's just a disgruntled
employee trying to vent versus really getting something that's valuable and
useful for us to take forward for the future. I'm not sure how you go about
doing that. I think you know what kind of input you'll get. We've already
seen it. I think the 360 from the peers will balance that, because we have a
much different perspective of what goes on. We can see some of those
things that go on in a department where we could maybe provide some
balance to the comments that employees might make that aren't necessarily
productive. I'd really want to think about how we can make that process
useful when we get their input.

Ms. Figone: If I might jump in, just thinking out loud. It could be that,
depending on the feedback and the sorting through, recommendations if you
were open to them could be made from MRG about how to best support the

                                                                                    Page 15 of 20
                                            Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                              Transcript 11/16/16
