                          TRANSCRIPT
that collaborative process has brought forth. With your leadership, based on
data-driven, good policy work for transportation solutions that need a two-
thirds vote, which means it's a specific measure for specific, accountable
purposes, intentionally using conservative estimates so that we can deliver
everything on that screen as promised, this is the benefits to the City of Palo
Alto, its residents, its employers and north county. Without even including
the $1/4 billion for bike and pedestrian(ped) improvements throughout the
county and $1/2 billion for core transit and other key needs for the working
poor, disabled and seniors, just what we know for sure will be coming to
Palo Alto and north county is $1.405 billion in improvements. Thank you for
that work together. What troubles me is what I believe troubles many of
you. Those were your very public comments that we didn't want to place
this at risk and the polling would let us know if we did. Unfortunately, that
polling shows that it would. We lose six points in a measure that already
requires a 66.67 percent vote. We need each vote that we can get across
the county to be able to deliver to Palo Alto and north county 1.405 billion in
specific, accountable, guaranteed improvements that you can only get in a
two-thirds measure. A general purpose tax, as we all know, can be changed
by any time, by any Council, on any Council night over the nearly two
decade process. From what we understand from the Staff Report, it's about
$73 million that would be gained by a Palo Alto measure balanced against
$1.4 billion. We hope we'll continue to work together on a countywide
measure this year with guaranteed funds for north county and Palo Alto.
Thank you, Mayor and Council.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's return for discussion, including any questions
that colleagues have of the Committee. One of the things I was trying to
get across to Council Member Wolbach is this is a Council-driven initiative.
It's not a Staff one, so it's not really fair to ask them about intent. It's your
colleagues that you need to ask. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Mayor Burt, I'd like to try some comments and a
Motion, but do you want to move that quickly or do you want more
discussion among ourselves?

Mayor Burt: No, let's discuss it more ourselves.

Council Member Kniss: Why don't I have some discussion? I'll leave the
Motion for a bit. Several weeks ago, you know that we were asked to look
at the possibility of this tax that could be used for long-term transportation
solutions and traffic issues in our community. Our Ad Hoc Committee, which
included Pat, Karen, me and Greg Scharff, has met several times. You know
that the polling has been done. Both Dave and Charles are here tonight.
Thank you both for coming. We know your work, and we know that it's

                                                                          Page 70 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
