                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: By all means.

Mayor Burt: The more I think about this, we have an identified preferred
scenario of trenching. We've evaluated it essentially south of Loma Verde.
The most important thing for this environmental analysis is grade
separations rather than what type of grade separation. We all know that
there are permutations of impacts depending on the type of grade
separation. It's most of all about the CEQA analysis would look at grade
separated crossings as opposed to us trying to decide whether we only look
at the ones that are our preference or whether we simply say the main thing
is grade separations for purposes of this analysis.

Vice Mayor Scharff:   Why don't we just say we'd grade separation (sep)
Caltrain?

Council Member Wolbach:      I'm not clear on what the suggested change
would be.

Mayor Burt: Just call it grade separations. Then, we have a question of
whether we want to have that at just Charleston and Meadow that we'd
evaluate or we want to have it at all grade crossings as part of this
environmental analysis.    I would suggest that we have infrastructure
investment under the EIR scenarios looking at grade separations at all grade
crossings on 5 and 6.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm fine with that. The language I proposed
would include that as well, because it says at least Charleston and Meadow.

Council Member Berman: You had it in a trench.

Mayor Burt: You had it in a trench and "at least" could mean two. It doesn't
mean that we want them to look at all four. I'm saying we want them to
look at all four in the environmental analysis.

Council Member Wolbach: What would it be then?

Mayor Burt: Grade separations at all grade crossings.

Council Member Wolbach: I just realized I don't think David quite captured
what I was trying to say. That may be why there was ...

Mayor Burt: The Vice Mayor suggested that we continue to add—is that a
semicolon? Other improvements along the corridor. We add that as well.
Council Member Wolbach, Council Member Filseth is asking if he can ...


                                                                      Page 69 of 92
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 8/29/16
