                          TRANSCRIPT
Middlefield location. It is adjacent to houses on all sides. In particularly,
many of these houses have young children. We have concerns about the
effect of loud noises on our children and how will the City minimize that
effect. Finally, we are supportive of the recommendation of 2000 Geng
Road. We also in our letter suggested two alternate sites, which is the Art
Center parking lot and the lawn between the Art Center and Embarcadero
road. Both of these sites are very, very near the current Fire Station
Number 3, so the response time should be pretty similar. We asked why
these two sites were also not more deeply considered. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Herb Borock.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, two months ago you
received a Staff Report about GreenWaste moving from the Geng Road site.
The Staff Report indicated the Geng Road site would be a possible location
for dedicated parkland since it's surrounded on three sides by parkland.
There was nothing in that Staff Report about it as a possible temporary site
for a fire station. This evening you have a Staff Report about a temporary
fire station for Station Number 3 at Geng Road. There's nothing about a
temporary station for Fire Station 4, when that is rebuilt. It says that during
the evening, the number of calls for service and the traffic congestion are
much less. It's hard to believe that calls for service will take longer from
Station 1 in the evening than they would during the daytime when Station
Number 3 is temporarily located at Station 1. The Staff Report also says
that if the site at Geng Road is used, it would be needed for living quarters
and a garage facility and also need various service hookups such as electric
and backup power, water and sanitary sewer, security alarm and
communication linkages. All of those things are already at Station 1. In
fact, during the daytime, Station 3 will be located at Station 1. It'll have all
those things. At lunch time, when Station 1 is eating lunch, using the
kitchen at Station 1, they're not going to send Station 3 to the cafeteria in
City Hall or to one of the restaurants in University Avenue. Those living
facilities are available for the crew from Station 1. What is it that's needed
at Geng Road that isn't there in the evening for Station 3 personnel? Maybe
there's not enough room for three more people to sleep at Station 1. Once
you move the sleeping quarters to Geng Road, you have to move everything
else. You need a garage for the fire trucks. You need all the electrical
hookups, all the different utility hookups. It seems to me to be much less
expensive. Since the evening, there's less traffic congestion, you'd still be
able to meet the response times. If all you're missing in the evening are
sleeping quarters for the additional firefighters, you'd have a temporary
station 24 hours a day at Station 1. If you think you need a station better in
the evening located in the residential area, perhaps Station 4 would be a
better temporary location in the evening. Thank you.
                                                                        Page 38 of 111
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/17/16
