                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It won't change the intent from what you've stated.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me just speak to it.

Mayor Burt: Yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: At last, my sense of this is the intention of this is to
allow everyone to have a 60-day period and revisit all of this when we have
it all in context. That's really all I think we're trying to achieve on this.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A clarification for the Planning Director. My
understanding of the closure and the comments made is Staff and the
consultants who go off and answer the comments, give their considered
opinion and fill in gaps and come back with that. Are we postponing the
answers by reopening in six months or will we get the answers to the
comments that have come in?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question, Council Member Schmid. It
gives me an opportunity to clarify a couple of things. We had always
thought that when we got your direction to analyze a fifth and sixth
scenario, that after the close of this comment period, we would do that. We
would circulate that analysis for public comment, and then we would prepare
a Final EIR that responded to the comments on this draft and on that
supplement at that time.

Council Member Schmid:    Comments we make tonight, we will get a
response 12 months from now.

Ms. Gitelman: In the Final EIR which is, as the slide indicated, May of 2017
is the current schedule. I'd like to qualify that however. Many of the
comments we've received are things that, I think, we can address in the
description and analysis of the new scenarios. While we won't be doing what
you see in a Final EIR, which often is summary of comment and then
response, we will have an opportunity because we're doing that
supplemental analysis to take all of these comments into consideration. I
think many of them, I hope, we will be able to address in our discussion and
analysis in the supplement addressing Scenarios 5 and 6.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'll probably want to make more comments later, but
I want a general idea of where we are on our whole timeline with the Comp
Plan at this point. Put it right out there in public. Where are we?

                                                                          Page 68 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
