                          TRANSCRIPT
our schools actually lives here in Palo Alto. If you commute back to Gilroy,
it's hard to stay after school and interact with kids. The residency figure for
City Staff including emergency responders is even lower. This is nuts.
Because of affordability, as various people have pointed out, we risk
becoming a monoculture enclave of affluent professionals in the 1 percent.
That scenario should not be part of our 21st century suburb. I think there's
universal agreement on that. The question is what to do about it. The
challenge, the reality is demand. Demand is so high here in Palo Alto that in
practice no amount of market rate housing is likely to bring prices down so
that even middle income can afford them, let alone low-income people.
Even Cory's 580 units per year will not make it possible for the first lady who
spoke here tonight to live here. The funny thing is there is supply. I've
been watching Palo Alto rentals on Craig's List for actually some months
now.     At any given time, there are 250-300 listings for standalone
apartments in town. Last night, I went through the entire list, scrubbed out
all the duplicates and the room shares in houses and so forth. What's left
are about 230 real listings, of which 80 percent cost more than $2,500 a
month. That's a lot of money. The lowest cost rental unit in town was
$1,795 a month, a 270-square-foot studio in Ventura. The problem here is
price. The reason Palo Alto rentals cost so much is there are so many
people in the area who able to pay that. The very strong implication is that
any amount of market rate housing we build will just get snapped up by the
affluent professionals if we don't take further measures. We have to
understand that just building more of what we have now will not bring us
inexpensive housing. It will just bring us more of the same expensive
housing. The point is we will not build our way out of the affordability
problem unless we do really radical measures, City-changing, culture-
changing measures. If we try to do that, then we are making significant
decisions about the long-term nature of our community. Instead of just
building stuff, we need to really get serious about affordability, how to do it
and how to fund it. I thought Bill Johnson in The Weekly had a terrific
editorial on this topic last month. If you don't mind, I want to quote a line
from it. He said there is no easy fix to our housing problem, but let's at
least be clear that the goal is not to just create more housing units. It is to
devise a way to make sure the units we do allow address the most critical
need, affordability by non-highly paid workers whose presence enriches our
community. Exactly. The most critical need. The innovation to address that
need is part of what needs to be in a 21st century suburb scenario. It is the
only way out of the box. None of us has the exact formula, but other
communities are trying things. When it comes time for a motion, I think
part of what we should direct Staff to do should be to spend some focus on
this. Look at what other communities are doing, and come up with some
ideas and options. Let's get started. That's the case for the suburb
scenario. If we want to do high growth, I think that should be a separate
                                                                        Page 87 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
