                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Please vote on the board. That passes unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

12.   Adoption of an Ordinance to add Section 10.50.085 (Eligibility Areas)
      and to Amend Section 10.50.090 (Modification or Termination of
      Districts) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code Relating to Residential
      Parking Programs; Adoption of a Resolution Amending Resolution 9473
      to Implement Phase 2 of the Downtown Residential Preferential
      Parking (RPP) District Pilot Program; Approval of Contract Amendment
      to SP Plus for $94,000 for Additional Services for Parking Permits and
      On-Site Customer Service, Approval of Contract Amendment to SERCO
      for $60,000 for Enforcement of Expanded Area of Downtown RPP
      District, Approval of Contract Amendment to McGuire Pacific
      Constructors for $154,500 for Construction Services for Expanded Area
      of Downtown RPP District, Approval of Budget Amendments in the
      General Fund, Residential Parking Permit Fund, and Capital
      Improvement Fund, Approval of the RPP Administrative Guidelines.
      These Actions are Exempt From the California Environmental Quality
      Act (CEQA) Pursuant to Sections 15061(b)(3) and 15301 of the CEQA
      Guidelines.

Mayor Burt: we can now move forward to Item Number 12, adoption of an
ordinance—I won't read it in its entirety. It's the item regarding Residential
Permit Parking. We have to go through an extraordinary procedure because
we have Council Members who have conflicts of interest.               First, City
Attorney, we should be stating the nature of our conflict, is that right?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: Thank you, Mayor Burt. There's an at-places
memo before the public and the Council that describes the procedure this
evening. Just to recap briefly, orally. Five Council Members have interest in
real property in or very near the Downtown RPP district as it is proposed to
be expanded. Four of those are residences, and the addresses are not
subject to disclosure. Those are Mayor Burt, Council Member Berman,
Council Member Filseth, and Council Member Holman. Vice Mayor Scharff
has a real property in a non-residence at 616 University Avenue. Those five
interests do meet the standard under the State law for a potential conflict
and do require those members to recuse themselves. There is a procedure
under State law for allowing in very narrow circumstances where it is legally
required a conflicted member to participate in the governmental decision.
Because the Council needs five votes in order adopt a resolution or an
ordinance or approve a contract, all of those things are before you this
evening. We will be selecting one Council Member. The Clerk is prepared to
do that as the FPPC has recommended by a random drawing here this

                                                                         Page 75 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
