                         TRANSCRIPT
Georgia Avenue at the Gunn High School path; new bicycle ramp and bike
lanes on North California Avenue at the California Avenue underpass;
enhanced bicycle lanes on North California Avenue between Alma Street and
Middlefield Road; short two-way Class IV separated bikeway on Middlefield
Road and North Cal. Avenue connecting the bike lanes along North California
Avenue to the bicycle cages at Jordan Middle School.          We have also
developed a user guide for the two-way separated bikeway and have been
working with Jordan Middle School administration to familiarize students
with its design prior to its opening a week or so ago. We also plan to have
Transportation Division Staff onsite during the first weeks of operation.
We're going to finish a couple of minor items. We want to make sure it's
completely finished, but that's one example. There also was construction of
a shared-use path between Pratt Lane and Wilkie Way; removal of metal
gates on Bol Park Path at Matadero Avenue; and installation of enhanced
crosswalk on Cal. Avenue. That's it on the photos. I did want to share that
the City is looking for engaged members of our community to serve on the
Historic Resources Board, the Parks and Recreation Commission, the
Planning and Transportation Commission, and the Storm Drain Oversight
Committee. The application deadline has been extended until Wednesday,
September 14th at 5:30 p.m. Applications are available on the City Clerk's
webpage at www.cityofpaloalto.org/clerk. Please direct any questions about
this recruitment to Deputy City Clerk David Carnahan, 650-329-2267 or
david.carnahan@cityofpaloalto.org. The City of Palo Alto is again partnering
with the Palo Alto Family YMCA to co-host the second annual health fair as
part of the Council's Healthy Cities/Healthy Community initiative. The 2016
Palo Alto community health fair is an entirely free event, sponsored by the
City of Palo Alto, the Y, Kaiser Permanente, Palo Alto Medical Foundation,
Sutter Health, Stanford Children's Health and Stanford Medicine. This year
the event will be held at the Mitchell Park Community Center on Saturday,
September 10th, from 10:00 A.M.. to 10:00 P.M. The mission of the health
fair is to connect community members with medical experts and local health
services. The event will feature talks by physicians with a focus on health,
nutrition and fitness.      Topics will range from preventing diabetes to
encouraging positive mental health. Audience members are encouraged to
participate in end-of-session Q&As. Individuals can also sign up for one-on-
one private meetings with physicians where personal health issues can be
addressed free of charge. There will be over 40 health-related community
vendors on-hand to provide demonstration, information and outreach for the
community. More information on this event can be found at ymcasv.org for
Silicon Valley. We had another successful summer camp and aquatics
program season this year. A couple of numbers include 4,000 group
swimming lessons, 1,200 private lessons with a Staff of 25 instructors and
41 lifeguards. We contract out with Team Sheeper to provide lessons while
the City provides lifeguard staffing. We heard that 99 percent of participants
                                                                          Page 6 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
