                          TRANSCRIPT
We could have even gotten this to our Staff here sooner, so we could be a
little bit better prepared for the Council. I'm just sort of saying there's a lot
of folks who deal with us routinely. I think we should have a little bit better
partnership between the Council, the Staff and you all to make sure at 11:00
P.M. we're not scrambling trying to respond to your questions.

Mayor Burt: The questions that ...

Mr. Keene: No, I'm not faulting your questions. I'm just saying the material
that the Staff is looking at right now, they just got.

Mayor Burt: I will say that I'm concerned that this is material that's
basically in the Municipal Code and that I don't quite yet understand why it
wasn't part of the review process. I'll wait to hear the response.

Mr. Keene: I'm just saying—I know, but the earlier we get this, the better
prepared we can be for the public as a whole.

Mayor Burt: You wanted to hear from ...

Council Member Holman: I did, please.

Mayor Burt: About what again?

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry?

Mayor Burt: What did you want to hear from ...

Council Member Holman: About lighting and any other comments he'd care
to make about the project.

Alexander Lew, Architectural Review Board Vice Chair: Alexander Lew, the
Vice Chair of the Architectural Review Board.           On the lighting, my
understanding—I just did a quick double check on the lighting—is that there
isn't spillover to neighboring properties. The rooftop lighting has always
been a concern of the ARB. There are two pole-mounted fixtures on the
roof, but they're only 8 1/2 feet high. Typically a light fixture up on the
rooftop deck is going to be 15 feet or more, maybe up to 30 feet high.
Those are really relatively low compared to a typical parking garage. Around
the perimeter of the rooftop parking, there are additional fixtures, but
they're all under 45 inches high, so that's fairly low. They're wall-mounted
fixtures. They're not going to be casting up lights or you're not going to see
them from the ground, from grade.

Council Member Holman: Say that last piece again please.

                                                                             Page 99 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
