                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: The other practical question. Is there 45 units
there of multi-person housing? How disruptive is it going to be when you
start doubling the size?

Ms. Gonzalez: I think it'll definitely be inconvenient. Construction is not fun
for the neighbors and, I'm sure, for our residents. We're going to talk to our
residents through the process and be there for them. It might not be
removing any buildings; hopefully they can stay in place. If there is any
relocation, it'll be temporary. We would take care of all of that process.

Council Member Schmid: I would assume there would be some substantial
dislocation for periods of time.

Ms. Gonzalez: We'll be extra sensitive. It is a family project with a lot of
kids that go to school in Palo Alto. We'll definitely pay attention.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, let me say I think I agree with just about
everything I've heard from each of my colleagues. I agree that we should
look to what our neighbors are doing in being very supportive of affordable
housing. For instance, in Mountain View where you did come and say, "We
want to do X," and they said, "We want more than that. We want higher
density.     We understand that parking requirements do make housing
unaffordable to be developed, whether it's market rate or affordable
housing. We're willing to work with you on the parking requirements." I
think that we do need to very soberly look at what others are doing and
their reasoning behind it. That also means we don't have to start from the
beginning when we're having those discussions. We can review the minutes
from those discussions in neighboring cities as a starting point for our
conversations about what it actually takes to work with nonprofit, below
market rate housing developers to get affordable housing built in our sub-
region, in north Santa Clara County or in the mid-Peninsula region. I really
want to echo what Council Member Kniss said about Evergreen Park. I do
think it's very important that we are moving forward, putting together a plan
to deal with the parking concerns in Evergreen Park. I think it's important
that we're moving forward with that already, even before a proposal has
come forward for potentially adding more units at this site. I think we've all
agreed that we can do it. That's the right order. We have traffic and
parking concerns. If we can get a plan moving forward to deal with our
traffic and parking concerns before we add more housing, that's the ideal
scenario. I think we're moving forward in the right process here. I am
excited to hear that we are hopefully, as long as we can stay on track,
                                                                        Page 16 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
