                          TRANSCRIPT
the sponsorship. It doesn't. This is actually a better deal than it would be if
we had to secure the sponsors on our own to cover operations.

Council Member DuBois: When we get to comments, it sounded like they
offered to cover even larger operating costs. It sounds like financially it
makes sense. My last question. We had that five year plan in that old
report. Do we have a business plan that shows what steady state would
look like over a number of years when you have to replace bikes and how
big would the network get? I'd really like to see ad revenue, rental revenue
and then all the costs.

Mr. Mello: We can include that in the Staff Report that comes back with the
contract.  We can do a pro forma to show—because we're going to
experience a certain amount of loss and we're going to have to replace
bicycles. We can build in the Staff resources if that would be helpful.

Council Member DuBois: I think that'd be really helpful just to see it all laid
out in one place. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I just have one question. As we were trying to get a sense of
the greater utilization rate that we'd anticipate from this program, are there
cities where they changed out from the older Gen 1 smart dock to the SoBi
system or an equivalent to SoBi and saw some kind of comparison in terms
of utilization rate as a result of changing the systems?

Mr. Mello: I think Ryan may be able to speak a little more to this. A classic
example of that is Washington, DC. They had a very old school bike share
system. They were one of the first cities to roll it out. It was almost a
complete flop. Then they rolled out Capitol Bike Share. They went much
larger and brought in new equipment. Now it's one of the best performing
systems in the entire country. They did a reset after their first system didn't
work out so well. They've reaped a lot of benefits from rolling out a larger
system.

Mayor Burt: Let's move on. It's getting late, and we have four members of
the public, five, to speak. If anybody else wishes to speak, they need to
bring a card forward now. Our first speaker is Colin Roche, to be followed by
Tom Harrington. Welcome.

Colin Roche, Swiftmile: Hello, Council Members, Mr. Mayor. It's a true
honor to be here. I'm a local Palo Altan, went to all the schools here,
graduated from Palo Alto High School. I want to first off start with the great
comment that you made, Mr. Keene, about how electric bikes are the wave
of the future. The future will be televised. They're not only going to be
televised, they're going to be ridden, they're going to be shared and they're
                                                                        Page 92 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
