                           TRANSCRIPT
you're a private operator, you start thinking differently. You don't start
thinking union contracts, how many trains can I run each hour. You start
thinking like Southwest Airlines. How many of you have taken Southwest
Airlines? Pretty much everybody. They're actually much less late than
United is. They also do something different with their planes. They realized
the most expensive part of their budget is the plane asset. They get as
many flights as possible out of the same planes that everybody else has
sitting idle at the gate, at the terminal or in maintenance. What if you did
the same thing with trains? What if you said, "I take my existing fleet of
trains, and I ran them all the time. I get as much use out of them as
possible. I do my maintenance at night, and I run them all day." Now
suddenly, I could take a midday trip. I could meet somebody in San
Francisco for lunch and go up there in 35 minutes and come back 35
minutes later and not have to worry about the one-hour schedule gap that
exists in the midday schedule. There were some very interesting private bus
fleets a year ago that tried to copy the Uber model to offer bus service
between the Peninsula and San Francisco. They all got cease and desist
orders because they weren't licensed, but they were a nighttime service.
They found that there was massive demand for people to go to San
Francisco in the evening and come back at 10:00 or 11:00 at night. They
rode on buses, but why not ride the train if we had those trains? If any of
you have ridden Caltrain at night, it's a two-hour interval. You miss that
8:00 train, and you're whole evening is messed up.             Again, different
incentives if you run the trains all the time. Let me talk about the last two
changes in transportation that create opportunities. One is we've gone from
this world with paper and gadgets to basically everything's an application
(app.) What that means in transportation is we go from this notion of the
intermodal world—this is a real picture of a train being carried on a semi on
280—to actually intermodal means this: intermodal is an app. that gives me
access to every mode of transportation, and it's user-centric. It starts a plan
about where am I coming from, where am I going.                 It might even
automatically know every time I leave the house at 8:00 A.M., I'm going to
a particular destination for work. It shows me the best, shortest, cheapest,
fastest way to get there. That's already all possible today. There's several
app.’s out there today that do this. Let's plug all our systems into it. Let's
require all our data to be open so that actually every mode of transportation
can participate and be optimized this way. With this kind of access,
particularly if we could add the payment system on, just like Uber—if any of
you have tried it, Uber is very convenient. I call it, I get on it, I get off it, I
never have to worry about payment, I never have to worry about having
cash in my hand or having the right Clipper card or having the right exact
change. It's fully automated. We can do this for our public transit too. I
think the City can push for this both in its local transportation but also for
the regional system. Let me close by coming back to cars and the $2 per
                                                                           Page 26 of 113
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 1/25/16
