                         TRANSCRIPT
Fischer, to be followed by Chop Keenan. If any other members of the public
wish to speak, they need to bring their cards forward at this time.

Rob Fischer: A lot of what I have to talk about tonight is going to be mostly
questions for you to think about. The first one is why don't we have more
notice about these meetings. Why was this meeting, my understanding was,
planned on Friday for today? The meeting went from 5:45 P.M. to a 7:45
P.M. time slot. The business community, this is about us. If you're going to
tax us, the least you could do is give us the opportunity to be at these
meetings, and give us enough notice to plan our schedules. Some of us
start our day at 5:00 A.M. in the morning. That's not your problem; that's
our problem. We would love to all be here tonight, but as you can see
there's only a handful of people here. My next question is if this is about
traffic and parking, why does the City promote street closures. You have
World Music Day, you have May Day Parade, you have art and craft fair, you
have wine and arts fair, you have Palantir coming up, closing streets for
their business. All these things are allowed, but we have a traffic problem.
It seems to add to this problem. My next question is does this include—
when you talk about the fees, is it for full-time and part-time employees?
Another question is why don't we have parking meters. You want to fund
problems for transportation. Most of the cities around here have parking
meters. If you go to San Jose, they have parking meters. That was a
comparison that was brought up tonight by the Council. Burlingame has
parking meters. My next one is if the money goes to a General Fund, there's
no guarantee as to how this money is going to be spent. Why not, if you're
going to do this, earmark this money to be spent appropriately for what
you're asking it for? The measure will guarantee higher prices eventually,
making businesses unable to be competitive. We've had an increase in
minimum wage. We have the Obama tax. We're cutting out parking for
employees at a reasonable rate. I want you to think about what it is that
you want for your City.       You want quality people, you want quality
restaurants, you want quality retail. You can't keep taxing us until we can't
afford to be here anymore. Why do we keep building more parking garages
if we have so much traffic? Is that it, I'm done? I have more questions. My
last thing is that you said that all the businesses were notified on the
Business Registry. I have to take—I wasn't notified. I think I'm one of the
larger employers in this town. My guess is that there are a lot of other
people who haven't been notified.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Chop Keenan, to be followed
by Herb Borock.

Chop Keenan: Good evening, Mayor and Council. I hate to bust Dave and
Charles' bubble. The number one item there was fairness. I thought I'd
                                                                       Page 62 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
