                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: RT-35.

Mayor Burt: RT-35. We might allow medical offices and schools and some
of those things that are not pure office but are in a more expansive
definition than our current retail.

Ms. Gitelman: We haven't looked specifically at how we might address the
RT-35. The SOFA controls, as you know, are complex; there was a lot of
site-specific planning done there. I think schools would be permitted on
these sites and a range of office type uses. I'd have to go back and research
those. I don't know that we're going to really want to look at changing the
SOFA controls.

Mayor Burt: That's right. I think in this area, if we didn't have the
moratorium, yes, those things would be permitted. My question is when we
created the SOFA plan, we weren't envisioning Palantir and Amazon as the
tenants in those kinds of uses. We have a different circumstance today.
Our zoning hasn't adapted to that. I'm interested in something that is
capturing uses that don't permit high-density office but do capture things
beyond our retail definition, like medical office and schools. If we did an
adjustment and relieved some of these properties from the retail
moratorium, might we go to something that gives them a broader range in
potential tenants, ones that probably would be viewed as having some
community value to them, but doesn't mean we've given Palantir another
location for expansion?

Ms. Gitelman: Again, I think one of the approaches we've been throwing
around here is the idea of an Ordinance to replace the interim Ordinance
that restricted conversions of ground-floor retail space but allowed
applicants to apply for a conversions if certain findings can be met. One of
those findings could be that the underlying zoning allows a school and the
school would be a good thing and we could come up with some other
findings. That's one direction we could go in.

Mayor Burt: Finally, some of our problems around retail go back for a long
while.   For instance in Midtown, we had prior Staff interpretations of
permissible uses that really seemed to stretch the intended boundaries. You
now have some—I'm not refreshed on what they were, but I think last year
we adopted that you create administrative definitions that give applicants
greater clarity on how Code is being interpreted. I haven't reviewed those.
Do you happen to know whether they shed light on some of the issues that
would give the Council greater confidence that if we gave some relief for the
retail moratorium, we weren't going to see some of the changes that had


                                                                      Page 56 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
