                          TRANSCRIPT
differing viewpoint. Thank you all very much for attending. We certainly
recognize that those of you who were standing were supporting the speaker.
I have three more cards, and we're closing any additional speakers who
want to speak on public comment period. Our next speaker is Irene Au, to
be followed by David—I'm sorry. Is it Sehron?

Irene Au: Hi. I'd like to thank my neighbors for coming out here to support
the RPPP program. I'd just like to add a few more comments to give you
some color into what it's like to live in Evergreen Park, a picture of what it's
like for daily life. I've lived in Evergreen Park since 1999 on Oxford at Ash.
My two parents live with me and my family. My father's 70 years old, and
last week he came home from the grocery store in the middle day, literally
could not find parking until he reached Stanford and Birch. That's quite far
for a 70-year-old who has only one lung that operates, with four bags of
groceries. We literally feel trapped in our own home in the middle of the
day, because we are scared that when we return from wherever we go that
we can't find parking on the street. We live in an R-2 zoned home, so I have
the driveway to park two cars, and then my parents also need to park
somewhere. We witness people parking their cars in front of our house for
weeks at a time. They bring their luggage, and they take Caltrain to the
airport. The neighborhood has become a long-term parking lot for SFO. The
increased traffic into our neighborhood has made the streets less safe and
subject to more solicitors. Over the last two weeks alone, I've been
approached by nonresidents knocking on our door or cornering me in the
driveway asking for money or support. I don't feel safe in my home
anymore. Another unfortunate consequence of the parking problems is that
it's sort of led to greater hostility between residents as we compete for
parking on the streets. My neighbors are really lovely people, but it's led to
people kind of hoarding spaces with their garbage bins. When very well
intentioned people like my husband's uncle tries to move the garbage bins
because they're turning the wrong way, he gets yelled at by the neighbors
because people just have the scarcity mentality. It's not a great feeling.
It's not a great neighborly feeling. I plead with you please to consider this
proposal. Thank you for your consideration.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is David Sehron.

David Shrom: Shrom.

Mayor Burt: Shrom, there you are. I just couldn't make out your writing.

Mr. Shrom: Hi. I want to add some historical perspective. I moved into
this neighborhood in the early 1970s, and at that time the streets were
parked only with resident cars. There was ample parking in the business

                                                                         Page 24 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
