                          TRANSCRIPT
the Strategic Plan? Shouldn't we understand our Strategic Plan and where
we want to go? One of the key facts that you've mentioned tonight, which I
didn't see in the Staff Report, which underlies this whole thing, seems to be
that Mountain View believes—what you said is that you think that's the base
agreement. The base agreement's not in the Staff Report, so I can't read it.
The base agreement said Mountain View's seven million gallons is Mountain
View's seven million gallons. That's a different framework from which to
think about this. I don't see that in the agreement either. Maybe that's in
the base agreement.

Mr. Bobel: It's in the base agreement; that's right.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     I guess I'm trying to understand how the base
agreement—without looking at the base agreement, it's hard to understand
this in context. I guess is what I'm saying. What you're asking me to do is
to approve this without understanding the base agreement and without
understanding how this limits us. If this agreement said Mountain View's
water is Mountain View's water, and we all agreed on that, and they can go
do with it. It's not going to affect us and the way we distribute costs;
therefore, Mountain View has to pay for whatever costs they use with their
water. We pay whatever costs we use with our water. They have to pay the
incremental cost of whatever it costs to produce this. I don't think that's
what this agreement says. I have no faith that that's what this agreement
says. If someone wants to give me that faith and say, "Yes, that's what the
agreement says," then maybe I can vote for it.

Mr. Bobel: This agreement is very limited and very narrow. It doesn't
contain everything by a long shot. The base agreement is where you find
this entitlement that I'm talking about, where each partner is entitled to the
water that they contribute. That's where you find that. We're not altering
this with this amendment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'd have to ask the City Attorney. After the
questions I've raised, if a year or two from now when we go through this
process, are we going to feel comfortable that we haven't limited our options
on this and that we've reviewed it carefully enough that we're comfortable
with the terms recycled water, purified water, that we're comfortable with
the cost allocations set forth in this will not be unfair to Palo Alto, and that
we understand that the term "continue and encourage the use of recycled
water" what that phrase means. To me, it means subsidy. When we do
things like that, we say we intend to subsidize the cost of recycled water.
How that plays into these cost allocations, and how that plays into the whole
framework of this. Their water is their water, and our water is our water


                                                                         Page 69 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
