                           TRANSCRIPT
connection that there'd be no fee, I'd like to understand what that process
was.

Council Member DuBois: Just a couple of comments, if we're doing a second
round. The Planned Community (PC) zone change cost—I guess it's a
deposit—seemed low given all the discussion that typically happens around a
PC zone. My question is how often do we true up and ask for additional
deposits if we're going through a process.

Mr. Lait: Where do you see that deposit on this one right now?

Council Member DuBois: I'm having trouble finding it.

Mr. Lait: Looks like it's on Packet Page 101, the planned community.

Council Member DuBois: Yes, planned community zone.

Mr. Lait: I mean, we could set that deposit to be what we believe is
appropriate to charge.

Council Member DuBois: It may be the right number. My question is really
how do you track it and when do you ask for more money or refund it.

Mr. Lait: We have a system where when people are doing their timecards,
they charge hours to a particular project. Each Planner logs how much time
they spend on a project; that gets billed to the deposit. When that deposit
begins to get low, we ask the Applicant for an additional deposit to cover the
anticipated work.

Council Member DuBois: It kind of happens in real time. The consultant
report said something about the split between Planning, Community and
Environment (PCE) and Development Services was adding challenges. I'm
just curious if you guys had any comments or recommendations.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. We saw that in the report, and it
was a little extra-curricular, free advice on a question we didn't really ask.
Our feeling is that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and
Development Services and PCE have done this split. We're charging to the
various departments the way we've kind of settled on it. There would be a
different way to do it, as the author points out. I think it's up to us working
in collaboration with OMB each year to make sure that what we're doing is
still working, it's still recovering costs and efficiently accounting for the Staff
that's allocated to each department. We're committed to do that. I know
that Peter and OMB and all of us look at the budget carefully each year.


                                                                            Page 24 of 72
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/28/16
