                         TRANSCRIPT
than the procedural Ordinance you passed. That would be something that
you would have the authority to do as a legislative body.

Mayor Burt: We'd have to go through that whole process.

Ms. Stump: That's correct.

Mr. Keene: That would be (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: How simple could that amendment be?

Ms. Stump: It's fairly complicated, the issues that you're raising here with
various bodies and their powers. It's very possible that a special ordinance
would have to go through some processes, go to Planning, etc., two
readings.

Mayor Burt: Doesn't sound like an easy fix. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: While we wrap our heads around that procedural
issue, I have to say I was really surprised that the applicant was neither
willing to consider adding a second BMR unit onsite nor any additional
smaller units. No additional units, no smaller units, no second BMR unit
onsite. I don't know if Council Member Kniss is interested in perhaps
recommending or seconding an amendment. Actually, I'll offer it as an
amendment and add it to the list, once we figure out which Motion we're
actually going to be work on here, to say that we would require the second
unit be onsite.

Council Member Kniss: I'm glad to second it. I thought we had gone
through that before. I'm delighted to second that.

Mayor Burt: We're at 10:00, and now we're opening another door here,
another substitute.

Council Member Wolbach:      I don't think this is a new door.     I think it's
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: No, but it is a substitute to the substitute. No, an amendment.

Council Member Wolbach: It would just be one more item. We had talked
about TDM ...

Mayor Burt: You asked Council Member Kniss; she's not the maker of the
substitute.



                                                                       Page 76 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
