                          TRANSCRIPT
be that we can't find something that meets that requirement.                        That
additional information, Hillary, is it this set?

Ms. Gitelman: There's a whole substitute letter that was at your places.

Mayor Burt: That's the substitute letter that (crosstalk).

Ms. Gitelman: We do have a few extra copies if there are members of the
public who still need them.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss, questions.

Council Member Kniss:     Not a question, a comment.         You want questions
now, comments later?

Mayor Burt: Let's go through questions first, and then we can come back for
comments. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I actually also had a comment. If I could be put
in queue behind Council Member Kniss.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman:        Just a quick question.    There's not a
recommended or preferred approach here, that's been recommended or
suggested by anybody.      These are just alternate approaches.  Do I
understand that correctly?

Mayor Burt: That's right. What we have in the second letter is possible
amendments to the Governor's proposal as opposed to the other alternative
that we were looking at, which was opposition to the proposal.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I had a quick question on the at-places memo, on
Section 1. Under amendments, it says amend Section 65913.3(a)(3) to
clarify that housing developments containing office use do not qualify for by-
right entitlement, which I'm perfectly comfortable with. It goes on to
explain the amendment. I didn't see any ambiguity in the amendment, so
I'm not sure why there's the recommendation for the clarification.

Mr. Keene:      Can you help me out with the recommendation for the
clarification, where that's coming from?


                                                                              Page 31 of 128
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
