                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: The average—actually that's a little bit different
from what's in the Staff Report where it says that the residential is 6,316
square feet. Which one is it? Is it the 8,658 or 6,316?

Mr. Ah Sing: The 8,000 square feet would include all the residential uses on
the site. It includes the cottage and what's proposed.

Council Member Wolbach: What we're looking at for an average unit size is
over 2,000 square feet per unit. Right? They're pretty good sized housing
units. They're over 2,000 each, right? If you go with the 6,000—we're
talking about the total of three units also, right?

Mr. Ah Sing: Right.

Council Member Wolbach: Total of three housing units, and 2,886 square
feet each on average, so almost 3,000 square feet per housing unit. Just
want to make sure I'm clear on that. How many of those are below market
rate units?

Mr. Ah Sing: Zero.

Council Member Wolbach: What discretion does Council have to require
either more units of smaller size within that same FAR, so that they'd be
carved up into smaller units, and also what discretion does Council have to
require BMR units onsite? I just wanted to know before we hear from the
public and before we go into our comments about this.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Cara Silver, Senior Assistant
City Attorney.    As for the requirement for BMR units, currently your
ordinance does not apply to projects of less than five units. We are bringing
forward an ordinance that would apply BMR units to smaller projects, but at
this point you do not have that discretion. As far as smaller units, that is
really a question of redesigning the project if you feel, for some reason, you
can't make some of the findings because the units are too large perhaps.
You might be able to shrink some of the units, but you would have to link it
to the ARB findings or the context-based findings.

Council Member Wolbach: Those are the only conditions under which we
could require of the developer that the almost 3,000-square-foot units be
carved into, say, a larger number of smaller units, if we could link it to some
of those findings and find that it did not meet those requirements.

Ms. Silver: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for clarifying that.

                                                                         Page 28 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
