                          TRANSCRIPT
Emerson, which is a single-family neighborhood for the last 20 years. We
are directly across from Castilleja School. We have been supportive of the
mission of Castilleja for the last 20 years. We try our best to coexist with
their school while enduring the impact to the quality of life for us. However,
there is a limit to the price we are willing to pay. The latest Conditional Use
Permit (CUP) and Master Plan quest for expansion that they have showed
with no regards to the neighborhood's well-being has pushed us way beyond
the limit. First, I want to remind you of a couple of facts. One, Castilleja is
a private school. It's located in a single-family neighborhood. Second, it's
operating under a Conditional Use Permit for a maximum of 415 students,
enrollment since year 2000 that was granted to them. However, since then,
almost as soon as they got the permits, they start violating it. Over the last
ten years, they have violated this 415 enrollment limit. Now, let's go into
the rest of the thing. While Castilleja is working to bring their enrollment
back down to 415, the neighbors are still complaining about the negative
impact to our neighborhood's quality of life. All of a sudden, it got change.
They decided to—instead of to be in compliance, they are asking for 30
percent more students to bring total enrollment to 540 plus proposing part
of the Master Plan over five years construction projects that basically rebuild
the entire campus. Is it done? Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Our next speaker is Mary Sylvester, to be followed by
Jacqueline Taylor. Welcome.

Mary Sylvester: Thank you. Welcome back Council. I'm Mary Sylvester. I
am a 39-year occupant of 135 Melville Avenue here in Palo Alto, which is
located between Alma and Emerson Streets, one-half block from Castilleja
School. The subject of my three minutes is what ever happened to obeying
the law. I am here tonight to request that the City of Palo Alto enforce a
year 2000 Conditional Use Permit on Castilleja School, allowing a total of
415 students to be enrolled per academic year. This represents a majority
decision of neighbors surrounding the Castilleja complex. I will let you know
when I moved to 135 Melville, historically the quality of life in that
neighborhood was really quite high. Castilleja was then a boarding school.
There was a feeling of good will between the school and the neighbors; let's
let bygones be bygones. We all have shortcomings and strengths, and let's
work together for some sense of neighborhood cohesiveness and quality.
Since the school in 1995-96 purchased the 100 block of Melville Avenue,
that quality of life has consistently gone down for neighbors in the area. The
question for neighbors now becomes why has Castilleja School essentially
been allowed to be out of compliance with the Conditional Use Permit it was
granted since 2002. These are the words of Steve Turner, Advance Planning
Manager, in an article in the San Jose Mercury in 2013. In 2014, Steve
Turner again and then in 2015 Jim Keene, City Manager. Both Steve and
                                                                           Page 4 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
