                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I do see that this slide answers my question, which is the RT-
50 in South of Forest Area (SOFA) is not dwellings per acre but rather the
50-foot height. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Again for the applicant or for one of the applicants.
This isn't the first time that something has been proposed for this particular
site. The site's been a challenge in many ways. You obviously have been
listening to us as a body, and you've many times heard the need for
housing, smaller units, a whole variety, whatever we've talked about. We've
talked about micro units. Before you did this, did you look at other sites and
other cities that might be similar and in some way copy that or did you talk
with them about their parking issues or whatever else? The only other place
that I've heard where micro units literally were brought in, I think, by trailer
was one either done in DC or in New York City, which is certainly in the heart
of where micro units are needed. The question is are you basing this on
anything else? Have you seen anything like it?

Mr. Spieker: We have worked on two multifamily projects, one in Downtown
Burlingame and one in Downtown San Mateo or one. They were existing
buildings that were under-parked. The one in Burlingame, I want to say had
90 percent, a 37-unit building. I think it had 32 or 33 parking stalls. In
Downtown San Mateo, we had 17 units on South B Street where there was
zero parking. It was a block and a half from the train station. We do
believe that this concept works. I will say about micro housing units, when
you hear about micro housing in San Francisco, in Brooklyn, in New York, it's
typically around 200 to 350 square feet. These are micro units compared to
the RM-40. These are not micro housing units when you talk about micro
housing in San Francisco. These are an average—our one-bedrooms are
over 600 square feet. If you look at the average square footage of a one-
bedroom built in the '60s and '70s in San Mateo and Santa Clara County,
you're looking at about 700 to 750 square feet. While they're micro
compared to the current Zoning Code, they're not micro when you compare
them to New York and San Francisco or LA and Chicago.

Council Member Kniss: That's helpful. I'm glad you gave the examples
locally. Did each one of those—before you do them, was there direction
from their governing body to control the parking in some way, and was there
any mechanism that was used that they imposed?

Mr. Spieker: I'm sorry. I should have mentioned. These were existing
projects that we purchased and that, whatever reason back in the '50s and


                                                                         Page 18 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
