                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion Part A, “with clear indication of what signage and on street markings
would be recommended by Staff.”

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I know the community's talked a lot
about that. You made allusion to some of the things that might be possible
or required or necessary from your perspective, but I think it's just clear to
make that discrete here. I think that's it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just want to say I have a serious concern about
this Class IV bikeway. I think we're going from 11-foot car lanes to like 9
1/2 feet. What's the legal minimum width for a car lane?

Mr. Mello: There's no legal minimum width. Highway lanes are typically 12
feet on freeways. We have nine and 10-foot travel lanes throughout Palo
Alto. I wouldn't go below nine feet just because there's vehicles that are
wider than nine feet that may be using residential streets.

Council Member DuBois: Again, I like Loma Verde as a bike street. I'm
concerned about this and the issues we all heard tonight, two-way bike
traffic on one side, shrink the lanes. I know you said a preference for a
Class IV. I would be more supportive if maybe we saw some options of kind
of Class IV versus not—with bike traffic on both sides of the road. Would
you be open to that at all?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we're already getting options by the clear
preference for Class IV.

Council Member DuBois: If it comes back with clear options (inaudible).

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, and then I think we're done.

Council Member Schmid: Just a clarification on "B." The next to last line
has an "of where" in there. Does that belong?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It shouldn't be there.
                                                                       Page 69 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
