                          TRANSCRIPT
ought to be looking at that number as well. Again, I'd like to see this move
forward expeditiously. I guess my preference would be to see specifics and
action on some of the high priority areas, maybe even before we finish
detailed plans on some of the lower priority areas, just from a perspective of
how do we achieve something here. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: That concludes our comments. I think we're ready to vote on
this item.

Mr. Keene: Mr. Mayor, could I just say something. Thank you. Appreciate
it. Just to kind of tie this up for the next time that we talk. We clearly
pulled out the implementation actions. I'm restating that. That's where the
rubber meets the road. That's where the prioritization conversations will
take place. That's where discipline by the Council as the representatives is
going to be important also.       We really can't have something where
everybody gets to choose their favorite thing without applying some criteria
about what the return on investment is or whatever. Secondly, I'm actually
quite pleased with the Council's reception. I had a little bit of the feeling
here that we were bringing the framework. We had to strip out those other
pieces both to get the work done but to allow you to focus it. It felt a little
bit like we were rolling out the Apple 6S as just an update, when you all
really want the Apple 8 which is not there yet. I think it's a useful
metaphor, because that's the iterative, evolving process we're going to go
through. The S/CAP right now runs through 2030. We're going to bring
back these implementation plans with a 2020 horizon. That's a three or four
year horizon. The plan is two five year plans after that, '20 to '25, '25 to
2030. What that will let us do as we go along each year is to recalibrate,
because we're going to make assumptions about what return we can get or
the cost effectiveness. We're going to have to accept the fact that we
misjudged or "that was a great option, let's double down on that as we go
forward." This is only going to work if the Council has to accept that nobody
on the Council is going to be here in 2030 unless you've left the Council and
come back. You have a little bit of that clichéd stone mason thing about the
stone mason who works on the cathedral that he or she will never
experience. In many ways, you'll be making choices and decisions that
aren't going to become fully clear until after you're off the Council. That's
going to be demanding for you all also. Thank you.

MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded
by Mayor Burt to:

A.    Adopt the draft Sustainability/Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) Framework,
      including its Guiding Principles, Decision Criteria and Design Principles


                                                                       Page 52 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
