                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: I think very few people have given comments. It's
been ...

Mayor Burt: We have actually a Motion on the table, which we need to
respond to. I was trying to give that Motion some context, so it would be
more meaningful on the direction to Staff. If we're going to open this up to
discussion by each Council Member on the substance, and frankly ...

Council Member DuBois: I just don't know how Staff would get the sense
when only three of nine have spoken.

Mayor Burt: Those who have spoken have only spoken to substance as
illustrations. I tried to get us all to back off from going through these one by
one. If we wanted to use an illustration to address the higher level issue,
that's what we've done. We haven't gone through these as individual ...

Council Member DuBois:      That's why I'm suggesting two or three minutes
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: That's not illustrative, I don't think.

Council Member DuBois: I had some high-level comments.                Again, we
should decide what we want to do.

Mayor Burt: We've got a Motion on the floor to continue this item to a date
uncertain. Council Member Holman, did you want to speak to that?

Council Member Holman: I would please. Thank you for getting back to me.
I appreciate Council Member DuBois' comment that other Council Members
haven't had a chance to speak to this. Part of it is the very nature of Staff
trying to do due diligence. This is not a criticism. Staff trying to do due
diligence came up with this grid, but we didn't get it really until at places.
It's very difficult to digest. I think if we try to do something tonight with
this, we're just going to be picking and choosing and what bucket. Maybe
that isn't what the intention was. I don't think we're going to end up with a
good product when it's really going to be sausage making. I'm suggesting
that this be continued, that the Staff ask for an extension with SHPO to see
if we can—I guess I could add that to the Motion, but you'll do it anyway.
Ask for an extension with SHPO as to the $37,000 grant. I and Tom or
whoever else wants to with Brown Act constraints can join me, and we can
talk about the purpose and write the proposed edits to text that were
intended.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.


                                                                         Page 77 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
