                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Mr. Perez. No.

Kip Husty, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 15: Hello. I spoke last
week about the ban on growing in your backyard. My concern was with
Proposition 215, medical marijuana. By putting a ban on it—that's been a
law now since '97. There doesn't seem to be any major problem caused by
that. Sixty-four is not talking to people who helped draft it. It's not
supposed to supplant 215. Whatever you do on this present emergency,
which is—make it directed towards recreational use. What 64 is about and
what we—and not blanket 215 at the same time, the medical use. That's
where you start getting into some very tricky issues, and you would start to
step on people's rights. Sixty-four is not intended, is legally not supposed to
supplant 215. That's going to be in court should they ever try to do that.
You're heading into a very sticky area if you try to cover more territory, if
you try to cover 215 when you go against recreational use on 64. If you're
going to have a ban on recreational use or growing in the backyard, make it
clear that this is about recreational use and people can still grow in their
backyard if they get medical permission, which for all kinds of reasons
makes a great deal of sense. That's the thing that's concerning a lot of
people right now. A lot of people voted against 64 because they were afraid
about their ability to grow medical marijuana. Instead of being a tool for the
(inaudible) for League of California Cities. Come on. Why not take the
forefront, do something that would be really moving progress. It'd be
progress. If we're going to have 64, we're going to have bans. Do that as
64 and leave 215 along.        That takes the regressiveness [sic] out of
something like this. It takes it away. It means that we haven't moved
backwards.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes public comments. Consistent with
my initial vote on Item 15, I will be voting no on that item. Yes, Mr. Perez.

Lalo Perez, Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer:    Thank you,
Mr. Mayor. I just wanted to point out to the Council that we did have a
change on Item 14, which is a reappropriation item. We put a memo at
places with two corrections that I was hoping you could have that be
incorporated as part of the Motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll incorporate it into the Motion.

Mayor Burt: Can that be read for the record?

Mr. Perez: Apparently it was not put at your places. We'll have to move
without it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I think you can read it.
                                                                         Page 11 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
