                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Some people do that with a smart dock system. You'd have to
be close to a dock with a smart dock system. With this, you could lock it up
out of hub; you'd be charged the out-of-hub fee; and then you could check it
out again. It may be a wash.

Council Member Berman: (crosstalk).

Mr. Mello: Yeah, it may end up being a wash.

Mr. Rzepecki: Sorry to—the idea of that trip fee and in people stringing
together multiple trips equaling a full day's usage, I should point out that in
many of our systems, the majority of our systems do an hourly rate that's
prorated. That is something that, during the contract negotiation period, we
can talk about with Motivate. Again, there's some nuances to our system.
By the way, I should note that they actually operate our system in Portland.
We have a 1,000-bike system there, where we're already partners and
working together. Something like that that contemplates those type of use
cases would be something we'd want to look at over the next two months
and really nail that down during the contract.

Council Member Berman: The 350 for the Phase 1, does that include
Stanford campus or is that not including Stanford campus?

Mr. Mello: Ideally we'd like to have some financial participation by Stanford
in order to locate hubs and bikes on the campus. The boundaries of the
350-bike system have not been determined yet.

Council Member Berman: We don't want to—more is better as opposed to
making them more spread out. It would be great to have a good strong
system on campus as well. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just a follow up on the hub and the grid. It seems
to me that you're not oriented toward the last mile. A hundred Caltrain
riders get off, hop on bikes, go to work. The bikes sit there until 6:00 P.M.
when they catch the last train. You want them to be used in a variety of
ways during the day. What happens if you work a little late, you want to
catch that last train, you walk out and there's no bikes? They're all at the
Caltrain station. Isn't that an issue?

Mr. Mello: We've actually talked about that. I think we're going to have to
figure out some type of system to ensure that the bikes don't get unevenly
distributed by Caltrain users. Ideally you would position a hub in a location
that has users that are active all day. The Research Park may be difficult.
                                                                        Page 81 of 104
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/4/16
