                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Also to address the Staff question that the items
on Slide 5 that are also in the Staff Report, the three bullets at the bottom,
for Staff to come back with clarifications on those three bullets. Probably
don't need that in the Motion. I think you're going to do that anyway. The
interpretation of permitted and operating, and then the last bullet was retail
uses that are not permitted. You're going to come back with that cleanup
anyway, right? You don't need that in the Motion, do you?

Ms. Gitelman: I think you'll see in the framework that we're going to try and
dispense with the regulation of legal and nonconforming uses and clarify
those provisions.

Council Member Holman: Say that again about legal and nonconforming.

Ms. Gitelman: Currently the interim use protects legal and nonconforming
retail uses from converting, which is highly unusual. You want your Zoning
Ordinance to start transitioning things to a more conforming environment.
Now that we're transitioning to a permanent Ordinance, we'll have to clean
that up and also address this language that's been so difficult to work with
about permitted or operating. We'll be doing that for sure.

Council Member Holman:      I'm not so sure I would want to eliminate legal
and nonconforming uses.

Ms. Gitelman: Let us put it in the work plan and try and explain what I
didn't so good a job of explaining right now. If you don't want to proceed
with that, we can come up with an alternative.

Council Member Holman: I think I'm okay here.

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice
Mayor Scharff to direct Staff to return to Council with a framework for an
Ordinance for the Downtown Area, including South of Forest Area
Coordinated Area Plan Phase 2 (SOFA II) and a more flexible framework for
the City as a whole, including:

A.   Requiring display windows on properties nonconforming uses; and

B.   Considering adjustments to the Ground Floor (GF) boundary; and

C.   Considering protections outside the GF and for basements; updating
     definitions as needed; and

D.   Options to amortize out certain nonconforming uses along University
     Avenue; and

                                                                       Page 88 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
