                          TRANSCRIPT
not a done deal. I certainly would not feel comfortable signing off on this as
a done deal this evening. I look forward to continuing the discussion when it
comes back and we have some clarity about some of these concerns. I do
think that there is always when we think about outsourcing—I'm glad we're
looking at potentially outsourcing it to a nonprofit rather than a for-profit.
When we look at outsourcing City employees and the institutional memory
that we have with City Staff, there's always a risk of being penny-wise and
pound-foolish. There is a risk of losing institutional memory. There is the
question of we might save or are guaranteed to save some significant money
and perhaps have an increase in quality of service in the next several years.
By moving something more outside of the City's operations, it does always
raise that concern of 20 years, 40 years, 50 years. Council Member Holman
earlier tonight, when we were talking about the Parks Plan, said we need a
50-year Plan for parks. I'm not saying we need to have a 50-year Plan, but
I'm just expressing that I do have some concerns and some reservations
and again look forward to maybe tying those up when this comes back. I
will be supporting the Motion (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: At least 50 dog years. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid:        Just to follow up Council Member DuBois'
questions. I'm concerned a little bit that with the loss of Mountain View the
costs that we have given have doubled over two or three years and that we
are maintaining 32 percent of animals are returned to their owners. That
seems to be relatively small numbers keeping the shelter in the community.
It raises a question for me about the exclusive negotiations. That means
we're tying our hands around the response that we already have with a
single party. I wonder if the maker of the Motion would accept inviting
comments from the Humane Society about the cost structure of the
negotiated outcome.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mr. Keene: There's nothing that precludes the Humane Society or anybody
else commenting on the proposal we bring forward. That's actually one of
the fundamental purposes of the public comment period and the ability of
people to submit in advance very detailed analyses. I've never seen a
Council not interested in receiving those things automatically.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's different than asking a particular organization to
come forward and scrutinize another organization's agreement and comment
on it.

Mr. Alaee: Council Member Schmid, which Humane Society?

                                                                       Page 65 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
