                          TRANSCRIPT
P.M. and 8:30 P.M. to learn about a minor roadway restriping project along
Middlefield Road between Channing Avenue and Oregon Expressway and on
North California Avenue between Alma Street and Jordan Middle School. Our
Staff will present the revised concepts which include measures to reduce
vehicle speeds, a separated bikeway in front of Jordan Middle School, new
crosswalks where needed, and operational improvements at several
signalized intersections. In response to community feedback on the last
proposal in January, the current concept maintains most existing on-street
parking on both sides of Middlefield Road and does not include bicycle lanes.
Additional information on the project can be found on the City's website
under transportation.     Project Safety Net, our community collaborative
related to youth well-being, has distributed a community survey as a follow-
up to the Federal Center for Disease Control Epi-Aid investigation here in
Palo Alto, that asks our residents and students, who must be at least 13
years of age to participate, about their insights and attitudes related to Palo
Alto's efforts to prevent and respond to youth suicide. The online survey is
available in English, Spanish and Chinese. To access the survey, one can go
to the Project Safety Net website at psnpaloalto.com.           The survey is
anonymous and runs from last Friday, June 3rd, through the 24th of June.
The information will be shared with the various stakeholders in the Center
for Disease Control Epi-Aid process. Just a comment related to the Council
Consent Agenda. I'll just do it here, right now. I did want to say thanks to
Herb Borock for his comments on the High Speed Rail comment letter. Our
Staff looked at the suggestions and will be happy to add a request that Palo
Alto participate in the Section 106 process for historic resources. With that
change, we're recommending approval of the draft letter which was crafted
with input from the Council's Rail Committee. Other than acknowledging the
passing of Muhammad Ali, that's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications for items that are not
otherwise on the Agenda. We have three speaker cards. If there are any
other speakers who wish to speak, they need to bring a card forward at this
time. Our first speaker is Claude Ezran, to be followed by Doria Summa.
Welcome.

Claude Ezran: Good evening, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. I'm Claude
Ezran, 770 Seale Avenue. I would like to invite all of you as well as
members of this audience and people who are watching us to Palo Alto
World Music Day, which this year will take place on Sunday, June 19th,
which is also Father's Day, on University Avenue, which will be closed to

                                                                            Page 4 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
