                           TRANSCRIPT
captures the concerns. A couple of little details. I think there's a little bit of
tension between a stakeholder committee and blue ribbon task force. I
think this captures that it's really both of those. I think you really want that
blue ribbon task force people who sit down and say to themselves what is
the funding plan, what are the projects that need to be done and how we get
there and create a plan. I think that's fine the way we have it. I just think
that when we put this together, I'd like to see Staff come back with some
options, like we did with the Infrastructure Blue Ribbon Commission (IBRC),
of how to constitute the committee and have Council input so that we get
some sense of what we're really trying to achieve and debate that then. In
"D," I thought that was good. I'd like to add "and have Staff come back to
us with options about how to constitute the stakeholder committee," if that
would be acceptable.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the end of Motion Part D, “and options
for structure of the stakeholder committee.”

Vice Mayor Scharff: On "C," instead of saying identify funding requirements,
I'd like to say "identify funding requirements and come up with a funding
plan." At the IBRC, it wasn't just the tax. There may be such things as
parking revenue, for instance. I'm just thinking we should make it where we
come up with a really good plan and have that in there. I'd like to see
"identify funding requirements, explore various funding options, and develop
a funding plan," if that's acceptable.

Council Member Kniss: I'm just waiting to see them in writing.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Motion Part C, “and develop a funding
plan” after “various funding options.”

Vice Mayor Scharff:         I did want to speak a little bit to the business
community. I'm glad Carl Guardino is still here. Carl has said that you want
a tax to be specific, you want a tax sunset provisions. There's three or four
little things on a list I wish I had in front of me. It's clear to me that a tax in
2017, that is a specific tax that requires a two-thirds majority, is the
superior option, that would benefit the business community, benefit Palo Alto
and is the right way to go. I don't believe that will happen without the
business community's support. I'm hoping that whether or not it's Peter
Stone or Chop Keenan or—is it Jeff? Rob—Rob Fischer or head of the
Chamber, we need our own Carl Guardino to basically get that business
community together and put that together. If that doesn't happen, then I
think there will be some cynicism on Council. I wouldn't like to see that and

                                                                            Page 93 of 98
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/27/16
