                         TRANSCRIPT
INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with
recommendations on how to treat existing retail basement use in the
University Avenue core area.” (New Part G)

Mayor Burt: Second, on the outreach, which we actually don't have. It was
in the PowerPoint, but it's not in the proposed framework that I'm aware of,
unless I'm missing it.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible) on 306, but I don't know what you're
referring to.

Mayor Burt: The Motion's this stuff. I would just say that within—one, we
need to address what outreach we're asking Staff to do, because that's not
touched in the Motion at all. Where was it? What are we envisioning? We
have a certain timeframe. Maybe, Jonathan, can you comment a little bit on
when this would be coming back to Council and what amount of outreach
you were thinking should be done and could reasonably be done without
slowing down the process? The thing that I'll want to add is specifically
including small, independent retailers within that and not assume that the
Chamber or the Business Improvement District will necessarily capture that.

Mr. Lait: We were thinking in order for us to meet all these timelines we
would go to the Planning and Transportation Commission in November or
December. Our outreach is going to be probably myself and Jean going out
to different groups that we've identified in the report here. We already know
that the Chamber's calendar is full. I'm not sure we're going to be able to
go to one of their standard forums. We're just going to do the best we can
to get out in the community. If there's some ...

Mayor Burt: You're thinking before you go to Planning Commission, you
would do some of that outreach?

Mr. Lait: We're going to try.

Mayor Burt: I get it.

Mr. Lait: I guess our framework was more broad than where it's going now.
The level of outreach may not be as—the extent of it may not be as
necessary.

Mayor Burt: That outreach could be after the Planning Commission too. I
would just then add an "H" that says direct Staff to conduct informal
outreach to stakeholders including independent retailers, plural, so it's not
just one.
                                                                      Page 99 of 111
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/17/16
