                          TRANSCRIPT
Commission and then to the Council. Our hope is that we can get that to the
Council in August.      When we first proposed the fees to the Finance
Committee, our recommendation for single-family detached was $95 a
square foot. With that $95 a square foot, you're correct. It would be more
than what we estimate the fees would be under the current ordinance or the
7.5 percent of the sale price. In discussions with the Finance Committee,
there were concerns that the residential fees were out of scale with the
commercial fees on commercial land uses. The Finance Committee's last
recommendation to us involved a $50 a square foot fee for all residential
types, condominiums and single-family detached. With that $50 a square
foot fee, it would actually be quite a bit less than the current in-lieu fees.
Obviously this is a policy decision. It will ultimately be up to the full Council,
the structure of the fee and the amount that's charged per square foot. If
our recommendation holds true, the fees would be collected at building
permit issuance, well in advance of the sale of the units.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. A couple of things. First of all, I'm glad that
the project is so satisfactory to the neighborhood. People seem enthused
about having this project. I think that's a great thing. Obviously the
developer did a really good job working with the neighbors and coming to
something that everyone seemed happy about. I think that's all really good
reasons to support the project. I wanted to make some comments; and
they're not against the project. I just think I want to basically state a couple
of things that's interesting, that I think we need to think of as a Council.
We've looked at a lot of development projects over the past two years. I've
heard statements from this Council that we won't approve things that don't
meet Code, that we don't want to have exceptions, that we look at the draft
Record of Land Use findings whenever we have them. We go through them,
and we say, "Does it really meet this? Are we really okay with that?" I'm
really glad that we're actually starting to show some flexibility as a Council.
When a project is made better and it makes sense to make those
exceptions, we don't need to be so fundamentalist about does it met Code,
does it meet the zoning exceptions, and all of that. I'll just point out in
Section 4, the exception findings on Page 7 of the Staff Report, where it says
the proposed project's exceptions to the zoning standards for lot size, lot
width and lot depth for the following and depicted on tentative map of
Golden Gate Homes. Then, they say the reason we're granting this is
because the neighborhood wants a lower density and not the higher density;
therefore, we should grant this. I just want to point out it's outcome based.
I think that's fine. I think what we're doing is we're responsive to the
neighborhood, and we're making a better project. I think when other
projects come before us, we should also ask ourselves, does it make it a
                                                                             Page 5 of 80
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 6/28/16
