                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Reichental: To be determined, I think is the answer. It's all going to
depend on what we ask for and how it's configured. What is definitely
certain is that pricing has become more complicated. Anyone who works
with Microsoft knows that, for example. You have to be very specific in how
you're using the software. There's a couple of models, for example, where
you could have licenses for everybody or you could just have concurrent
licensing which is how many people are using it at a particular time. There
is lots of flavors. I would say there would be tremendous interest in creating
incentives to remain on SAP. We would look to the advantages of cloud-
based or subscription model to push down the cost.

Council Member DuBois: When you talk about third-party solutions, you're
talking about like an external payroll provider or maybe a recruiting app or
whatever, like carving off pieces of functionality to like a separate service.

Mr. Reichental: Just to clarify, when we're talking about managed third-
party services? When we talk about managed third-party, we're talking
about people, process and technology, the whole lot being out. It could be a
payroll provider that does the whole thing. Within the other pieces, the non-
third-party managed services we would look to—for example, today we use
PlanetBids for (inaudible) e-procurement. It's a very dedicated solution just
for that piece. We can switch on the features we want; we can switch off
the features we want. We have today in 2016 much more flexibility than
we've had historically. Being in technology, you know that well too.

Council Member DuBois: Right now, you said SAP has a lot of functions we
don't use. If we started to use a lot of third-party services, would you
expect the new ERP costs to go down or are we going to end up paying
basically for duplicative features we don't use just because it's bundled up
that way?

Mr. Reichental: I think we would look for a few things. We certainly would
look to bring the cost down at a fundamental level. Some of the things you
can get potentially with third parties would be capabilities we don't offer
today. That could have a value that we're prepared to pay for, because it
brings a lot of utility back to the City. We could see the staffing needs of the
City shift as a consequence of managed services, which could change the
staffing model too. In summary, there's two things. Clearly, we've got to
be cost conscious and thinking about how can we reduce the cost overall of
this thing. We also want to focus on value. There are things we could be
doing as a City we don't do or there's thing we do and we don't do them
particularly well. There are efficiencies that City Staff could use that would
just make life easier. I'll give you an example. Entering time today or
getting expense reimbursement is tough. I think Lalo and I and City

                                                                            Page 7 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
