                          TRANSCRIPT
showroom and whatever amount of it may not be showroom and whether it
should be counted against the 0.4 FAR as opposed to the question of
whether it is exceeding the 0.2 for a showroom, which is what you had
answered?

Mr. Lait: We just heard a moment ago that the floor plan is mislabeled here.
I don't know if you've got the plans in front of you or not, but there's an
area that is ...

Mayor Burt: Which page?

Mr. Lait: This is Page PR00.11. I'll draw your attention first to the legend in
the upper left. The lighter shade area is assignable floor area, and then the
darker shade is the showroom area. As you look toward the right side,
there's an area marked finance, which appears to be misplaced and ought to
be in the rooms to the north of that. The lounge is right immediately
adjacent to the showroom area. There's a boutique. Again, that looks like a
lounge area. I'm not sure what exactly is involved in there. These plans
have evolved over the 9 or 10 months that we've been processing them. I
have not seen this particular layout. I would say if it was a finance area,
then that should be counted as floor area. If there's elements related to the
sales office or the sale of related merchandise, I agree with the commenter
that that ought to be counted as floor area. I don't think that the plans—this
section of the Code also includes a reference that Director has the—there's
some latitude there in how this space is evaluated. There's some flexibility
in how the Council wants to look at this. If we want to take a hard-line look
and carve out these areas, we certainly can.          There was no Director
modification granted as part of our review of the project. I do think there's
some mislabeled plans here. I do think if this does go forward, there should
be a condition imposed that ensures that the area that's dedicated to
showroom is actually showroom area as defined in the Code. I don't think
the applicant—they can respond—would have a problem complying with the
requirements of that provisions. That's number one. Number two, the
commenter speaks to the issue of some area not counting toward the plans.
If you go to the next page, you'll see that—it's PR00.12, the next page of
your plans. You'll see a large portion of that area is white, meaning it's not
assignable floor area. This is the area where if you were to take your car to
be serviced, they would park your car in this portion of the building. This is
an extension of customer parking as we see it. Now, the Council may see it
differently. You take your car to get serviced; that car goes to a parking
space. That's the space inside the building where that car is going. That's
repeated again on the following page, where a portion of that next floor plan
is shown as white. This is again where service vehicles would be parked.
There's a portion of that same floor plan that's shaded. This is area that is
                                                                          Page 111 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
