                         TRANSCRIPT
I think, as I said, at this point I would stay the course as we planned, I
think, when we voted in June.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I agree. I think we should go ahead and set this up. I
had some comments on the stakeholder committee itself. I agree with what
we had in there, not limited to Stanford, Transportation Management
Association.   I think that should say the Downtown Transportation
Management Association, Palo Alto Unified School District, residents,
Stanford Research Park Transportation Demand Working Group. First of all,
is the Transportation Demand Working Group the Stanford Research Park
group? Which is that group?

Council Member Wolbach: There shouldn't be a comma between "Park" and
"Transportation." It's one thing. Stanford Research Park Transportation
Demand Management Working Group is one entity.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If that's true, I think it's an important group to have on
the ...

Mayor Burt: It's basically the two TMAs. We want the Downtown TMA and
the Research Park TMA.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I wanted to make sure. I wanted the Downtown TMA in
it. I also think we should probably have someone from the Stanford
Research Park separate from the TMA possibly or maybe they're the same
person. I'm not sure. I think they're different entities. If we're going to
apply this possibly to the hospital—I don't know if we are—we might want to
have someone from the hospital. We should think about how many people
we want. On the IBRC, I think we had 17, and 15 showed up, is what I
recall.

Council Member Berman: That sounds about right.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we should model it basically—a number like
that, I think that number worked well. I know, Marc, you were on it, if you
disagree. Not everyone participates. You have some people drop off. I
think that's better than an alternate system. I was thinking also of a
number we had—we just recently had a large number of applicants that
applied to the PTC, and we did all of those interviews. I thought the Council
should choose the people that are on this. We should go ahead and
interview them all. We could have 10-minute interviews like we did for the
PTC. I think that would probably work better than what we did with the
IBRC, which was have three Council Members interview everyone. Then, I
                                                                       Page 91 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
