                          TRANSCRIPT
going to be bringing a hugely expanded shuttle program for your review and
consideration. We're about to kick off our paid parking study for the
Downtown. Remember that all of these efforts are part of the three-legged
stool, the three-pronged approach including parking management, the
Transportation Demand Reduction Programs, and parking supply. More
specifically, the reminder that what we're really trying to do here is to
reduce single occupant vehicle trips. If any of you went to Richard Willson's
talk last year, he spoke very specifically about the importance of parking
management and specifically RPP as a way to really create the foundation
for these programs. Just with that context, we are talking about details
today. These details really do matter in making our program effective. I'm
going to hand this over now to Sue-Ellen Atkinson who is our parking and
Transportation Demand Management (TDM) lead for the City to go through
the details of the Staff proposal.

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Parking Operations Lead: Hi, good afternoon. As
Jessica mentioned, this is a continuation of our meeting with you in the wee
hours on February 1st. I've brought back the Downtown RPP Resolution
that, as noted, does only affect the Downtown RPP District. The Resolution
includes the updated RPP boundary that has not changed since the
February 1st recommendation. It includes the annexed streets. Those are
streets that have already submitted full petitions to Staff to be included in
the Downtown RPP District. It also includes a recommendation to approve
eligibility areas for optional future opting into the Downtown RPP program.
Again, the annexed streets have already expressed an interest and
submitted full petitions, and they are asking for assistance and relief from
parking intrusion. The eligibility areas are optional areas that can opt-in
through an administrative process in the future. Per Council direction, we've
included a limit of 2,000 annual employee permits in the Downtown
Resolution. Per direction on February 1st, we've also included a mechanism
to reduce those employee permits annually. We have included a mechanism
in there to divide and distribute employee parking throughout the Downtown
RPP District by employee parking zones. Those are the ten zones that are
mapped through the District. Also, based on direction from Council on
February 1st, we've included a limit on the daily employee permits. Those
are the $5 what we call scratcher permits. We've included a limit on those
and a mechanism for prioritizing employee permits. If you remember, this is
the updated Phase Two boundary. None of this information has changed
since we were last here. We have the original Downtown RPP District, and
then we have about a dozen yellow dotted lines that are those streets that
have submitted full petitions to be annexed immediately into the Downtown
RPP District, because they're currently experiencing parking intrusion. If
approved, signs will be installed on those streets, and those residents will be
eligible for RPP permits. The blue areas are those proposed eligibility areas
                                                                           Page 6 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
