                         TRANSCRIPT
redundant of Goal Number 5, but we tried to accomplish all of these
enhancements to the Plan. On species and habitat, we have a new goal,
Number 2. We also have new and enhanced programs. I do want to
mention that these complement updates to our storm water permit and
creation of a green infrastructure plan. On species and habitat, we amended
some of our goals for native species. Currently we have seven percent
native species on our street trees, and we had adopted a goal of 10 percent
in 10 years, and amended that with a goal of 20 percent in 20 years.
Likewise, we currently have 11 percent in urban parks. The 10-year goal
was 25 percent; the 20-year goal is 50 percent. These are aggressive goals
that are going to require us to plant a large proportion of native species. We
also have included language about native species into creation of landscape
technical manual, which could be combined with the updates that we had
proposed to the tree technical manual. It doesn't have to be a standalone
project; it could be a combined project. The development impacts, this is
Slide 1 of 3. Not only did we talk about Goal Number 5, but specifically
development impacts were called out. We have enhanced a number of
policies and programs, also created some new policies and programs. We
are going to be proposing at a future date updates to Municipal Code,
specifically to Title 8 which is trees and vegetation. Some examples are
currently we protect redwoods, which are a high water-use tree and native
to only select areas in Palo Alto. We would propose that protection of
redwoods could be amended, not eliminated but amended, to reflect our
future goals for water conservation and some of our other Comprehensive
Plan goals. Likewise, there's a number of updates proposed to Citywide
plans, policy documents, procedures. Those would be supported by the new
analysis projects that we're going to be doing. Likewise, on development
impacts, there was recently some discussion on green infrastructure, green
building and water-efficient landscapes, specifically the State has mandated
that we adopt a water-efficient landscape ordinance. Some of the changes
that we proposed in the Urban Forest Master Plan are responsive to
complying with the State's mandate.          We've also added programs to
communicate the need for interdepartmental coordination. Obviously when
we're talking about development, that is not the sole function of the Urban
Forestry section of the Public Works Department. This is something that
requires broad collaboration as do things like developing a landscape
technical manual which could affect our fire control, could affect water
conservation, could affect solar collection. There's a number of issues that
have to be dealt with through interdepartmental collaboration. We did
provide an Attachment B which is an alternate vision statement. I'll just
provide a very quick opinion. Both the vision statements are good. Both
vision statements would be consistent with the goals, policies and programs
that we have recommended. The alternate was proposed by a consensus of
our stakeholder group. We would be happy to have Council's feedback on
                                                                       Page 95 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
