                             TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid:        Could I ask a follow-up question? I guess I'm a
longtime resident of the     City, and I've driven by, walked by a number of
times but never been in.      My family has not. Are there programs to reach
out to seniors, to maybe     teens to see if you can build a wider interest and
participation in the club?

Mr. Hickson: Yes. We run two sessions of 5 weeks on a Wednesday evening
in the spring and in the summer, which is advertised through the Enjoy!
Magazine. We do other advertising and promotions, try and get as many
articles. We have a website which is quite well read and has just been
updated. Our gates are always open. We have an open day on Sundays for
anybody to walk in and get coaching if they like, where there's no pressure.
We coach for free. If they want to come back, that's great. If they don't,
they still had some fun.

Council Member Schmid: That's very helpful. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: I have one follow-up question while you're at the podium. Do
you also engage with Avenidas and use them to help promote your
activities?

Mr. Hickson: We have tried that in the past with leaflets, but it hasn't
actually produced a great response. We just try and do our outreach
through our own members and our advertising on the gates and so on. We
actually, if I may just mention it, spent quite a lot as a club with a huge
group of volunteers in maintaining the property, both the building itself and
the whole area. It's really in a first-class state, and we're proud of that. We
think it's a wonderful place. When people come in, they seem to enjoy the
atmosphere. We get many comments about how they enjoy it. Some just
come in and sit, just to enjoy the quietness.

Mayor Burt: I don't know whether you've pursued it.           Perhaps Avenidas
would be receptive to having you linked on their website.

Mr. Hickson: That's a good thought. We'll certainly follow it up.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I guess recently at Policy and Services, we were
discussing the Colleagues Memo about neighborhood groups being able to
meet in facilities. Would this clubhouse be one of the facilities available?

Lalo Perez, Chief Financial Officer and Administrative Services Director: Lalo
Perez, Chief Financial Officer. As long as it's not in use by the club, there's a


                                                                             Page 8 of 72
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 3/28/16
