                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Pat, just so I understand. What you're trying to
achieve is that right now—maybe Staff can (inaudible) right now our
Ordinance requires that you look at a house-by-house basis. If you're going
to do all three together, we just have them certify it as if it's all three
together. Is that correct?

Mayor Burt: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm looking to the City Attorney to make sure the
language works with that concept.

Ms. Stump: I'd just like to point out to Council that there was an initial
program that was put in place as a policy, and it was a pilot and is subject to
be reviewed in December by Policy and Services. Public Works is going to
bring back a report of experience to date and some suggestions about
additional actions which …

AMENDMENT RESTATED:            Mayor Burt moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to review the third party
dewatering review statement to assure that the aggregate impact is
evaluated and not simply the individual dewatering impact of each lot.”

Mayor Burt: What I should also add then is second that this development be
subject to whatever new requirements the Council adopts on dewatering
prior to next season's permitted dewatering period.            He can't start
dewatering until after the rainy season. Basically, this thing doesn't get to
race through under a set of old standards right as we're on the cusp of
adopting new potentially stricter standards. It's an addition. At a minimum,
they'd be looked at in aggregate. In addition, if there are new standards
adopted by the Council next winter or early spring, they would apply to this
project.

Ms. Stump: Just to clarify, Mayor Burt. I think what's coming before Policy
and Services is—as you know, this is a complicated area. There's a layered
set of options. Some of them will take additional study or additional work
that goes out quite a period of time. Council may direct us to work on
those.

Mayor Burt: I'm just saying that whatever requirements are placed on other
properties for the next dewatering season would apply to this property.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why wouldn't it apply to all projects? Why would this
be separate?



                                                                         Page 36 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
