                          TRANSCRIPT
have a big issue related to Animal Services and a shelter and the outsourcing.
We have labor negotiations with almost all of our employees. We have a bunch
of neat library projects that, in one sense, I could have put under the
Infrastructure, but they're so far along that they're more on our project level.
We've got the Stanford fire contract issue and negotiations. We have a big
Staff initiative all related around Smart Cities and how do we use technology
and some of this different sensor technology and all those sorts of things that
would inform things like our parking strategy, but they go beyond that. There's
just a whole bunch of initiative work that, again, we are working on that are not
being reflected back there in the Council's Priorities. We are working at the
Staff level on actually trying to develop almost a play book for us to manage
our work. Right now, this page here is the "above the water line" work, if I
could stay with the iceberg metaphor. We're really trying to identify the
Council Priority projects, the list, and ultimately to identify both the individual
and the collective percentage of time that we expect people to be devoted to
working on those projects. The second phase is we are concurrently developing
the ELT priority project list. These are department visible or critical to success
as a City or they're cutting across the Executive Leadership Team. The same
thing to identify for people in our organization who work on Priority projects,
how much of their time goes to that. The important thing to remember is that
most of our employees are working in that core service area, "below the water
line." We've got 1,100 employees; we have less than 100 who are working on
these Priority projects. In this core service area, we'd like to think about the
fact that we've got team work which includes things like administration and
management. A lot of our people who work on Priority projects also have
responsibilities of planning, managing Staff, communicating. That's answering
emails and that sort of thing. It's maintaining relationships. In other words,
supporting Commissions that they work with, working with their peers if they're
department heads. The bulk of the work is in this area of service. That
includes all of the routine duties, customer service and, to the extent that we
do troubleshooting and responsiveness. When you see the information from
the public about how they access the City, that comes in through this sort of
service area. When the Council gets requests from citizens about issues or
problems, they go to our Staff. Many times it does require people who are
working in the Priority project area to also intervene. Lastly, there's an area
that we call renewal which is training and learning.                Is there any
unprogrammed time that exists for Staff?            Obviously we need to have
unprogrammed time if we're going to have new initiatives. We're really
ultimately going to be capturing a measure of the capacity in our organization
for people to function in this core service area. We've got "above the water
line" Priority work, which is what's visible to the Council and to me when I'm
looking at these important projects. Yet, we have all of this baseline work of
the organization as a whole which also applies to people who work in the
"above the water line" area. We're developing an actual roster of capacity for
                                                                          Page 55 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
