                         TRANSCRIPT
     design of massing and materials (intended to avoid superficial and
     “applied” appearance of design), creates an internal sense of order and
     desirable environment for occupants, visitors, and the general
     community, and preserves, respects and integrates existing natural
     features and the historic character including historic resources of the
     area when relevant; and provides harmonious transitions in size, mass,
     scale and character to adjacent land uses, is compatible within the
     context of existing development in that it establishes design linkages
     with surrounding existing buildings so that the visual unity of the street
     is maintained at a minimum by:

     (1)   Siting, scale, massing, materials;

     (2)   The rhythmic pattern of the street established by the general
           width of the buildings and the spacing between them;

     (3)   The sizes, proportions, and orientations of windows, bays, and
           doorways;

     (4)   The location and treatment of entryways where applicable;

     And enhances living conditions on the site (if it includes residential
     uses) and in adjacent residential areas.

3.   The design is of high aesthetic quality, using high quality materials and
     appropriate construction techniques, and incorporating textures,
     colors, and other details that are compatible with and enhance the
     surrounding area.

4.   The design is functional, allowing for ease and safety of pedestrian and
     bicycle access and providing for elements that support the building’s
     necessary operations (e.g. convenient vehicle access to property and
     utilities, appropriate arrangement and amount of open space and
     integrated signage, if applicable, etc.).

5.   The landscape design is desirable, integrated and compatible with the
     building and the surrounding area, is appropriate to the site’s functions,
     and utilizes drought-resistant plant material capable of providing
     desirable habitat and that can be appropriately maintained.

6.   The project incorporates design principles that achieve sustainability and
     green building requirements in areas related to energy efficiency, water
     conservation, building materials, landscaping, and site planning.”

Mayor Burt: It was seconded by Council Member Schmid.

                                                                         Page 23 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
