                          TRANSCRIPT
circumstances. None of the Code provisions with regard to these uses are
proposed to be changed. There's another category that's currently regulated
in the Municipal Code. We're now calling it Tier Three. These are uses that
exceed the standards in State Title 19. We also refer to this as the CalARP
uses. These are currently prohibited within 300 feet of residential uses and
residential zoning districts. They require a conditional use permit in all other
locations. Under the terms of the proposed ordinance, they would be
prohibited in Palo Alto. There are, to our knowledge, no Tier Three uses
currently in Palo Alto. We would be effectively prohibiting any new such
uses to locate within the City limits or within the industrial districts. The
proposal before you would establish this new middle tier of hazardous
materials uses or Tier Two. It's defined as being uses that involve quantities
above the CUPA threshold and that involve toxic and highly toxic materials
as defined in the Fire Code. The Ordinance establishes a minimum distance
of 300 feet between these Tier Two uses and sensitive receptors. Within
that 300-foot distance, Tier Two uses would be prohibited. Beyond that
300-foot distance, Tier Two uses would require a Conditional Use Permit. If
you remember back to the current Code requirements for Tier Three uses,
we are now proposing that those apply to the Tier Two uses. There are 11
of these Tier Two uses in Palo Alto. There are two others that are in the
industrial zoning districts where the Ordinance applies. There are two other
facilities in public facility zoning district that involve medical services, and
we're not proposing regulation of those facilities. Rod can speak to the
reasons for that further, if you wish. This is a map of those 11 Tier Two
facilities and of the sensitive receptors that we were able to identify in the
City. The Ordinance would define those sensitive receptors more broadly
than currently in the City Code. It would include the uses shown in the list
on the right in addition to residentially zoned property. As we noted in the
Staff Report, the Planning Commission at their meeting in January had a
discussion about whether this was a sufficient list of uses and asked us to
explore a number of other potential uses which we do in the Staff Report,
but we're not proposing at this point and they did not propose a change to
the Ordinance. Just to recap. The current distance requirements for Tier
One is simply a notice under certain circumstances must be provided to
owners within 150 feet. For Tier Three, there's this 300-foot minimum
distance between it and sensitive receptors and a 600-foot notice
requirement. With the new requirements in place, the requirements for Tier
One would be unchanged. The requirements for Tier Two would be the same
as the current requirements for Tier Three, and Tier Three uses would be
prohibited.     These changes in this first Ordinance raise the issue of
nonconforming uses. These are uses generally that were legal at the time
they were established, but would no longer conform with the City's Code
after the changes are made. We looked at the 11 Tier Two uses that we'd
identified and the proposed Ordinance and identified three existing uses that
                                                                          Page 25 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
