                          TRANSCRIPT
into something that won't be there for the long term. We want to be sure
we get that balance correct.

Mr. Perez: That's correct. Assuming that we get through and there's a
balance left, our recommendation to you is that we use that towards the
Master Plan ideas. The funding is not going to just disappear. It's going to
go for purpose of the Cubberley site.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do we have a timeline or a sense of how we're moving
forward on the Master Plan yet? I think that's probably a good idea to
fleshing that out.

Mr. de Geus: We're looking to write a scope of services that effectively at
least describes what we think we would like to see happen in the next three
years and for the School District to do the same, to write that scope, which
may include some type of needs assessment as part of that work. Again,
what is holding us back a little bit is this very big question that the School
District is grappling with as to what they want to do with respect to adding
potentially an additional school or not. We feel like that's an important
question to answer in advance of bringing someone on to do a needs
assessment.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Absolutely. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I just want to say I'm happy to see we
can serve so many organizations, getting those 17 new people in there. I
think you guys did a great job of balancing the request and figuring out the
right allocations. Thank you, guys, for that. I'm pretty happy that not only
did we fill the space but we're really helping some community organizations.
I don't want it to get lost. I'm excited that we're starting the Master Plan
process. Several members of the public spoke about maintenance of the
building. I'm really looking forward to starting that joint planning process.
You guys are talking about getting the RFP out before the end of the year.
Would I like to see it happen faster? Sure, but I'm glad it's moving forward.
Hopefully next year it'll be a key priority for Council to really get this plan
done. I think our goal really needs to be shovel-ready plans before this
lease expires. The clock is ticking. On Avenidas, I do think it's been a
partnership with the City. They have been providing services that many
cities have to otherwise pay for themselves. I think that's why we provide a
building for no rent. I think they are a unique nonprofit. They've had this
unique relationship and history with the City before it was even called
Avenidas. Again, I don't have a problem with the lower rent for an

                                                                        Page 30 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
