                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach, did you need to comment on it?

Council Member Wolbach: This is substantially lower than what I'd proposed
earlier, which was not supported by my colleagues, which was 8,800 as an
alternative scenario for study. This is only—what is it? This is only 1,200
more than what we're already going to be studying. I think it gives us more
data, but is still within a range which is reasonable. If things don't scale
perfectly, this isn't so far out of the box that it radically changes or
diminishes the effect of (inaudible) utility of the information gathered.

Mayor Burt:   Council Member DuBois, you are speaking just to the
amendment, correct?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. Just like the last motion, we had a number.
We said is that reasonable. The same thing to Staff. Why is this a
reasonable number? Is it achievable?

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for the question. I think with any of these
housing numbers, you can put them out there. Our subsequent question, as
the City Manager suggested we'll come back to you with some options,
would be how would you get there. With Option C, we anticipated all of the
things that we included in Scenario 4 plus an additional conversion of
commercial FAR to residential FAR. To get beyond Option C, we just need to
know kind of what additional strategies the Council would employ. We could
bring some suggestions back when we come back as the City Manager
indicated.

Council Member DuBois: Just so I understand, though, why is this different
than, say, the reduction of the jobs? Could we have come back with more
ideas or you just felt that beyond the limits?

Ms. Gitelman: I guess I was operating under the presumption that the
Council hadn't indicated a desire to deviate substantially from the growth
limit, dramatically downzone or change the amount of permitted square
footage. I mean 250 new employees a year in a City the size of Palo Alto,
even in existing building space, is really low. Particularly if we want to do
things. We want retail; we want art galleries; we want ..

Mayor Burt: We already voted on that one. Let's go ahead and vote on this
amendment. That fails on a 5-4 vote with Council Members Wolbach,
DuBois, Berman and Kniss voting yes.

AMENDMENT FAILED: 4-5 Berman, DuBois, Kniss, Wolbach yes



                                                                     Page 116 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/16/16
