                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you and congratulations on your 85th season, the
longest running community theater on the Peninsula.        The founding
community theater of now Silicon Valley. Thank you very much.

3.    Awarding of Certified Fire Chief Designation to Fire Chief Eric Nickel by
      the California State Fire Marshall Tonya Hoover.

Mayor Burt: Welcome, Chief.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: I think we're in trouble. You never want to follow
kids, pets or the Palo Alto Players.

Mayor Burt: We're now proceeding on to Agenda Item Number 3 which is
the award of a Certified Fire Chief designation to Fire Chief Eric Nickel by the
California State Fire Marshall, Tonya Hoover. Welcome.

Tonya Hoover, State Fire Marshall: Thank you. No, I'm not going to break
into song, but Into the Woods did have Chris Pine as the prince. I was
targeted on that.

Mayor Burt: May I just say that we are privileged to introduce the California
State Fire Marshall, Tonya Hoover, who will provide an overview of the Fire
Chief Certification program, the process to achieve certification, and then
award the designation of Certified Fire Chief to our Fire Chief, Eric Nickel.

Ms. Hoover: Thank you very much. Mr. Mayor, members of Council. It's a
privilege and an honor to be here before you this evening to honor your Fire
Chief. A little bit about the Certified Fire Chief. The Certified Fire Chief is
the final level in a fire officer track. This level utilizes the performance
assessment process that is built on all forms of education and experience
exposure. This level is only awarded after the performance assessment
competency has been conducted by a peer review assessment committee.
That peer review assessment committee is the State Fire Marshall, another
Certified Fire Chief and a member of local government. The committee
evaluates specific competencies and technical knowledge, management and
leadership. There are several steps to complete this level. Not only must
the person have completed all the Chief Officer certification classes—there
are many—and have both defined experienced level and time in the position,
but the person must also possess a minimum education level of a bachelor's
degree, have an advocate, develop a detailed portfolio of life experiences in
the fire service, provide letters from other fire chiefs and non-fire service
personnel as reference, make all the appropriate notifications and submit to
the Office of the State Fire Marshal (OSFM) the application. And then the
patient waiting begins. The individual waits patiently for notification of
acceptance and scheduling, and waits patiently for the scheduling, and waits
                                                                         Page 23 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
