                          TRANSCRIPT
prosperity that characterizes this community, to encourage the innovation
that we have known for so long, improve our living standards and access to
services and really save money along the way by being efficient and
effective in the way that we deliver those services. Not least of all, this is
the right thing to do. This is an issue facing humanity as a whole We have
an opportunity to take actions that will serve our community well as well as
contribute our small piece to the larger issue and perhaps even set an
example that may inspire others. Whether to act in the face of these
challenges, I think, is not an economic decision. It's a moral and political
decision. How we choose to act, when we choose to act and in what ways
and to do that in the most economically intelligent ways will certainly be
something that we need to include. This is something that reaches beyond
climate.     We could electrify our fleets and eliminate transportation
emissions, but we still face congestion from the way we get around. We
could become a carbon neutral cityand still risk running out of water. We
know that we need to prepare for sea level rise, potential of wildland fires
and more. Without going into the philosophy very much, you've all seen the
three rings or the three-legged stool of sustainability, looking at economic
and environmental and social factors. There's another diagram that I've
shared with you before, suggesting that a sustainable city can improve the
quality of life and protect prosperity and enhance resilience for this
community. The Sustainability and Climate Plan is trying to address all of
that. The Draft that you have before you spans ten areas of action. It dives
most deeply into the direct impacts on greenhouse gas emissions and
climate. Other components touch other areas, many of which we have other
planning efforts under way on in the City. The Regional Water Quality
Control Plant, the Urban Forest Master Plan, the Zero Waste Plan and, of
course, the Comprehensive Plan (Comp. Plan) itself. These all need to
integrate. The context of the moment. You're all aware of the Paris
agreement in December. Mayor Burt, I know you were there for that. A
hundred and ninety-two, I believe it was, was the final tally of countries
committed to an 80 percent reduction goal by 2050, a goal already on the
table for the State of California.      We're facing sea level rise locally,
estimated at 1-5 feet by the end of the century, could be higher. That's
without the estimates of the rapidly accelerating ice melt in Greenland and
Antarctica. Of course, we have the context of the State policy. State
emissions reduction targets, renewal portfolio standards which we are
already well on our way to being ahead of, the challenge of doubling building
efficiency by 2030, of ensuring that all new residential construction is zero
net energy by 2020 and all new commercial by 2030. A lot of those actions
are—the policies are set at the State level, but the actions and
implementations are here at the local level. What you have here in the
Climate Plan is a scenario. It's a description of possible actions or events in
the future that could bring us to some goals that we may choose to take.
                                                                         Page 16 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
