                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Perez: Right now this would not go into the Plan. It would be separate
in the Plan that you adopted. The concern is the longer we delay the
project, the costs will escalate. On the flip side, there could be some relief
pending the sale of the Post Office, because additional parking in-lieu funds
will come in that could help the garage cost.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to follow-up. What I thought we were
doing tonight was we're saying we want to—if we vote to elevate these two
things, we're not saying what the tradeoffs are or what we don't fund. We
then go back to Staff to say what are our options on that. That's how I
heard it. I think we should vote to elevate that, because I want to hear from
Staff. This is a funding decision. How they would fund this if we said just go
fund this?

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and vote first on 35, whether we want to look at
elevating the priority of it.

Council Member Kniss: Those two together, though, 39 and (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Then we vote in succession. (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: (crosstalk) before we get the report, is that what
(inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: We're just saying at this time—let's do hands down, so we get
a clarification. We're just saying that we want to—we're giving a sentiment
in this case that we want it elevated in priority. I think in this case, Staff
would come back and partially answer that question. We're not trying to
determine tonight that it would be ahead of the parking study or not. We're
saying we want it escalated.

Council Member DuBois: I'm just not sure what that means. (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: We won't know what it means until Staff comes back with
alternatives on how to implement the reprioritization if we voted in favor of
it. We won't have that answer tonight. We're just saying that we have an
interest in them coming back and giving us alternatives.

Mr. Shikada: If I might, Mayor and Council, perhaps just for clarity. It is
worth noting that the Staff position on this matter is that the red is the right
sequence or represents the correct sequence. Completing the paid parking
study will inform both the policy decision on the type and rates of paying for
parking, should that be the recommendation and policy decision for the

                                                                         Page 95 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcropt: 5/31/16
