                          TRANSCRIPT
District as to their hopes for the Cubberley campus. If we can get that in
the next month, we'd like to prepare a scope of services to get some design
support from a consultant, which we would go out to bid for and then start
in earnest in January of '17, which leaves us three years left on the lease
with the School District. That's the brief update on the Master Plan. To get
back to the Council action at hand here, to amend the 1991 Master Plan
lease; to provide additional public benefits in those rooms that Foothill
occupied; the Staff recommendation to approve a $1-per-square-foot lease
for Avenidas for a temporary senior center; and the exemption from CEQA.
We're available to answer any questions.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, we will now have an opportunity for
questions.  Once again, these are not rhetorical questions; these are
genuine questions. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I want to make sure this is not rhetorical. I see big
value in Avenidas. I think they're an asset to the community, so they're
certainly worthy of our support. We've got a couple of million dollars or
something towards their renovation. There's a bunch of other nonprofits in
there as well. Can you talk a little bit about the thinking behind all the other
nonprofits pay $1.31 and Avenidas pays $1? Are they buying in volume or is
there any thinking behind that?

Mr. de Geus: Thank you, Council Member Filseth. It's a good question. We
did think about that. Avenidas is unique in the sense that their need relates
to their renovation of a City-owned building. They're raising some $13-plus
million to refurbish that building. The City has contributed $5 million
actually to their total campaign, which is not insignificant. Still, they're
working very hard to raise a lot of money for a service that we all care
about. They're essentially our senior service provider in this community.
Also, we did go back and talk them. We didn't just accept the rate that they
proposed. We asked if they could do a little more, and they took some time
to really think about what they could do. They came back with a number
that we felt was fair. As we looked at the overall revenue picture for
Cubberley with Avenidas and being able to do this for Avenidas, we still get
very close to reaching the target of what Foothill was paying.

Council Member Filseth: Understand, but the difference—in their case, they
have 10,000 square feet. The difference is going to be like $3,000 a month,
which is like $36,000 a year or something like that. It's not a huge amount
of money either to the City or to them. It's more of a policy issue here.
That's my question.



                                                                         Page 13 of 100
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/26/16
