                          TRANSCRIPT
field or subsequent to HRB and Planning review that are allowing this kind of
deconstruction and demolition in the District. What is being proposed by
having different review standards for properties dating from the early days
of Professorville than those built after 1940 is something I have never
encountered and question the premise.          Using as an example Eichler
National Register districts, those properties were built post-1940, and yet
they have the same historic status as an 1890 Victorian in Professorville.
The Guidelines referencing early Professorville should apply equally to the
later period of development. The Guidelines do not address the matter of
District contributors and non-contributors, the basis for much consternation
previously without clear criteria and the basis along with new building design
for this Staff project going forward.             Previously the Committee
recommended making single-story projects in Professorville subject to
Individual Review.      That was also brought forward by Staff in public
meetings. It is not referenced in the Guidelines or otherwise. Just tonight
we have at our places—it is referenced here. There's no reference to
incentives in the City Code to promote preservation of historic structures.
There is no reference to the State Historic Building Code, which promotes
alternative methods of achieving Building Code compliance. The Guidelines
do not address the fact that there are some post-1940 buildings scattered in
amongst the earliest Professorville development. The Guidelines do not
indicate how feasibility of repair or restoration will be determined. The
Guidelines do not list color as an important characteristic in the District even
though it is a consistent factor. Having to do with windows. While the
language on Page 59, 3.2.1, is clear on the importance of windows as
character-defining features, it is not clear how this is distinguished from
recent street-facing window replacements that have been permitted. From
this observer's perspective, they stand out as replacements due to lack of
window detailing and the kind of glass that is used. This is a common
observation in Professorville. Garages, Page 73, 4.1.1, having to do with
garages. Some properties do not currently have garages, and the addition
of them on small lots would have a significant impact on the neighborhood
context. That's, again, not addressed. It's sort of assumed that garages will
be allowed in all situations. Additions, 4.1.2, new additions. The middle
example on—I lost that page number. The middle example is much larger
and taller than the original structure, something I've always understood is
not consistent with the Standards. The use of connectors or hyphens, as
they're often referred to, is recommended to separate the addition and
reduce the impact.        Subdivisions.   The notion of lot subdivision in
Professorville is questionably consistent with the Secretary Standards given
that setting, setbacks, landscaping are all important to properties in the
District. While I believe there are a number of aspects of the Guidelines that
offer good guidance, there seems to be a foundational premise that brings
forward significant gaps and inconsistencies with the Standards as I know
                                                                         Page 60 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
