                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Thanks, Bonnie.

Mr. Garber: Thank you, Bonnie. Julia, then Bob, and then Elaine, and then
Hamilton. If you guys would end up lining up so we can reduce our time
here. Go ahead.

Julia Moran, CAC Member: Hi. My name's Julia Moran. I think I'm
probably—I've probably lived here the shortest amount of time of all of the
people on the Committee. It's nice to meet all of you. Thank you for
appointing me. My background, I moved here a few years ago with my
husband. He has a startup on East Bayshore office area. Before this, we
moved from New York.          I used to work in finance at an investment
management firm, and now I am home with two very young kids. That's
who I am. I think my other Committee Members kind of echoed the same
thoughts I have of the general issues we have with the difficulties with
delving deeply into each of the topics, articulated better than probably I can.
With the scenarios, my one main concern. It looks like all four scenarios
have significantly more jobs than population. Given that we are, if I'm
understanding that correctly, already the City doubles during the day. I
think that a lot of the cultural issues that we have, the small town feel that a
lot of people want isn't necessarily the amount of people here; it's that gap
between people working here versus living here and then what services,
what retail comes into the City and who that serves. I would like to see a
scenario where there's more housing compared to jobs. Also, I like the idea
of pursuing smaller units. I know that Arthur said that we aren't looking at
the fiscal impact, I think, if I got that correct. I'm wondering with smaller
units, I would assume there's bigger turnover and what the impact of that is
on our tax base, as once those units are turned over our property taxes are
reset. I think that could have some long-term effects on our base. That's
about it. Thank you.

Mr. Garber: Julia, thank you. Bob and then Elaine.

Bob Wenzlau, CAC Member: Hi, I'm Bob Wenzlau. My background, I'm an
environmental engineer and resident of Palo Alto for 20 years and also run
an environmental company in Palo Alto. Where I wanted to drill into a little,
not unpredictably, is the sustainability topic. One is I want to remind maybe
the group what is sustainability, because I had to kind of look it up. On one
level, you take the word sustainability as a cliché, and you think it means
solar panels or something like that. It's a measure of the economy, the
environment and social equity and basically creating well-being. It's a
surprisingly broader term.      To Karen's point, as much environmental
health—I think environmental health is obviously very important in the
community. There is a challenge that I've been having with this. This

                                                                             Page 61 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
