                           TRANSCRIPT
Dan Cole: Hello. I'll be very brief. I live in the residential space that's
adjacent to this property. I oppose the rezoning. I'm concerned about the
setback from the streets and, from 524 Hamilton there are some oak trees
right along that edge of 524 Hamilton that, I think, would be at risk, and
certainly the height and the traffic congestion. Similar to many people, but
those are my thoughts.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. William Cane to be followed by Stewart Hindley.

William Cane: William Cane. I've lived here for 52 years. I just wanted to
call attention to a few points that have been mentioned. In the information
packet, there was a point made that the project abuts the Marc Tower
property.    I think that's specious; it's ridiculous.  It abuts mostly on
residential property and small apartment buildings. Second, this project, if it
were to go ahead, would establish precedent. The development of future
projects both going down south along Webster and west on Hamilton, but
these are kind of technical concerns. A bigger concern is whether the
character of Palo Alto is beyond saving. These battles against offensive and
excessive office developments have been taking place as long as I've lived
here. I'd like to see the Council preserve those values of the City that are
worth preserving.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.         Stewart Hindley to be followed by Alexsander
Oysgelt, I think.

Stewart Hindley: Hi, I'm Stewart Hindley. I live just two lots down from the
proposed site. I'm against it. I think it's just too dense, and it's going to
create traffic issues, parking issues and fundamentally just going to destroy
the residential feel of that area where we live, and make it feel more like a
commercial district, which also will detract from my quality of life. I'm
opposed to the project as it's currently proposed.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Alexsander Oysgell, I don't know if I'm reading it
correctly. I'm sorry. Followed by ...

Alexsander Oysgelt: You did it very well. Thank you for letting me speak.
To share, I'm a resident, just two houses down the street from the proposed
construction. I'm married; my wife and two children, they're sitting in the
back row. Wave guys. I want to urge you to reject the rezoning for this
proposal. The current parking lot serves as a nice transition between the
commercial building and the rest of our street, which is primarily residential.
I taught my children how to bike in this parking lot. I see some people
skateboard.    Sometimes the churchgoers will park there or Downtown
residents. The current owner of the site is a holding corporation. The
concern is that they'll cause an increase in traffic, there will be difficulty with
                                                                           Page 19 of 122
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/16/16
