                          TRANSCRIPT
residents as well as an insurance benefit for home and commercial business.
Finally, the last area is accountable and cost-recoverable department. We
pride ourselves in being a fee-based department, to not be a drain on the
General Fund. We ensure that development pays its own way by setting
fees to be in par with the level of service that we set. With that, I'd also
send this. If you have an iPhone that you want to download our app on, feel
free. It gives you instructions on how to do that. I look forward to
continuing to serve the City and to represent the hardworking individuals
behind me and behind the scenes, like our new Assistant Chief Building
Official, Evon Ballash, sitting in the stands. Again, it's a pleasure to be here
and to serve the City of Palo Alto and its fine residents. I hope to continue
to do so.

Mayor Burt: If you'll hold, I'll bring this down to you.

Mr. Pirnejad: Thank you very much.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Next item is City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members.
Silicon Valley at Home is hosting Affordable Housing Week 2016 in Santa
Clara County from May 13th to May 20th with a policy breakfast kickoff on
Friday, May 13th. There is a full schedule of events including affordable
housing tours, workshops and panels on various housing topics. Scheduled
events include a Palo Alto affordable housing tour on May 15th and a film
screening and discussion featuring a documentary about the Buena Vista
Mobile Home Park on May 17th at the Aquarius Theatre in Downtown Palo
Alto.      A full schedule of events is available at the website
siliconvalleyathome.org, and you can look it up under events in Affordable
Housing Week on that website. Did want to share that permit applications
and parking occupancies in Downtown garages have increased due to the
Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) Phase Two implementation.
In particular, the number of commuters using parking at the Cowper-
Webster garage, finally, have dramatically increased. Staff has had recent
reports from the Police Department and permit holders that indicates all
permit spaces are now filled on a daily basis. Given this, we are working
with the Valet Assist Program Coordinator, SV Plus, to develop an
implementation plan for a valet program at the Cowper-Webster garage
similar to programs operating at the High Street and the Bryant Street
                                                                          Page 25 of 67
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/25/16
