                          TRANSCRIPT
Alex Thompson: Hi. My name is Dr. Alex Thompson. I just moved here
from Los Angeles, and I like it a lot. It's a much better place to ride; I'm a
cyclist. I ride to work every day via Amarillo, Louis, California. Those are
the main streets I ride on, sometimes Ross. I think these are pretty
relevant streets at least for me. I'm happy to tell you that I'm a data
scientist at work, and I study car risk, driving risk, so I'm glad to be here
talking about work after work. The packets I passed around show two
things. One are some basic traffic stats for Palo Alto, and another thing they
show are some photos I took this morning of the bike racks at Jordan Middle
Schools, which you'll recall is bordered by Louis and also Ross feeds in there.
It shows basically about 300 bikes at the middle school. If you check the
enrollment of Jordan Middle School, it's about 1,100 students. That tells
that around 27 percent of middle school students there are riding to their
work, to school. I think we should consider that it's not if we build it, they
will come. They're already here, and they're short and they need our
protection. The other stats there show that while Palo Alto is the best place
to live in the Bay, it's actually one of the kind of not so great places as far as
traffic safety. It's actually more comparable with Los Angeles than it is with
San Francisco or with Sacramento than Davis. In order to kind of be robust
and be the best city in the Bay, I think these kinds of things are really
needed. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Just to let you know, there are other racks, I think,
at Jordan. We're at about 45 percent bike share. N. Buchanan to be
followed by Eric Nordman.

Neilson Buchanan: Nelson Buchanan, I live on Bryant, and I spend a fair
amount of time not driving on Bryant because of the bikes which, I think, is
a good idea. It's much better for us that drive our cars to take Waverley.
That's one point I want to come back to. I'm fully supportive of this Bike
Plan. I don't understand it all; I do understand the impact on the Residential
Preferential Parking (RPP) parking district area. I'd like to confine my
comments on that. I drive those intersections. Every time we do a Midtown
survey, our survey team goes through every intersection twice, so I have a
pretty good pulse on what traffic's like on every intersection. We can cover
that neighborhood in less than two hours at Midtown. I'm just interested in
how well funded this is. I'm sort of pleased and shocked to understand that
the Planning Department is fully funded and fully staffed. That says loads
about other priorities. We'll get to that later in the evening, because a
shortage of resources will be coming up. A couple of quick things. This
program is probably going to push the large commercial trucks off of Bryant
onto Waverley between Embarcadero and University Avenue. I urge you to
look at that. If any parking is reduced in the permit area, I ask you—we can
look at August 1st—to reduce the 2,000 parking permit limit by the number
                                                                          Page 38 of 124
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 5/9/16
