                          TRANSCRIPT
the primary beneficiary and who really should be taking the primary
ownership for this. They never have and, over the years, have even not
been willing to keep up with providing bike racks. I think that's really bad. I
think we need to challenge the School District to do more, to have a greater
commitment to the program as a whole. I think a first good starting point
would be to have this presentation to the District and to really compare the
resources that the City puts into this and the volunteers put into this versus
what the District themselves put in. I think if we keep burying that reality
and afraid to confront it, we won't get their engagement like we should.
Council Member Wolbach, did you have one last thing that you wanted ...

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah. You just reminded of something else that
Council Member DuBois probably also remembers from the most recent City
School Liaison Committee meeting during which we heard about concerns,
especially at the high school, about bike security. At the middle schools—
that's a closed campus—they can lock up the bikes in the bike pens. At the
high schools, it's an open campus; students are free to leave for lunch or
whatever. I'm not sure what the security apparatuses are, whether there's
any—we were talking about this last week—surveillance. I don't know if
they have any CCTV recordings of the bike areas. We did hear from our
counterparts from the School District that fear of or experience with bike
theft may provide a damper on students desiring to bicycle to school, at the
high school level in particular.

Mayor Burt: Hopefully the District will do something to take care of that.
Thank you very much for a great report and a great program. I know that
we have had some really significant Staff losses through retirements and
people moving on. Sylvia, I know that you're carrying the load currently. I
think it's going to be very important for us as a City to continue to have the
commitment to have both the number of people and the outstanding people
that we have had resourcing this effort within our City Staff. I look forward
to the Finance Committee helping make sure in the budget review that we
continue to have the commitment we've had in the past. Council Member
Holman, did you have something final?

Council Member Holman: Just very quickly. I looked up the name of the
documentary, and it's called "The Slow Way Home." That's all, thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you all very much.




                                                                        Page 13 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
