                         TRANSCRIPT
fields of homeland security, emergency management, law enforcement and
fire, military and environmental health. Zach is an 18-year veteran of the
Palo Alto Police Department. He was born and raised in Palo Alto and
received his Bachelor of Arts (BA) from Stanford and is currently assigned as
our department's Public Affairs Manager. If you follow the department on
Twitter, you know him well. During the Online Residence Program, he
collaborated with Homeland Security officials across the nation on some
current policy, strategy and organizational design challenges. His thesis,
Becoming More than a Digital Bullhorn, Two-Way Engagement on Twitter for
Law Enforcement, was nominated for the outstanding thesis award. We
want to congratulate Zach for this and look forward to his continuing
services on behalf of the City of Palo Alto. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications for items not otherwise
on the Agenda. I have no speaker cards, so we'll move right forward.
Thank you, public, for allowing us to make up for lost time.

Minutes Approval

5.   Approval of Action Minutes for the March 21, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Our next items is Approval of Minutes from the March 21, 2016
Council meeting. Do we have a Motion to approve?

Council Member Berman: So moved.

Council Member Schmid: Second.

MOTION: Council Member Berman moved, seconded by Council Member
Schmid to approve the Action Minutes for the March 21, 2016 Council
Meeting.

Mayor Burt: Motion by Council Member Berman, second by Council Member
Schmid.   I see no lights.    Please vote on the board.   That passes
unanimously.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Consent Calendar

Mayor Burt: Our next item is the Consent Calendar, Items Six, Seven, Nine,
10 and 11. Do we have Motion to approve?
                                                                      Page 52 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/4/16
