                         TRANSCRIPT
do need to move to address them. Every community has a handful of these.
We'll try to do it sensitively, but we are doing more of this work. You are
likely to see these periodically on your calendar going forward.

Council Member Holman: I appreciate that. When I say a horror for
neighbors sometimes, albeit the subject property can have sensitivities
associated with it as I said. There are also sometimes—I'm thinking of—I'll
just say the one on College Terrace. We'll keep it general there. There's
safety issues. If there was a fire, you can't get good access. There are all
kinds of situations. I'm really glad that Code enforcement is starting to
move on some of these. There really are health and safety issues as well for
everybody involved, both the subject address and neighbors.

Mayor Burt: Let's see. Council Member Filseth, did you want to speak to
your second?

Council Member Filseth: Yeah, just briefly if I can ask another question.
Specifically on the Roosevelt Circle one, the owner is still there. Is an
assessment on the tax roll the most effective way to do this as opposed to
trying to attach the property or something like that?

Mr. Yang: I'm sorry. Could you repeat the question?

Council Member Filseth: Is an assessment on the tax roll the best way to do
this? For the Roosevelt Circle property.

Mr. Yang: Yes, I believe that is the most effective tool that we have. That's
a collection that's secured by the property.

Council Member Filseth: It is secured by the property?

Mr. Yang: Yes.

Mayor Burt: I see no more comments. Please vote on the board.               That
passes unanimously. That concludes Item No. 11.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs. I'm not
aware of any updates.




                                                                      Page 98 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
