                          TRANSCRIPT
potential for that, that could be quite soon. Again, it's something that you
can do now. It is something that does not exclude and, in fact, can help
create a platform for doing just what was talked about, moving to
electrification at the pace that you set. I just want to say thank you for your
work, for Gil Friend's work, for the support of City Manager Keene and for all
of you. I think the framework that's before you, particularly if you just bear
in mind the guiding principles, that we can move quickly. In the context of
our new political reality, I think it's all the more important that we take
seriously the power of the local mandate. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mark Mollineaux to be followed by Keith Bennett.

Mark Mollineaux: Hi there. Everything in this Plan is very good. It does
essentially everything right when working within certain assumptions, when
certain things aren't to be considered, when certain things are off the table.
When you look at what can be done without certain pain points being
addressed, it does a great job. It looks at some of the biggest things here.
65 percent of emissions are from road travel. It does some good things to
help that, such as reducing free parking. This would be a great thing. There
could be more direct things, perhaps more exotic like congestion pricing. I
really think if you want real wins and improvement in the environment, you
have to look more at land use policy. It's the father of all the other issues
that come from this. If you align the incentives with land use policy
correctly, you don't need to manually plan so much. You get a lot of things
automatically, a lot of things for free, and vice versa. If you continue to
have an incredibly inefficient use of natural resources such as land, such as
low-density single-family housing in most of the land of the City, you will
really struggle to claw back any savings at all. It's all uphill. I think the
document—it breaks down what each component will get you. The land use
policy proposed here is a target of 2.95 job to housing ratio. If you really
wanted to save the emissions, why not aim higher? Aim for a balanced
jobs/housing ratio. If you really want to help the environment, you have to
consider things like this. The target it has here will contribute to 1 percent
of the savings—that's from the report—compared to everything else it is.
That isn't that much. I think that you could have clawed back more of the
land use policy and adapted it to quite more savings.              I completely
understand when you touch that, it becomes very unpopular with
constituents. It's reasonable that it's off the table. I simply think that when
so much is off the table, you should at least consider it. I think it's a bit
disingenuous to say this is really doing the best thing to help as opposed to
helping a lot. It does good things. It's largely about making people feel like
it's a lot and not actually doing what they can. Looking more at some of the
structural problems. I have to say it again. Prop 13, you're not really going

                                                                       Page 29 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
