                          TRANSCRIPT
to obtain some of those updates and how we might better use some
different traffic applications available for smart phones and other means of
communication, just a beginning, but I'll give the Council a fuller report.
That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: We will now move onto Oral Communications. Our first
speaker is Ken Horowitz, to be followed by Pam Warrior. Welcome.

Ken Horowitz: Thank you. Ken Horowitz, I live on Homer Avenue. I'd just
like to give you an update of what's going on. You've heard me a number of
times talking about 755 Page Mill Road. It was a little over 2 years ago that
nearly 100 citizens and myself were here telling you about the closing of the
Page Mill Y. Today, I went to visit that site, Page Mill 755. I'm sad to say
that even though the owner, the manager of that particular site is devoting
some of that space—it was a 15,000-square-foot recreational center. He's
converted about a third of it to offices, and the remaining two-thirds is going
to be a fitness center, but it's going to be private. It's sad to say. The other
part I wanted to talk about, which I think Vice Mayor Scharff talked about, is
Planned Communities (PCs). That particular site, which was the corner of El
Camino and Page Mill Road, back in the late '70s was zoned for a Planned
Community. It was kind of interesting. They were given a huge amount of
space there for offices, administrative offices, etc., but at the same time
they were also going to provide some uses for the public. There was
supposed to be a restaurant there. There was also supposed to be a 300-
guest-room hotel at that particular site.          Of course, there was the
recreational center. Unfortunately, now the only thing left for a Planned
Community is the theater. That theater I know the Council saved it for a
couple of years, but that may not be something that will be longstanding.
The thing I get from all of that is that I think Planned Communities are
great, but they need to have more teeth associated with them and
enforcement, etc.     If there was more teeth put into them and more
enforcement, we'd probably have a hotel there. I know the Council talked
about that at last meeting, about the benefits of a hotel there. I also think
that the recreation center, which served for many, many years, since 1979,
would still be available to our residents. I thank you for your time. I
haven't given up hope, Manager Keene, that maybe someday that particular
recreation facility, which is a fitness center—unfortunately the owner said
that he's only going to lease it or allow the tenants of the building to use it.
I hope someday that he'll change his mind and open it up to the public.
Thank you for your time.

                                                                          Page 10 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
