                          TRANSCRIPT
significantly in the next decade. Those kinds of plants don't last forever, and
ours is on its last legs. We need to do major investment in rebuilding that
plant. We've been hearing about it as a community for a long while. We
aren't yet charging ourselves for it. We do basically now have a $950,000
surplus in the way the budget is for this year. Plus we have built up our
Budget Stabilization Reserve above the upper end of our range. As the City
Manager has stated, we've got several projects. The golf course hopefully
we'll be able to cover through other means. We have the Post Office and
other things.      I am comfortable with this year keeping that Budget
Stabilization Reserve temporarily above its range with an understanding that
the Post Office is coming up imminently, because we have had a tentative
acceptance of our proposal, but we don't know the details. As the City
Manager has said, there's several different options on how we would fund
this. I think we will have important uses for that excess Budget Stabilization
Reserve. There are two things that I'm going to want to support as
amendments to the Staff Report. One is the $50,000 discretionary fund for
HSRAP. The second is to continue our investment in the Section 115 fund
for unfunded pension liability. I would be comfortable with something in the
neighborhood of three-quarters of a million dollars, which would still leave a
surplus in this year's budget plus the excess Budget Stabilization Reserve. I
think those are the two areas that I'm most going to want to see
modifications to the Staff recommendation. Having said that, Vice Mayor
Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. First of all, I'll say that I agree with almost
everything the Mayor just said. I won't repeat those parts of it. I'm really
pleased that the Finance Committee decided to keep the BSR above the 18
1/2. I think the whole notion that the BSR is above that because we took
out the $4 million that we're going to have to spend next year is the key
point that the City Manager made. It's not real money, because what we've
really done is put it aside for next year. The other point that no one's made
is every year I've been on this Council, what's really happened is our City
Manager has come to us with budget amendments. Those have ranged—I
don't know what the number are. Lalo, what were they last year? They're a
couple million bucks. They're always lots of money, but we tend to get
higher revenues over the year. That's how this is tending to work. If we put
it all the way up, where we use up all the higher revenues, and we have the
budget amendments plus we have all that, I think we could be in trouble. I
also wanted to point out, that everyone else has pointed out, we do have a
lot of these—it's a lot of uncertainty. It's the golf course, the Post Office and
all this. It's also—generally every infrastructure project we look at seems to
be coming in over 30 percent more. We actually are very challenged in how
we're going to fulfill our promise to the voters, which is that Infrastructure
Plan we put together. I'd be very concerned about spending that money on
                                                                              Page 48 of 100
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
