                          TRANSCRIPT
Council member Wolbach: That means if we had an R-40 zoning and a
project came in proposing R-30 or R-40, that would then qualify for the
expedited?

Ms. Gitelman: As long as it met the other conditions in this Bill.

Council Member Wolbach: That also means that, as I understand, it would
have to abide by our Comprehensive Plan, our zoning maps and also any
specific or coordinated area plans. Is that correct?

Ms. Gitelman: That's correct.

Council Member Wolbach: I'm still not thrilled with the proposal. I do want
to hear from my colleagues. This is definitely something we're trying to
rush. That is unfortunate, but we do have to get something to Sacramento
for it to be considered. Again, just to loop back with the concerns that
Mr. Moss raised, which I think are worth addressing. As we've just heard
from Staff, this would not overrule our own ability to have our own zoning in
place. I think that is important to keep in mind.

Mayor Burt: We have a number of Council Members who wish to speak. Let
me just add another way that we might consider approaching it, just so that
everybody can think about it in their comments. This is something that the
Vice Mayor was just suggesting to me. We might want to merge the two
letters, so that we have a letter that opposes the legislation as proposed and
as part of the budget, and that we offer some recommended changes
without implying or stating that we would support the legislation if the
changes were made. Just a thought. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Perhaps the latter is the way to go. I
find, frankly, both of the letters—appreciate the drafting, because it's not an
easy thing to do. I find both of the letters are not addressing the range of
concerns. How I view this is, because it's a very complex proposal, it's a
multifaceted proposal. I think it's something with good intentions with the
potential of a contradictory outcome with relation to housing production. I'll
give a couple of examples. For instance,displaced persons. It talks—we
have this at places and in the other thing. If you look at Page 4 of one of
the attachments that we have, it talks about no net loss. Page 4, the first
bullet down, may not reduce the residential density on any parcel unless
remaining sites identified in the Housing Element are adequate to
accommodate Regional Housing Needs Assessment (RHNA). That supposes
that a property that is identified as a housing site is going to be developed in
a short period of time, that will pick up the people who are going to be
displaced. We have no control over that. Private property owners will
redevelop or develop when they so choose. We don't have any control over
                                                                            Page 39 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
