                          TRANSCRIPT
Research Park mindset. That could make sense as a default sort of thing.
This was one of the applications that I actually sat down with the Planning
Director and heard from the applicant also. We were having difficulties with
the fact that the 50-foot setback was there for all the reasons that Jonathan
was just talking about, not being able to identify the utility of it. That being
said, I don't think—I think if the Council is interested in sort of taking a
holistic kind of systems look at these sort of things that make sense. On the
other hand, I think if you were not able to do that, a case could be made
where this lot on the corner is distinctive. The fact that it really can't be
effectively redeveloped given its size and its shape with the existing setback
and it's definitely, regardless of one's view about architecture or anything,
which I think Mr. Popp indicated are discussions down the line, in need of
redevelopment at that location. We did feel that the fact that the 50-foot
setback had already been broken on the lot immediately adjacent to the
south in a sense sort of isolated this lot from the whole rest of the street. A
case could be made that on that particular corner a variance or a particular
zoning amendment could make sense if we weren't in a position to be able
to make the bigger decision for the long term about what the whole setback
ought to be along the way.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's a really good point you make, that the
setback was already broken in 1983. Therefore, this property sort of
becomes an island unto itself and, therefore, meets those variance criteria.

Mr. Keene: I would add to that, though, we wouldn't make the same case
on the property to the south of the lot that's already broken it, because
you're talking about not—in the case of this lot, it's a tiny, landlocked piece
between the existing thing and El Camino Real. I don't think that we would
automatically just make that same case if you had the lot just there to the
south. That said, the larger discussion about what the appropriate setback
is, is a sensible conversation also.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Holman:       Mayor?     Mr. Mayor, could I ask a procedural
question first?

Mayor Burt: Okay.

Council Member Holman: Is it possible please—I look to the Assistant
Director here—for the public to be informed and the Council be informed of
what the communication was between the applicant and the Assistant
Director? It'd be great to have all that in the public record.
                                                                         Page 34 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
