                          TRANSCRIPT
that a future that you want? I've heard people saying time and time in favor
of projects this is different from the other buildings on the street, and it's
supposed to be compatible, but we don't want a monotonous similarity. We
want some individuality here. It surprised me that anybody would want to
go to bigger. The word Manhattanization started maybe 50 years. Palo Alto
is Palo Alto. It is not Manhattan. Manhattan may be the forerunner of the
future and may be better and more beautiful, but it's not Palo Alto. I'm
particularly concerned with the fact that this is a new building. It's very
costly. It's a waste of a building that's already there. It doesn't have any
housing in it. This is building is saying here we are, we're larger and better.
Better, I'll grant that. We were kind of looking forward from the remarks of
one of the Council Members to having some housing in this part of Palo Alto.
I thought it was a good idea to put some housing in there. It seems to me
what they're saying is all the buildings that follow this, we're going to tear
down these ordinary, mediocre buildings and put up Manhattan. I just
happened to be reading a book about urban renewal. I'm looking at the
pictures where urban renewal has been successful.           The buildings are
beautiful, but they haven't really contributed to the sense of community.
They haven't really done anything except be beautiful. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tiffany Griego, to be followed
by Bob Moss.

Tiffany Griego: Good evening. My name is Tiffany Griego. I'm Managing
Director of the Stanford Research Park, here on behalf of Stanford
University. We are the lessor of the property; we are not the applicant; we
are not the developer. I wanted to clarify that. We have responded to
several questions over the last three years about this project. I wanted to
let you know I’m here tonight to answer any Research Park-wide questions
you may have. I'm here along with two members of my team. I want to
express that this is the exact kind of project we should be approving and
encouraging in the Stanford Research Park. In my view it reflects innovation
at every turn. It endeavors to modernize an obsolete facility without
growing. The design is truly innovative. It won accolades at ARB. They
haven't bragged, but it has already won multiple international awards. We
just need to build it. The project sets the new standard for development in
the Research Park. LEED Platinum, rooftop PVs, no natural gas hookup,
voluntary TDM program. This is what I want to see more of in the Research
Park.   The project complies with all 19 applicable Comp Plan policies
including L-42 and L-43 which favor transit, bike and ped improvements.
Without this project, the existing facility falls dramatically short from the
goals that we share, that are expressed in the Comp Plan. Undertaking
projects like this helps us continuously attract the kinds of tenants we want.
I am excited to welcome Machine Zone to the Research Park. I feel they
                                                                         Page 51 of 94
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/11/16
