                          TRANSCRIPT
project. That's good work. Also, some other good news coming out of what
else, the Public Works Department. Kudos to Public Works who completed
the road maintenance work on Embarcadero Road a week ahead of
schedule. That was maintenance and cleaning work that began on Monday,
November 28, between Emerson and El Camino and was expected to take
two weeks, but our crews finished it in time for the morning commute on
Friday, December 2nd. As you will recall, this was necessary to clean up and
deal with the dirty and unsightly problem coming from hundreds of pigeons
living in the I-beams underneath the Caltrain tracks. Due to continual
maintenance and cleanup costs, the Public Works Department installed bird
netting during the closure period to deter birds from roosting in the structure
in the future. Now is the season. Another reminder to prepare for winter
storms and flooding. Staff from the City's Public Works Department and
Office of Emergency Services will be hosting a sandbag day on Saturday,
December 17th, from 9:00 A.M. to noon in front of the City Municipal
Services Center that's at 3201 East Bayshore Road. The City's three
sandbag stations are stocked for use by our residents. For storm and flood
preparedness tips and storm-related web resources and phone numbers,
please visit cityofpaloalto.org/storms. We kicked off the holiday season with
the sixth annual Tree Lighting last weekend at Lytton Plaza. The Mayor was
on hand to start the festivities, which included carolers and a lot of fun
activities for kids and families. It was a nice way to start our holiday
season. Finally, adding to what was kind of an unpleasant weekend on a lot
of levels, we had some traffic problems last Thursday in town, which I know
the Council heard a lot about. First off, the day started with an accident
early in the morning involving a dump truck on Dumbarton Bridge, which
caused a haz mat incident, caused significant traffic delays throughout the
Bay Area including Palo Alto. Later in the day at 4:56 P.M., a truck traveling
eastbound on the Dumbarton Bridge broke down, became disabled and
generated an extensive traffic backup. Although the truck was moved in
less than an hour, traffic congestion throughout the Peninsula and Palo Alto
remained heavy until 8:30 P.M. Our 24-hour dispatch center received two
calls for service. Those were just reporting erratic driving behavior in the
area of the afternoon backup. We also received a couple of inquiries on
Twitter, asking about the source of delays. We got a lot of concerns about
why our Police Department wasn't out and looking at directing traffic. The
Chief and his team are doing a complete review. This is a time of day where
we have typically just about six folks on shift Citywide. I'm not making any
excuses. I'll give the Council a fuller report. We need to realize that
attempting to direct traffic in a regional traffic jam presents some
complications in our ability to be able to move traffic across different areas.
I'll give the Council a full report. We will also look to improvements that we
can make in the future. Something tells me this isn't the last traffic jam that
we're going to have in our region. As to channels that people can tune into
                                                                           Page 9 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
