                         TRANSCRIPT
education. You'll be pleased to know that our City is recognized as a leader
in public safety in this area and was honored with this chance to play a
leading role in demonstrating our commitments to education, outreach and
training. Other participants and guest speakers included State Senator Jerry
Hill, the California Public Utilities Commission, USA North 811 Call Center,
AT&T, the State Contractors Licensing Board, the State Fire Marshal and
various police and construction companies and other industry stakeholders.
Thanks to Ed and the team in Utilities. That's all I have to report.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have two speaker
cards. If anyone else has a speaker card, please bring it forward now. Our
first speaker is Sea Reddy, to be followed by Subhash Narang. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Mayor and citizens of Palo Alto and Council
Members. Today is a sad day as we note what happened yesterday in
Orlando. It's very cowardly to kill innocent people to make a statement or
to get in the news. I think the news media should take an opportunity to let
people talk, so they don't have to kill people to get in the news. It's a sad
day. My prayers are with the families of the 49 members that are—49
citizens or people that have passed away. It's a shame. I think it's also
cowardly to rape a woman on our near and dear Stanford campus and get
only six months. The judge, I don't know what he was thinking. I think six
years would have been appropriate. I think we need to condemn that.
Going on to the next subject. I congratulate Marc Berman and Vicki Veenker
that have gotten to the next level. They're quite qualified, prominent. I
wish them all the luck. I still suggest that Marc Berman take on the new
assignment to get elected and resign from this office here, so someone else
could be appointed from you or whatever the procedure is, so we can move
on with a new Council Member in training until the next election is done.
The fourth thing is we need to take this opportunity to get better
communication, better working relationship with Dr. H. Mindy [phonetic] and
Dr. Hennessey [phonetic] leaving in the next few months. It's good to have
a City that works well with another prominent neighbor. Thank you all.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We will now move on to Approval of Minutes. We
have Minutes from May 23rd and May 31st for approval.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Mayor Burt: Second. I'm sorry. I announced it, and then I skipped over
you. My apology. Subhash Narang. Welcome.
                                                                            Page 5 of 100
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                          Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
