                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Stapleton: In today's smart dock system, it would be $4 additional for
any trip 31 minutes to 60. The smart bike system would probably be priced
a little bit differently since it's a different model.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll save my comments on that for later. It's
somewhat addressed on Slide 15, but I did want to make sure I noted
correctly that it looks like on Slide 7 in the current planning, the north corner
of town—I'm talking true north. The north, east, and south corners of town
are completely excluded. Is that correct? There's nothing at the JCC to
Greer Park, along Fabian and certainly nothing on San Antonio or north of
101 in that commercial area? I just want to make sure I'm not missing
something.

Mr. Mello: This is a map that was developed by the consultant that was
hired by SamTrans for the study that I mentioned earlier. This map was
developed with the thought that you want to have a maximum spacing
between stations. We would have 35 stations. In order to have that
maximum spacing and focus on Cal. Ave. and Downtown, this is kind of
where it shook out. This is not intended to be the fixed boundary of the
Phase 1 system. This is just a guide to show us what—it's called a feasibility
analysis. Basically what size system would work in Palo Alto, and that's
what this map represents.

Council Member Wolbach: Remind me what it would take if we wanted to
see additional locations beyond the 35 added.

Mr. Mello: There's 350 bicycles. There doesn't have to be exactly ten
bicycles at each hub. We could have additional hubs with 350 bicycles. We
wouldn't want to go too far beyond 35 because you want to have a minimum
number of bikes per hub.

Council Member Wolbach: Got it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you guys very much for bringing us this. I
think if this works and lots of people use it and so forth, it would be
absolutely wicked cool. We've got the bike infrastructure under way for it.
All the pieces would come together. At risk of wallowing in Silicon Valley
jargon here, you've got technology risk and you've got market risk. The
technology here looks really cool to me. If you look at the previous
incarnation of what we have now, the results look like it was very successful
in San Francisco and much underutilized pretty much everywhere else down
the Peninsula and in San Jose. I look at that. We got 0.17 trips per day per
bike in the existing system. You read that and say for whatever reason, for
                                                                         Page 78 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
