                         TRANSCRIPT
We're proposing now in this yellow to extend that GF boundary down
towards Whole Foods, down towards south.

Council Member DuBois:     How does this compare to the boundary of the
Urgency Ordinance?

Ms. Eisberg: The Urgency Ordinance did not change the boundary. The
Urgency Ordinance is essentially what's in pink. Sorry. The Urgency
Ordinance applies Citywide. Any retail use that vacates would be replaced
by a retail use, so it didn't affect the GF boundary per se.

Council Member DuBois: Looking at this map, there's really no ground-floor
protection on Lytton at all.

Ms. Eisberg: No. The only proposal is up here at Cowper, where you have a
series of small retail uses currently. Lytton does have retail uses; they tend
to be sort of one-off, ground-floor, primarily ground-floor office uses.

Council Member DuBois: Where is the RT-35?

Ms. Eisberg: The Rt-35 is actually not shown on this map. There's a portion
of RT-50 that's closer to Alma. Much of this remaining area inside of the
green boundary here—I'm just looking at a zoning map in front of me—is R-
2. Between Emerson, High Street is mostly RT-35. This RT-50 zone here.
When we look at what's actually on the ground, the retail uses are primarily
in those districts within SOFA II.

Council Member DuBois: My last question is—I know we talked about
schools at the last meeting. Do we have a definition? What would qualify as
a school?

Mr. Lait: I think we do define schools. I could look that up here pretty
quickly. You're making the distinction between private schools and such or
is there something in particular you're looking for?

Council Member DuBois: Just how broad is it? Is it classes, is it tutoring,
PSAT testing centers?

Mr. Lait: We have private educational facility. The definition is a privately
owned school including schools owned and operated by religious
organizations, offering instruction in the several branches of learning and
study required to be taught in public schools by the Education Code of the
State of California.

Council Member DuBois: That's what you would consider a school. Would it
be like a place you could take painting lessons or something?
                                                                       Page 53 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
