                         TRANSCRIPT

PTC to make a recommendation on the projects evaluated against the
Guidelines using that scorecard we proposed. The Council can accept that
recommendation or basically make their own independent evaluation and
determination based on the ordinance's criteria. Earlier today I got some
questions from the Mayor about the pending projects. We did report in the
Staff Report that we're just over the 50,000 square foot limit if we're
predicting correctly what's going to happen on March 31st. Things are just a
little bit in flux still, but I wanted to show you list of what we have as
pending projects This really hasn't changed since September 21st of last
year when we considered adoption of the ordinance originally, except that
one project has been withdrawn that would have fallen into the priority
projects. There are currently five projects making their way towards the
March 31st date. Many of these still have to be considered by the ARB, so
something could happen. One them could fall off or get smaller and we
would be below the 50,000 square foot limit. Right now, it looks like we're
slightly over the limit. We have three projects that are in the category of
being priority projects that would be evaluated against each other. Those
three projects are shown here with double asterisks.        They would be
evaluated against each other. They don't total 50,000 square feet among
those, so the way it's looking, those three projects subject to your review
and approval would be approved.          The remaining two projects would
compete for the balance of the allocation in this year. Again, all this is
subject to change. If something happens at the ARB, if one of these
projects changes or something else happens between now and March 31st,
but that's what it looks like right now. That's my presentation. Of course,
we're looking forward to hearing public comment and your own, particularly
if yo9uo have any suggestions on the scorecard we put together. Be happy
to get those now. We're looking for your approval ultimately of these
Guidelines. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We only have one speaker card. If anyone else
wishes to speak to this subject, they need to come forward and fill out a
card. Why don't we go ahead and hear from the public at this time? Then
we'll come back for questions, comments and motions. Our first speaker is
Stephanie Munoz. Welcome.

Stephanie Munoz: Good evening, Mayor Burke and Council Members. It
seems to me that we are very fortunate in having as a member of this
Council a person who's on the staff of State Senator Jerry Hill. I believe that
what we need in order to further what you seem to want to do—I can only
agree that it's a great thing.      We need a reworking of the State's
understanding of density and the density bonus. The idea is a good idea.
                                                                         Page 50 of 91
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/8/16
