                          TRANSCRIPT
people living in our house. The issue of fairness is one of the most
important topics when it comes to the matter of zoning. That's why we so
often have topics of inverse condemnation and reciprocity of advantage
discussed in the courts. You cannot down-zone 202 houses while you are
limiting some way more than some others. When you want to rezone, you
should consider all the houses. All those that have special setbacks, those
that back to the creek and all those that have high voltage transmission
lines in their backyard. You should think of everyone. SSO established in
1992 mainly to protect neighborhoods that were already restricted to one
story by Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (CC&Rs).         Of all the
previous 13 SSOs that passed, only two didn't have CC&Rs. Instead, they
had significant support for SSO, way above the required threshold. In Royal
Manor, we don't have that significant support. It's only 63 percent. There
was evasion of basically ordinance by removing one house just arbitrarily
without respecting the boundaries. I think this is the wrong solution and it
should not pass.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Richard Willits.

Richard Willits: Good evening, Mr. Mayor and Councilmen. I speak in
support of the single story overlay. I'm honored to go after my two fellow
residents of the neighborhood. I want to mention something with regard to
process, which we've talked a lot about in the Planning and Transportation
Commission (PTC) discussion of this as well. As you all know, we've been
following as faithfully as we could the process as laid out by the City;
however, we have made some choices of our own that were part of the, if
you will, experience that we had from Palo Alto Eichler Association being
involved in two earlier SSOs. I must, and this is I think indicative of the
anxiety that you've heard in the discussions before me, mistakes were
made. Unfortunately this has had a difficult effect on our community.
However, I want to say as well about process, I think the process as it is is
fine. We will in future maintain our principle now of making sure that
everyone is as well educated about the proposition as possible before we
bring it to you. Hopefully that will avoid the contentious kind of evening that
we may have tonight. I think this is a lesson learned. We've also learned a
couple of other lessons with regard to SSOs and Eichler in the last year and
a half. We are part of a large, broad movement across the state to preserve
these houses. SSOs are being enacted across those groups even if they
already have Eichler guidelines. An SSO is an important way of preserving
the neighborhood and defending against tear-downs even while we may be
in the process of developing a better way for Palo Alto in the future to
ensure the maintenance of these classic homes. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Sidney Simon. Nancy Hancock. Welcome.
                                                                        Page 37 of 135
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/2/16
