                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Jeb Eddy, also speaking to
Number 5, to be followed by Vanessa Warheit.

Jeb Eddy, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Mayor Burt, thank
you for your bringing up the subject of electric bicycles. Some of you know
that I rode my electric bicycle into this room here several years ago. Larry
Klein was worried about dirtying the carpet.         I am a co-chair green
sanctuary committee of our Unitarian Church here in Palo Alto. I'm on the
Board. We just within the last 3 weeks or so signed a $1/3 million contract
to put solar panels on the parking lot of our church for distribution to the
City of Palo Alto. We are concerned that we would lose the possibility of the
CLEAN program. We would encourage you very much to—we're looking
forward to a discussion of it next Monday when you take it off the Agenda
tonight. Last item. I wonder how many people here have any experience
driving a sled dog team. I don't see any hands. I mention this because
many of you may have read the temperature in Fairbanks, Alaska, at the
start of this year's Iditarod was five degrees Fahrenheit above the long-term
average. They had to bring in snow by train to allow the dog sleds to start
the race. Let us not have that move south into our area here. Let's get the
Agenda up for public discussion where it deserves to be. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Vanessa Warheit on Item
Number 5, to be followed by Craig Lewis.

Vanessa Warheit, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: I'm another
voice encouraging you to pull the Palo Alto CLEAN item off the Consent
Calendar and to remind you that, as Bruce pointed out, that four percent is
actually a pretty small percentage. We are nowhere near getting to it. Palo
Alto CLEAN enables progress towards this goal. One of the intents of the
pilot is to—it's a pilot. It's only halfway there. If we kill it before it actually
has a chance to do what it's designed to do, we're not going to actually learn
much from it. I think we need to let the pilot do its job. We still, even once
it's done the way it should be done, have a long way to go. I'd also like to
point out like 44 percent of Palo Alto residents, I rent my house, which
means I can't put solar on my roof. Non-owner-occupied commercial
buildings are in a very similar position. They're totally disincentivized to put
solar on their roofs. Not only do I want you to not kill Palo Alto CLEAN, I
want you to seriously consider expanding to community solar using many of
the same mechanisms that you're going to learn from the pilot program, if
and when you allow it to actually do its thing. Again, Jeb mentioned the
Iditarod. I'd also like to put tonight's discussion in a little difference context.
Today the journal Nature Climate Change published a study about the actual
economic and social costs of rising CO2 emissions and the nearer term
possibility of passing tipping points in the Earth's climate system. The
                                                                           Page 34 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/21/16
