                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lew: The wall-mounted fixtures, almost all of them are situated low,
say like on the parapet, shining down onto the parking deck. You're not
going to see them if you're around any of the neighboring streets. You're
not going to be able to look up and see a pole-mounted fixture, as you
would normally on a roof deck.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that. Is there any other comments
you wanted to make about the project review or project concerns?

Mr. Lew: One more comment on the lighting. If you look at lighting levels
for automobile dealers, I've heard that it can be up to 30 foot candles.
Typically just for emergency lighting as required for buildings, we're looking
at usually one foot candle. They're proposal, I think, in the front was the
maximum of 10 foot candles. It's a lot less than the typical car dealer,
which is going to be in the 20-30 foot candles. They have lots of lighting
controls around the back. It's not like they're illuminating an entire site all
at a high level.

Council Member Holman: That's helpful. Thank you. It was kind of hard to
read.

Mr. Lew: I've never seen some of those ...

Council Member Holman: It's a complicated lighting sheets.

Mr. Lew: I've never seen lighting sheets quite like that before.

Council Member Holman: I hadn't either.

Mr. Lew: it was unusual. The Board did take four meetings to come to
consensus. I think the vote was 5-0, but I would say that there is still
concern amongst at least one or two of the Board Members that the building
is a larger scale than the neighbors. I think there's a sort of recognition that
there are setbacks, easements, and that the previous CS rezoning for the
hotel would have allowed a 50-foot high building. The neighboring ROLM
district has a lower, 35-foot height limit. They also do have the automobile
overlay, which would bump it up to 50 feet theoretically.

Council Member Holman: Thank you very much. Thank you for hanging in
and coming tonight.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Two of my four questions have been asked,
including the one on FAR. I had a question about the signage. It looked like

                                                                           Page 100 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
