                         TRANSCRIPT
ultimately some flexibility to adopt a hybrid of the scenarios at the end of
the day. We think of these scenarios as really bracketing possible outcomes,
giving the Council the ability to choose policies within those brackets. The
Council earlier this summer requested that we add two additional scenarios
to enhance that bracketing of possibilities in the future. The quantitative
parameters of these two new scenarios, which we're affectionately calling
Scenarios 5 and 6, were defined in May. We've provided those in your
packet. What we really want to focus on this evening are the qualitative or
policy parameters of the scenarios. We had embarked on this conversation
in June and then just ran out of time to get to the finish line. We talk about
in the Staff Report these policy parameters falling in a number of categories,
and we provided some recommendations for you in the form of some tables
with check boxes in them. The housing-related policies and programs are on
Page 283 of your Packet. The possible zoning amendments are on Page 286
of your Packet. Infrastructure investments are on Page 287, sustainability
measures on Page 288, and then a discussion of performance and mitigation
measures on 289 and the pages that follow. We can go through any of
these in whatever level of detail you like. These tables are not exhaustive,
as you see. They do provide some detail. I don't think they get down into
the weeds to the extent that we could with these. The idea again is simply
to provide enough policy parameters for these scenarios that we can do a
coherent analysis of their potential impacts and present those in the form of
a supplement to the EIR before moving forward. We're not intending that
any of the policy parameters we discuss tonight would be commitments of
the Council. They're merely just possibilities that could be analyzed for
further consideration later in the day. I have some slides just reviewing
what the original scenarios were and the new scenario. Let's review quickly.
Scenario 1, if you remember, is our equivalent of the no project alternative.
In this scenario, the Comprehensive Plan is not updated. This shows what
the future would like if we make no policy changes whatsoever. It's based
on an assumption that Association of Bay Area Government’s (ABAG's)
projections 2013 were correct for the job numbers and for the housing
numbers. We basically continue to add housing at the same rate we've been
doing so for the last 20 or so years. Scenario 2 is meant to depict and test
this idea of slowing job growth. It also has a housing growth consistent with
our historical growth pattern. The focus on housing units, though, is on
smaller units. There are some policy parameters introduced to this kind of
slow growth scenario. Scenario 3 also has some ideas about slowing the
growth of jobs, in this case using an annual limit like the one we have in
place on an interim basis. It eliminates some housing sites in the southern
part of Palo Alto and instead increases densities Downtown and in the
California Avenue area. It starts to introduce some infrastructure ideas in
addition to what's in the Infrastructure Plan, specifically grade-separating
Caltrain. Scenario 4 is the largest growth scenario that was included in the
                                                                        Page 20 of 92
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 8/29/16
