                          TRANSCRIPT
Winter Dellenbach: I would like to identify with what Jeff just said. Thank
you, Staff. I fully support your recommendations on 100 Addison. I
enjoyed your quote in the paper, Jim. It was a very lawyerly quote
regarding the operation and the permit quote. I shop at Pet Food Depot all
the time; it's where everybody in my neck of the woods gets their pet food.
It certainly is a store. I really plead with you to keep a very, very strong
retail Ordinance over, at this point, the whole City. I don't hear a lot about
El Camino, south Palo Alto and El Camino. There are a number of individuals
that have been actively involved for the past year, literally fighting to keep
retail there. There are many building owners that are trying legal and illegal
work-arounds to get rid of retail and convert it to all kinds of other uses,
warehouse use, office use, wholesale distribution uses, some of which is
known by Staff and Code Enforcement, some of which they don't know about
yet at this point. Certainly if south El Camino is not protected, the residents
in Ventura and Barron Park won't have a lot of services that they have.
They have already lost some of what is there. It's very important that we
have strong retail protection. I have some suggestions for some things to
do. If you're going to have strong retail protection, you have to have strong
and effective Code enforcement. I suspect that Code enforcement needs
more staffing. There has to be more funding for that staffing. One of the
things that is happening in more and more ground-floor retail is the windows
are covered up. You can't see in, and you don't know what's going on there.
There should be some way to uncover those windows, so that there isn't the
opportunity for the kinds of work-arounds that are going on so people can't
see them. It bothers me that there's a loophole that you can take a retail
space, convert most of it to office, and have some window dressing of a little
bit of retail in a little section of it. I know that that's legal now, but we have
examples of that in El Camino and south Palo Alto where there's a tiny little
bit of a retail olive oil sales going up front and the rest of it is just a real
estate office. It's just really too bad. Please keep a strong retail protection
in this market. A huge amount will be lost without you staying the course.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
Boyd Smith. You're going off of what's posted. I was looking at the cards in
front of me. We'll try and reconcile those. Sorry.

Herb Borock: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. The first
speaker said that he wanted to have something that would be compatible
with the residential properties behind him. You have in the Staff Report a
copy of the zoning district map for the area, but you don't have something
that shows the uses. In those blocks, it's essentially residential uses. The
ordinance allows a project that has at least one-third of the total square
footage in multiple family uses to see if it's possible to make the finding of
hardship. I believe the best way to have something compatible with those
                                                                          Page 60 of 105
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 08/22/16
