                          TRANSCRIPT
was a Cool Block program or not, we would be talking about separate from
this. I don't see this as any special hook that gets us to give some
distinctive emphasis to this approach as part of our Sustainability Climate
Action Plan.

Ms. Slater: Do you want me to answer?

Mayor Burt: Sure, if you have something.

Ms. Slater: For the other questions in terms of the City Staff time and
resources, I've already reached out to my friends, family, everybody saying,
"Who would be a good block leader?" I already have a list of, I think, 80 or
so potential block leaders. That's not going to take any Staff time other
than to say yeah, maybe we can sort of talk about which ones in which
neighborhoods. The second thing is I've also already gone through all the
City programs from your website and consolidated those and put them next
to the actions. I've done a lot of the work. I am the staff person who is
going to be doing a lot of this work. It's really on me with help from City
Manager and some of the department heads. I've talked to Bruce Lush
[phonetic] and he's eager to have his program so that people can be actually
doing what he's trying to get them to do. I don't see that there's a whole lot
of (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: May I follow-up on that? I think that's an extremely important
point. There's a danger that we look at this about what is this foreign agent
program going to impact us as a City. The truth is it also works the other
way. We have all kinds of initiatives and programs that are worthwhile. We
have rebates and all of those sorts of things that we advertise stuff through
the utility mailers. If we've got another channel to reach out to our
community to deliver on our programs, I don't even see that as something
that's really for the Cool Block program; it's on behalf of what we're trying to
accomplish as a City.

Mayor Burt: I'll just offer a brief comment. If we are clear that what we are
committing to right now is the pilot and not what may follow on in some
other policy decision after the pilot, then I think we are spending a lot of
time splitting hairs on what is truly a pilot program. Thirty blocks out of
6,000 or so. We've had several different Council discussions on this, and I'm
not quite sure why we want to just beat this to death so many times. Let's
just get clarity and ...

Mr. Keene: Shoot for a 9:00 ending.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff, thanks for giving me the floor a moment.

                                                                          Page 55 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
