                           TRANSCRIPT
Liberties Union (ACLU) recommendations in Attachment A. Second, the
International Association of Chiefs of Police recommendations that I
mentioned before in Attachment B. Also worth noting is—we didn't include
as an attachment—the draft ordinance currently being considered by the
Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors which is working in parallel to this.
I'll watch with interest when it unfolds at the Policy and Services Committee
and look forward to recommendations coming back to full Council once
there's been considered and thoughtful input from Staff and the community.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Unless anybody has a burning question, we'll go
ahead and let members of the public speak. Our first speaker is Adam
Schwartz, to be followed by Brian Hofer. Each speaker has up to three
minutes to speak. Thank you.

Adam Schwartz: Good evening. I'm Adam Schwartz. I'm a resident of Palo
Alto; I've got two kids going to Jordan Middle School. I'm also a lawyer at
the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). The EFF is a nonprofit group that
tries to ensure civil liberties in the new digital frontier. The technologies that
are changing our lives, obviously they can do a lot of good. They can make
our government more accountable; they can make it more efficient.
Sometimes these technologies can diminish our privacy and our civil liberties
and even chill our free speech. Every time one of these technologies comes
up, these new, powerful surveillance technologies, there is a thicket of
complicated questions, including what are their costs and benefits and
should they even be adopted and, if so, who will the targets be, and what
are the privacy rules going to be. It's the view of the EFF that these are
decisions that ought to be made at the top. These are decisions that should
be made in consultation or with an opportunity for input from the general
public. We think we get better decisions when all of the stakeholders have
an opportunity to be heard. The idea here really builds upon two statutes
that were enacted this past year in Sacramento, that apply to all police
agencies in the entire state, which say that if police want to adopt automatic
license plate readers or stingrays, when doing so they need to first get
approval from elected officials. They need to at the front end adopt a set of
privacy and usage rules that all members of the community will have an
opportunity to observe and comment on before they're adopted. What the
idea, I think, here says in this bill is that it shouldn't just be these two
particular technologies, the stingrays and the license plate readers. There
ought to be an across-the-board approach that says all of these new
emerging technologies should go through the same kind of process. Without
trust between community and police, there can't be public safety. We think
that this kind of policy will do a great deal to advance trust. Finally, EFF,
ACLU, other groups that are here tonight would be very happy to meet with
City officials to assist in this process of crafting appropriate legislation in the
                                                                            Page 54 of 67
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 4/25/16
