                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: And then the sustainability language? Why don't we just say—
put a period after what Vice Mayor Scharff said, and then say that both
scenarios would include the Staff recommended Sustainability and Climate
Action elements. Does that capture it well enough?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That works for me.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion after “two variations of
Scenario Number 5,” “including a performance based approach with policies
and mitigation measures to limit the impacts of growth and other quality of
life issues. Both Scenarios would include Staff recommended Sustainability
and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP) elements.”

Mayor Burt: Did you want to speak?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah. I think this basically addresses the concerns that
the public raised without going so high that we actually couldn't get decent
information from it. I think it's a mistake to go above 6,000 units. I think
Staff would have a hard time doing it without Council direction that we're
actually going to really change things, i.e., the height cap and things like
that. I think 6,000 units is the right number. To put it in perspective, as I
said, we have traditionally over the last 25, 30 years built 1,000 units every
7 years, so that's—in 15 years that's 2,000. This would be three times what
we have built over the last 30 years. I think that's a significant increase. To
think it's not a significant increase is really untrue. I think this is a good
approach, and I hope we move forward on it.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry; I just caught something. I don't think this is the
language we meant. It says with policies and mitigation measures to limit
the amount of growth. It's limit the impacts of growth.

Vice Mayor Scharff: To address the impacts of growth.

Mayor Burt: I think it's limit. One of the other things I realized we don't
have anything in here is driving this to the smaller units. We have alluded
to it. It was part of the performance-based development requirements. Let
me ...

Council Member DuBois: I actually like your idea of having a second ...

Mayor Burt: Pardon me?

Council Member DuBois: I actually liked your original idea of splitting it into
a separate motion.

                                                                       Page 106 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
