                          TRANSCRIPT
item that the Council very well will like to take up but not in any urgent way,
and there would be time to bring it back when it's more convenient on the
calendar. The Council could discuss whether it wants a straightforward ban
or whether it wants some other type of regulation on both cultivation and
delivery and could consider referring that to a Committee for further work.
The State anticipates putting its regulatory regime in place by January 1st,
2018, so that does give Palo Alto quite a bit of time, assuming that the
current trigger is removed by the Governor's signature later this week. The
Council could take this up at a later time. My suggestion for tonight, Council
of course could review the item, and you could take it up tonight. If you
wish to conserve your time and see what happens at the State level, I could
work with the Clerk, and we could see what happens with the Governor. If
he does not sign this bill, then we would bring this back to you on one of the
next two Agendas, because it would be important for the Council to have the
opportunity to take action and preserve local land use authority on
cultivation. If he does sign it as expected, then I think we would work as a
Staff to identify an appropriate time which might be several months out to
bring the item back for a substantive discussion.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We have three members of the public who wish to
speak to this. Hopefully they will have understood the context that the City
Attorney just delivered. Each speaker will have up to two minutes to speak.
Our first speaker is Scott Dunlap, to be followed by Herb Borock.

Public Hearing opened at 10:00 P.M.

Scott Dunlap: Thank you, City Council Members, for giving me some time to
speak. My name is Scott Dunlap; I'm a 20-year resident here in the Bay
Area. I'm also an executive for Eaze which is a company that does medical
marijuana delivery to patients in 100 cities here in California as well as Palo
Alto. I pulled up some statistics so that you would know. I think this is the
33rd city council meeting I've been to thanks to the League of Cities and
that March 1st deadline. I know you guys are under some pressure. It's a
rare occasion that as a Silicon Valley guy I get to come up and share some
data to help. I'm specifically addressing the delivery part of it. Cultivation,
dispensaries, I totally understand if you want to lock those down. There are
currently 2,291 patients in the Palo Alto area that we serve doing deliveries
largely for chronic pain, anxiety, seizures and other palliative care as well.
Many of them don't have access to cars or can't use cars, and so depend on
a delivery service in order to get their prescribed medicine. It's very safe
doing delivery. Matter of fact that's why we started the company. We knew
that delivery could be safer than a dispensary. In the 11,605 transactions
we have done September, we have had zero crime related issues. Matter of
fact, in the 300,000 transactions we've done in 100 cities, we've only had
                                                                        Page 71 of 125
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/1/16
