                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman:        One thing that jumped out to me—I can't
remember which page it was on now—was methods that people like to reach
out and provide feedback to the City or log complaints.         311 wasn't
mentioned in the data you called out. I saw in the kind of tabs in the back
of the report that it was 3 percent of people used 311 to log a complaint
with the City or an issue, which seems to be something that we could work
on a little bit.

Ms. Richardson: Correct. You're talking about Slide 24. What I did was
point out the higher ones, and then I commented about some of the other
things that we're doing and that maybe we need to market those a little bit
more, talk to people about what would get them to use these other
methods. The phone app, also.

Council Member Berman: That's 311, exactly, the phone app. There's a lot
of opportunity there. One quick point about page, I think it was 8 of the
executive summary, I guess you'd call it, of the National Citizen Survey.
What really jumped out to me, you've got the Palo Alto ratings compared to
benchmarked communities, much higher, higher, lower and much lower.
Obviously the areas in the lower section, ease of public parking, travel,
traffic flow, those are important issues and issues that we've been working
on a lot in the last couple of years. I think we'll see some gains made, I
hope, over the next couple of years. It was the section below that that
really jumped out to me, the much lower section which was availability of
affordable, quality housing, cost of living in Palo Alto, which is directly
addressed to housing, variety of housing options where we're much lower
than surrounding communities. I think that's an important area that I hope
we'll be talking about a lot more in the upcoming year.

Ms. Richardson: Correct. Just for clarification, if they're similar, they're
within 10 percentage points of our rating. If they're higher or lower, it's
between 10 and 20. If they're much higher or much lower, it means there's
more than a 20-point difference in how other cities rate their questions
compared to how we rated them.

Council Member Berman: That's pretty striking.

James Keene, City Manager: I just want to add. We're not benchmarking
ourselves just to other communities in the area. This is on a national basis
of all of the cities. It's quite affected by the difference in cost of living and
issues around the whole country. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.


                                                                           Page 16 of 86
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 01/30/16
