                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: You saw the Transportation Element draft from the CAC
earlier this month. I think we continued it to September 19th. You'll have
an opportunity in that context to speak to that policy.

Council Member Holman: Right now we're looking at the EIR scenarios. In
the Transportation Element, but should we make a more general comment
about it here and a more specific comment about it here? Will it be swept if
directed?

Ms. Gitelman: It's really a policy issue that we would deal with in the Plan
itself. At this point, we're long down the road on the significance thresholds
that the Council adopted and that we've applied in the EIR. There's not an
opportunity to really change those in this EIR analysis. When you get the
Transportation Element, you could talk about a policy related to that issue.

Council Member Holman: It seems to me we ought to be looking at—if we
are going to lower the LOS threshold, then we ought to be looking at it in
the analysis and not just in the Transportation Element as a policy. We'll
come back to that. I've always been troubled by this, and I don't think I'm
going to get a different answer because we have different opinions. I've
always been troubled about this mix and match thing in the EIRs. I've never
encountered it before. I just don't know how it's workable, how you can
pluck one thing from here and pluck something from someplace else. I just
don't see how that's going to work and we're going to end up with accurate
analysis in the end.     I've asked that question before and made that
comment before. I'll just let it stand.

Ms. Gitelman: I appreciate that comment. We are trying something that is
challenging here. In an effort to preserve our flexibility and not have to wait
until the end, until we have the CAC work done and the Council work done
on the general plan to start the EIR process, because an EIR process is a 12-
18-month process at the best of times. We're trying to work in parallel here
and do our best to bookend the impacts. We're going to have to analyze
whatever the preferred alternative is at the end of the day and make sure
we did a good enough job.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I hadn't heard the idea of closing off
Churchill before. That's actually a really interesting idea. It sounds like
something we should consider. I always take Alma or Oregon. As I was
thinking about it, I want to suggest a framework for thinking about the Vice
Mayor's suggestion on this. My recollection of how we started this was the
same as Council Member DuBois'. We said there's a lot of stuff to like
Scenario 4 on the sustainability front. The fact is the thing that we're
                                                                         Page 48 of 92
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/29/16
