                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: That's what I'm saying. It's not in the monitored area, right?

Council Member Schmid: Right.

Mayor Burt: That leaves 1.4 million square feet as all that we're talking
about doing in the non-monitored areas. That's actually less job growth in
the monitored areas than what has occurred in the last 20 years. Not more,
less. You can't compare apples to oranges on that. You can't say that you
want to propose 6,000-whatever jobs in the monitored and non-monitored
areas combined going forward, and you say that we should only have that
because that's all we've done over the last 20 years, but that was only in the
monitored areas. That's a false comparison.

Council Member Schmid: I've said that the monitored areas have a 15-year
growth rate of about 52,000, and this 6,200 includes about 65. It is 30
percent higher than the monitored areas.

Mayor Burt: You're saying going forward in the monitored?

Council Member Schmid: In the City, yes. It's a historical number that is
fairly generous. Check the history.

Mayor Burt: You're saying your proposal is comparing monitored area to
monitored area?

Council Member Schmid: No. This is for the future of the City.

Mayor Burt: I won't accept it.

Council Member Schmid: Anyone else interested in seconding it?

Council Member DuBois: Can I ask a question? What I heard you say was
you took the monitored area and then you inflated it by an additional 30
percent.

Council Member Schmid: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: If we're just testing bounds, I don't know.

Council Member Schmid: That actually goes from 1989 to 2014.

Council Member DuBois: On housing we're doing three times what we've
ever done, which seems pretty aggressive as well. I would second it just to
see what colleagues think.



                                                                      Page 112 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
