                          TRANSCRIPT
Park; second, the Edgewood Plaza area; third, the Southgate; and fourth,
Evergreen Park neighborhoods. Welcome. Josh, are you kicking off? Who's
kicking off?

Sue-Ellen Atkinson, Interim Transportation Manager: I have the honor of
doing that now. Mr. Mayor, Council Members, thanks for having us here
tonight. I'm Sue-Ellen Atkinson; I'm the Interim Transportation Planning
Manager. Tonight we'll be talking about the process for requesting a new
RPP district as it pertains to the petitions that we'll be reviewing tonight from
Edgewood Plaza, a portion of Crescent Park, Southgate and Evergreen Park;
and then the resource impact and timeline for a potential RPP program. Just
taking a step back regarding what drives residents to request an RPP
program. Some aspects and suggestions that we've heard include the
residents are having a increasing difficulty in finding parking in their
neighborhood; they're seeing congestion in terms of vehicles and parking;
there are complaints about loitering and noise; and reported difficulty
passing on narrow streets. Those are just some comments that we hear
that drive people to request an RPP petition and submit. However, an RPP
petition and an RPP program is not a magic remedy for parking issues in
Palo Alto. There are pros and cons to implementing an RPP program. In
terms of the pros, it can improve the quality of life for residents by making it
easier to find parking because there are additional empty spots on the
streets. That in turn can lead to less traffic and less congestion if you don't
have people who are driving really slowly looking for that elusive parking
space, etc. Some of the cons that speak against an RPP program are that all
cars need permits including residents. That's something that we've heard
from residents in existing RPP programs including College Terrace and the
Downtown RPP district. They don't wish to buy a permit. If you do want an
RPP program, all vehicles that are parking on the street need to have a
permit. There's also no cookie cutter program that fits all. We're not able to
lift a program from one area of Palo Alto and have it fit directly into another
neighborhood. As we can see, the College Terrace program is quite different
from what's in place in the Downtown area. There's that consideration. Also
an RPP program does limit the public use of public rights-of-way, so it does
in some way privatize the public streets. That's also a consideration to take
into account. There are also options that are available either in lieu of or in
addition to an RPP program, that can be considered. RPP may not be the
perfect solution for all parking issues.          Some other options include
engineering solutions such as red curb; you can't park where there's a red
curb. That increase the availability of yield pockets on narrow streets.
Implementing time limits, so time restrictions where people are not able to
park. Other engineering solutions. There are also Transportation Demand
Management strategies that work to get people out of their cars. If people
are not driving, then they don't need a parking space. There's also parking
                                                                         Page 65 of 124
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/9/16
