                         TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Is this something you're looking to put in a Motion or is
this something that the City might do anyway? I'm just not sure what
you're looking for us to do on that.

Mr. Perez: I believe the City Manager's intent is that he would do it within
his own budget allotment. The idea is to help promote this.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just couldn't remember. We don't need it in a Motion
then?

Mr. Perez: No. It was just a notation for you to know that the City Manager
is also considering other ways to assist.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Before continuing, I just want to let members of the public
know that we have a large number of speaker cards. We'll probably be
having each speaker have up to two minutes to speak. If you want to craft
your comments around that, I wanted to give you forewarning. Council
Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: A quick question on the Ordinance. On Packet
Page 337 there's a section on exemptions. It says school districts are
exempt. Is that correct in what you're proposing? Maybe you could give
some reason behind that. Page 3 of the Ordinance, Packet Page 337.

Ms. Silver: That was previously in the Ordinance that the Council adopted.
That Ordinance does carry forward. There's a distinction there between
school district employees who are doing school-related functions and then
school district employees who may be doing work that is not related to the
school district.

Council Member Schmid:         Is that included in the Cities Association
recommendation?

Ms. Silver: I don't recall if it's in the City Association.   I believe it is in
Sunnyvale and Mountain View's, but I can verify.

Council Member Schmid: That's helpful. The next paragraph talks about
waiver through collective bargaining. This article may be waived in a bona
fide collective bargaining agreement. What does that mean?

Ms. Silver:   That is also an exception that does appear in the City
Association Ordinance as well as Sunnyvale and Mountain View's Ordinance.
If an employer has a collective bargaining agreement, a union agreement,

                                                                        Page 69 of 100
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/26/16
