                         TRANSCRIPT
when you're dealing with restaurants is they're a unique hybrid business,
where kitchen employees, dishwashers, prep cooks, line cooks are typically
paid $15, $16, $17, $18 an hour already. Whereas, dining room staff are
paid minimum wage plus tips. In my restaurants, that's typically $40 to $65
an hour they make. When you enact a raise in minimum wage, none of that
goes to the least paid people in the business. Those people are already over
the minimum wage. The only people that receive raises in that situation are
the dining room staff that are already making $75,000, $80,000, $90,000 a
year. While you're attempting to do something beneficial, you're actually,
unintended consequences, punishing the least paid people in the business.
There will be no raise for them. Any raises that we have available for them
are now given to people that are already making too much money or more
money. What we'd like to ask is that the Council take all of the information
into effect. It's my understanding that the Council's responsibility is to
represent all of the constituencies and make informed decisions about how
these changes that they're voting for may impact everybody. It's clear
without that study there's an uninformed decision that's going to be made.
We're just asking to take some time, make a study, understand the impacts
that's going to have on the businesses and on Palo Alto as a community
before you take a vote to increase wages for, in restaurant cases, people
that may actually not benefit from them. Thanks very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Alice Smith to be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Alice Smith: I'm glad I have an opportunity to talk about wages in Palo Alto
where there are many people who are underpaid. The first thing is I'm
totally against tips. I want you to know that I lived in Europe for 22 years.
Tips have gone out. You pay a living wage, and everybody gets taxed on
their living wage unless your name is Donald Trump. The first thing I want
is to urge you to do something different. Think outside the box. What I'd
like you to do is to make certain that everybody who works in Palo Alto has
a living wage. $15 an hour is not a living wage; however, I'm perfect willing
to have it be gradual. I'd like to have everybody have $15 by 1/1/18, just
like some of our sister cities. The second thing I want to do is to make sure
that there are no exceptions. Learners, what makes a learner any less
important than somebody who's worked for two years or three years? Third,
I listened as I drove here from my other meeting. I apologize for my
appearance. I don't understand the Staff Report. I want to make sure that
the City leaders here stand up for what's important for the people who work
here. The people who work here are just as important as the people who
own businesses here. Thank you very much, and I certainly hope that you
will have a living wage soon and certainly a minimum wage and the sooner
the better.

                                                                      Page 81 of 100
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/26/16
