                          TRANSCRIPT
income as well as retail and personal services. Let me suggest that we take
it and run with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Parts C and F, “low income
workers as well as” before “retail and personal service.”

Council Member Wolbach: If I might. I would actually be determining how
many permits be sold for employees. I would actually suggest that "C" just
be for employee. As part of the stakeholder process, we figure out how
many of those are office, how many are retail, etc.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I just wanted to comment very briefly on Bullet D
which has Crescent Park. I concur with the Vice Mayor's original suggestion.
The simplest and clearest way to do it is to annex that street into the
Downtown plan. We've done a good job of confusing everybody on these
things. That's probably the best way for that group to get what they want.
If the only reason to try for a separate RPP is to go from a small number of
nonresident permits to zero nonresident permits, I'm not persuaded that's a
good reason. If it comes back to Council, I'm not inclined to support it.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid as our last speaker.

Council Member Schmid: I move the Motion.

Mayor Burt: You don't need to; you're the last speaker.

MOTION RESTATED:          Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Berman to:

A.   Direct the Finance Committee to identify a budget allocation for
     implementation of Residential Preferential Parking Programs (RPP) for
     the Southgate and Evergreen Park Neighborhoods and attempt to align
     deployment of both RPP programs; and

B.   Implement an RPP in the Southgate neighborhood through a
     stakeholder process including looking at engineering, enforcement,
     and Transportation Demand Management (TDM) solutions with Palo
     Alto Unified School District (PAUSD) where appropriate; and


                                                                    Page 123 of 124
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/9/16
