                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I guess I'm still confused. When we talk about a 1.7
Citywide, are we excluding the hospital area? I thought we were.

Ms. Gitelman: Yes, we're proposing to exclude the hospital area.

Vice Mayor Scharff: It would be the entire City excluding the hospital area.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: But everywhere else.

Ms. Gitelman: Correct.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I would support that, the way that is drafted. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I was about to say succinctly for once that I actually
agreed with what the Vice Mayor just said. When we get to the 1.7, rather
than go on about it tonight, when it comes back to us I'd like far more clarity
on it. I thought I really had it nailed the first time, and now it's feeling much
more muddled than it did before. I would say as far as the Stanford
Research Park, unless I’m mistaken, that's just one owner. One owner can
impose a transportation demand management plan far more than we ever
can in the Downtown. I feel pretty comfortable that, given any kind of
parameter, that particular area will be able to police itself very well as
Stanford University does on a regular basis. The hospital, I'm not sure how
much more the hospital can expand, but it's interesting that we're saying
we're not limiting it. That's a lot of square footage there, and that was a
long time coming before it was ever approved. Long before Marc and I sat
here. I'd be interested also in hearing some more background on why no
limitation there whatsoever. Those would be my comments. As I said, most
of mine I would associate with what Greg Scharff said, but I'd like to revisit
that 1.7 at some point, because my understanding was still that that was
based on the original study from the late '80s. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I think I'm actually fairly closely aligned
with Council Member Kniss on this one. The intent of the cap—we are
talking about two different ones here—is because of the impacts, primarily
traffic, parking, pollution and potentially housing demand. Those things are
Citywide things. Taking a Citywide approach to that makes a lot of sense as
opposed to slicing and dicing, this part here and that part there. I'm not and
maybe none of us are persuaded that 100 percent mitigation of these things

                                                                         Page 74 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
