                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: When the Council went through on some of these cases and
added very specific language, then we wanted our advisory bodies to review
that. If they had a difference with that language, we'd want to see that they
had a difference, not that our language disappeared. We're trying to figure
out what happened to our language. We see there's, but we don't see ours
and why. I don't have the answers to whether the changes in Number 2
really change the substance. We should probably be looking over that
quickly. On Number 5, there is a slight wording difference that seems well-
intended but changes the meaning. It basically says amongst other things it
went from what I spoke about, which was plant selections that would be
regionally indigenous and we now have California natives. California natives
include Southern California desert. We literally plant a lot of those as
drought-tolerant plants, and they're not part of our Central Coast ecosystem
at all. We have North Coast redwood forests and High Sierra plants and all
that. That's not what was discussed. It got changed, and that's a real
substantive change there. When we get to a Motion, I'm going to want to go
back. I have some proposed wording there. I haven't sorted through
whether the changes to Number 2 matter. They weren't really my changes.
Others who were involved in those at the Council level may want to
scrutinize that as we try to wrap this up. I will say when we have things
explicitly in a Motion and it's changed, we want to see that transparently. It
doesn't mean we'll disagree with the changes, just we need to see it real
clearly. This is a public hearing, so I'm opening the public hearing, but I
don't see any speaker cards. We'll now close the public hearing.

Public Hearing opened and closed without public comment at 11:38 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Now we can return to Council Members for comments and
Motion. I want to recognize Council Member DuBois, because he was first in
line to attempt to address a Motion.

Council Member DuBois: That's okay. If other people have changes, I'll let
somebody else make a Motion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Now I'm very confused. I'm actually going to go
back to my earlier question. Looking at Page 305 in the Packet at the top,
that's the proposed Ordinance in front of us, before us tonight. 2C, you said
that wasn't added. That wasn't added since the old version of ARB Findings
or that wasn't added since the last time we saw it?

Ms. French: This version, Attachment A, the proposed Ordinance, has
everything underlined as to what's been run through the mill of the ARB,
Planning Commission and Council with the exception of some of those
                                                                       Page 93 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
