                          TRANSCRIPT
misleading information, false statistics, through pressure tactics, and 19
houses have revoked these signatures. Let's look at some of the issues in
the application. There was a false promise of a ballot. The first flyer say,
"What is the process to establish single story overlay? The City will send
postcards to all effected homeowners asking if they support or oppose the
single story overlay. If someone doesn't return their card, it will be counted
a no vote." This specific question was removed from the updated FAQ;
however, the updated FAQ was not circulated to every household. Here is
under misleading issue. The application misled with false claims that future
house values are not affected by SSO. We will look at that in more detail
later. Most experts and realtors agree that house values wouldn't grow as
fast in SSO, especially if you can't build basements. The statistics which
were shared with neighbors to prove house values are not affected and
included in the application packet did not account for lot size or flood zone or
individual lot restrictions. The misinformation also spread in the social
media. Here is first quote. It says, "If you build a one-story home, you can
have as large a floor area as if you built a two-story house with more usable
space because you won't need a staircase." Another misleading quote, "A
7,000-square-foot lot allows a one-story home of 2,850 square feet." Now,
let's verify these claims against our Royal Manor lots. Here is one example.
This lot at the corner of Stockton and Loma Verde has 24-feet easements,
16-feet easement on the other side. Before SSO, you can build 2,900-
square-foot house. After SSO, you can only build 1,900-square-foot house.
The real question we want to ask is do we have details of all easements and
setbacks in the Royal Manor. The City parcel report when we investigated
did not show the PG&E transmission line easements. We checked with the
City Planning Office and City Utilities, and they do not have details about
PG&E transmission line easements.           Individual property title reports,
however, do have details about these PG&E easements. Bottom line is when
we made this decision, we did not have all these details for easements and
setbacks and restrictions for every house in Royal Manor. This is the original
Royal Manor tract map we pulled from one of the title reports. We haven't
marked every single easement and restriction, but we just highlighted a
couple of them. The blue line you see is the public utilities drainage
easement which is 20-feet wide at the back of the lots. However, the red
line is more serious, because this is not accounted in our planning
documents. This is a 30.5-feet easement in the backyards; that is for PG&E
high voltage lines. That means the pole, the easement is where the center
of that big high-voltage tower is located. The high-voltage wires will spread
on both sides 10-feet across. Effectively for any house in that red line, the
actual easement ends up being 40 feet, because you cannot build a structure
under transmission lines. What happens because of these restrictions?
Before SSO, you can build a 2,940-square-foot house. After SSO, you can
only build a 2,100-square-foot house on a single story. This is the same
                                                                         Page 41 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
