                          TRANSCRIPT
least it was to me. I thought you guys did a good job on this. With that, I'll
move the Staff recommendation, that the Council adopt a resolution,
Attachment B, approving the 2015 Urban Water Management Plan,
Attachment A, and (2) an ordinance, Attachment C, amending Municipal
Code Sections 12.32.010, water use restrictions, and 12.32.020,
enforcement.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
adopt:

A.   A Resolution approving the 2015 Urban Water Management Plan; and

B.   An Ordinance amending Municipal Code Sections 12.32.010, Water
     Use Restrictions, and 12.32.020, Enforcement.

Mayor Burt: Would you like to speak further to your motion.

Vice Mayor Scharff: No.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: The only thing I would add to that—again thanks,
Staff, for the work you have done on this. We didn't really talk about the
recycling of water a great deal. It is in here; it is on your Packet Page 310.
I think it's really important, and I would call that out to anyone who reads
this and hope, as we go forward, that we're looking at even more recycled
water and other ways to do it. Thinking of Council Member Filseth, he could
certainly be watering with recycled water, and you don't care what time he
does it. Right?

Ms. Dailey:   That's correct.   Water use restrictions only apply to potable
water.

Council Member Kniss: I think we should be emphasizing that even more as
we go forward. This past year was a great year for looking at how it was
recycled. I know people started businesses by recycling it and so forth. I'm
afraid we're going to forget about it if we get back into a more normal year
or two or three, and we will forget what happened this past year. With that,
that ends my comments, but I do want us to be very sure that we haven't
forgotten that particular issue.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.


                                                                       Page 45 of 122
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/16/16
