                         TRANSCRIPT
anticipated in the EIR. Just a quick project overview. We're talking about
six acre site that formerly had an HP building on it. Once the building was
demolished, there was a supplemental investigation and risk assessment
conducted, which sometimes we return to as a Phase 2 site investigation and
a risk assessment. There was identification of TCE contaminants that have
resulted in the requested revision to the final map. Just to summarize the
site remediation and mitigation that we're talking about. This graphic
shows—the shaded area is where soil has been excavated and removed from
the site. This soil was contaminated by TCE. The dots that are shown on
the map are the hotspots of TCE concentrations that are at 15-25 feet below
the basement level and are proposed to remain in place. There's mitigation
proposed as part of the final map amendment that involves relocating the
homes. Stanford has also proposed slabs and vapor barriers and a number
of other things. There will also at some point be a site management plan or
land use controls that apply to the open space area which is now where
these TCE spots are located. There was extensive characterization of soils
and groundwater on this site as well as the chemical constituents. There are
experts here tonight who prepared and also experts who reviewed for the
State agency Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) the materials
and the studies that were conducted. I'm going to invite them to speak to
the issue that's been raised about whether any of the contaminated soil
conditions on the site could have migrated off the site. I'm not aware of any
connection between any offsite contamination and what we're talking about
here that would be addressed by the final map amendment. I have two brief
pictures in the presentation.       This is the layout that was approved
previously. This is the proposed layout. You'll notice that the number of
homes along California Avenue stays the same. All the street connections to
California Avenue stay the same. The revisions maintain the 180 dwelling
units that were originally proposed. They redistribute some of the homes,
creating that open space in the middle of the site, some smaller lots,
increased common area. Some of the units, as a result, will have reduced
square footage and fewer bedrooms. I just want to summarize for you the
implementation of mitigation measures from the EIR and then the final map
findings that will need to be made. The EIR mitigation called for this Phase
2 survey and a work plan and corrective action plan if needed, if the testing
found constituents of concern. That has been done. They've conducted the
Phase 2 analysis and this risk assessment. They've removed contaminated
soils. The State Agency with jurisdiction, DTSC, has concurred with the
recommendations in the risk assessment. In terms of next steps, Stanford
will submit a preliminary endangerment assessment for review by the State
agency. We expect that they will receive a no further action letter probably
with conditions. The conditions will probably relate to some kind of land use
control or management plan for this open space area that now contains
those hotspots of TCE. As the Council's aware, we've received a whole lot of
                                                                       Page 16 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
