                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gonzalez: When we actually set the income limits like 30-60 percent,
the 30 is actually the maximum in that range. It could be lower. With the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) project-based units,
it could be zero income with a minimum rent of $25 per month. Depending
on the funding sources, there is that opportunity.

Council Member Holman: Are there units that you have that are let to
people who are basically no income?

Ms. Gonzalez: We do have a few of those units, yes.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: After hearing from the community, I just wanted
to say that I think there's an all too common trope that advocating for
relaxing density and parking requirements to help make it easier to add
more housing in Palo Alto. I hear people say that that kind of advocacy is a
sign of selfishness or an example of a sense of entitlement or proof that
somebody is a developer shill or something that outside interests advocate
for, but Palo Alto residents don't actually want. After hearing from these
Palo Alto residents tonight, I hope that we can reject that whole line of
argumentation. I hope we can listen to our neighbors and realize that the
region does have a housing crisis. Palo Alto is an epicenter of the housing
crisis. More housing choices are needed for Palo Alto, for the people who are
in our community now. Our density and our parking requirements are a
significant but certainly not the only contributing factor to that.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I'm reflecting on some of my colleagues' comments.
One question for you, Candace. If after tonight you feel encouraged—I
know you said you came with some trepidation—what would your next steps
be?

Ms. Gonzalez: We would start doing some schematics and figuring out what
could actually go on the site, and then we would continue with community
meetings. We've had an initial community meeting with our residents only.
We've talked to a couple of neighbors, but we would start engaging with the
community. I think that's going to be the critical part. With us already
owning the land and not having a mortgage, we can take time.




                                                                      Page 29 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 10/24/16
