                         TRANSCRIPT
prefer six months. Obviously, if you tell us four months, then we'll do four
months.

Council Member Schmid: I guess my feeling is that it would not be the six
month review and looking ahead at Phase Three, but are there issues that
people are concerned about that we need to look at. I guess I would make
that motion to add a four month check-in.

Council Member Kniss: I (inaudible). Does it have to be, Mr. Chair, a formal
one or could it come in written form?

Council Member Schmid: It could be an Informational Report, but it might
be a chance for the public to participate.

Council Member Kniss: Let's keep it live then.

Council Member DuBois: Are you guys suggesting there are two check-ins
or could we have one in just, say—I think it's either July or September since
we're not here in August. That makes sense.

Council Member Kniss: You don't want to come in August?

Council Member DuBois: We have a check-in either in July or in August, but
we don't have two check-ins.

Council Member Kniss: We're not here in July.

Council Member Schmid: Yeah, July is when we're out. Four months would
be end of July, beginning of August when we come back.

Ms. Gitelman: Could we change the six to a four instead of adding another
paragraph?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah, good.

Ms. Gitelman: Just so the Council knows, we'll do everything we can to
accommodate that request. It's going to be dependent on your Agendas and
other stuff that's going on, but we'll give it a good try.

Council Member Filseth: Before I accept the change, I don't want to
micromanage Staff. I want to make sure that Staff's in consensus with this
and thinks this is reasonable. Are you guys okay with it?

Ms. Gitelman: We would prefer some flexibility, so four to six months would
be terrific.


                                                                       Page 53 of 66
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/23/16
