                          TRANSCRIPT
Commission of zoning changes. If the Staff made the argument for this one
site, then we should be making it as a global argument. The same thing if
we're telling the applicant that we really would be more receptive to more
units on the residential, I think it goes hand in hand that we've already
stated as a Council we want to see us move toward minimum densities and
not just no minimum density of units and a maximum or permittable FAR,
floor area, of the residential.     These big units of penthouses maybe
acceptable to a former Planning Commissioner, but they're not what we're
looking for, for new units in our housing stock going forward. Those are the
reasons that I will support the Motion. I once again want to encourage my
colleagues to stick to the Code. Thank you. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think my colleagues covered a lot of it, so I'll try
to be brief. Four issues I want to point out. On the historic building, I'm still
kind of with Council Member Holman there, a concern about protecting that
building. I'm not convinced the lot merger was the best approach. I have a
concern about—Kipling is a narrow street. A part of the presentation was
that there are a lot of side streets off of Lytton. I think we've got to
recognize that Kipling is unique in how narrow it is. I would prefer to see we
protect the pedestrian flow on Kipling rather than Lytton in this case. I was
concerned about scale and context in terms of harmonious transitions. I
thought some of the examples you showed were actually pretty useful. I
had gone out and looked at the same examples. I think most of these office
buildings on Lytton that back up to residential actually have buffer zones.
This first building, I actually worked in this building. It's a two-story
building, and there's a nice buffer of trees.

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member DuBois: It's the first one in the Ken Hayes presentation.
This building was shown several times with a garage, but the other part of it
is this very beautiful public garden that's a buffer between the building and
the houses. The last one that I had looked at before I came in was the
terraced Sheppard Mullin building, which also has quite a big separation
between residents and the building. The last thing I wanted to say is this is
an odd-shaped lot. For me, one of the major problem areas was the second-
floor terrace. It sticks out in the back and is close to three residences. It's a
different pattern than most of the office buildings. Most of the office
buildings don't have that protrusion that steps back towards the houses. I
was concerned about privacy and noise from that aspect in particular.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.


                                                                          Page 55 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
