                          TRANSCRIPT
should make policy decisions by putting it in the Comp Plan before Council
has a chance to vet it and think about it. I think there's quite a bit of stuff
that seems to have gotten in here that we haven't actually discussed as a
Council. I'm not okay with that. I wanted to briefly address the housing
thing. There were a lot of really good comments on housing. One of the
things—I'm going to give Council Member Wolbach credit for this. As you
know, I sit on the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) Executive
Board. I listen to all the different communities of what they're doing in
housing. There are some communities which are building zero housing.
There are other communities that are building a lot. Mountain View and
Sunnyvale are building thousands and thousands of units actually. We are
viewed as one of the bad guys. I don't think we're used to that. As I sit up
there on the ABAG Executive Board, you'd be surprised how many times
people come up and talk about Palo Alto. I hear it from all these different
speakers, mostly the nonprofits.        The guy from the Green Foothills
comments about Palo Alto at least once a month. I think we should realize
that from a regional perspective we are not viewed as a good actor on this.
I'm not sure how that informs my policy, but it's something we should know.
The other thing we should think about is we go to extreme lengths to get rid
of small amounts of greenhouse gas emissions. I'm going to give credit to
Council Member Wolbach on this. We are so focused on greenhouse gas
reductions, as we should be, but we never say, "If we reduce X number of
greenhouse gas emissions, it's not going to make any difference in the
scheme of things." We say, "No. We are providing leadership on this issue.
We're providing a beacon. We are showing the world what we're doing."
When it comes to housing, I keep hearing, "Adding an extra 100 units here,
an extra 50 units there makes no difference, and it's not going to make
housing affordable in Palo Alto." If every community in the Bay Area were to
add 50 units, that's a lot of units. I'm not suggesting we be the leader on
this frankly. I'm just suggesting that we stop saying, "If we add 100 units,
it's going to make no difference." It is going to make a difference. We do
need to show some leadership—not leadership on this. We need to stop
being one of the worst cities in the Bay Area on this issue. That's where we
need to talk a little bit about housing. I wanted to basically talk about the
height limit. For the most part, I'm with Cory. We have a 50-foot height
limit. That's where I am, with the exception that I am never that rigid. The
55-foot limited to retail is what we should do. As Council Member Filseth
said, it's not going to change Palo Alto, that 55-foot height limit. The issue
then is to address the slippery slope. To say 55-foot limited only to retail is
the way to go. The reason I think that is it will increase the quality of life in
Palo Alto. Palo Alto will be a better place, a significantly better place with
better retail. That's something the Council should clearly consider. We're so
focused on having better retail in Palo Alto, we should allow better retail to
exist in Palo Alto. The way we do that is have a 55-foot height limit only
                                                                        Page 105 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/28/16
