                          TRANSCRIPT

Council Member Holman: Staff then would—let's say this comes back to the
Council then, so Staff would then on their own incorporate the changes that
we make.

Mr. Dennis: If that were the direction, yes.

Council Member Holman: Just wondered what the intention was and what
the procedure is to this point in time. Hillary.

Ms. Gitelman:     Council Member Holman, I think our intention was to
incorporate the Council's direction with the Staff and consultants. I think
based on the comments that you've made this evening, though, we'll have a
discussion with the CAC—we meet with them next week—about whether
they'd like to schedule another meeting to review kind of a tightened up
version of this with a little more editing and trying to address some of the
comments you've made. We'll put that to the CAC. It would mean a special
meeting on their part and potentially some additional work by the
subcommittee. That's a question we can pose. I think this was a learning
experience for all of us, the first Element. It was great to hear your
direction on the programs, making them a little more flexible, maybe trying
to weed out some of the programs, in addition, just your general reaction to
the wordiness of this. We'll take those to the heart. I'm sure the CAC will
as well, and we'll be talking to them next week about what role, if any,
they'd like to have in the tightening up process.

Council Member Holman: One last procedural question. When you do bring
this back, is it possible to have a side-by-side of like old policies compared to
the new policies or an old policy that was edited? Is it possible to have that
comparison?

Ms. Gitelman:      I'm afraid, Council Member Holman, that would be a
tremendous effort to try and do that, given the reorganization and revisions
here. We've tried to identify where programs and policies derive from the
current document. There have been so many changes, it's just not possible
to do an exact redline or a side-by-side. We will take to heart the Council's
request for a list of things that actually got deleted rather than retained and
massaged in some way. We'll try and do that.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Hillary, there are a lot of places where Staff has noted this one
replaces such and such. If there is an ability to simply paste in red in

                                                                          Page 46 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
