                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: The $2 million number is just a guidance system?

Ms. Sullivan: Correct.

Ed Shikada, Assistant City Manager: If I might, Council Member. Ed
Shikada, Assistant City Manager. It might be worth drawing a distinction
between the Assessment District and the Permit Fund, to the extent that the
Assessment District is used to generate parking supply with specific rates
associated with development and assessments on properties. The Parking
Permit Fund, the revenue that's used for the issuance of the permits, is more
flexible.

Council Member DuBois: The Assessment District cannot be used for these
improvements to garages?

Mr. Shikada: It's not anticipated for that purpose.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: The assessments that are made are for debt
service on the capital costs of constructing the garages that are already
constructed. Separate from that, the garages generate permit fees. The
City's traditional practice has been to consult with a committee of business
leaders who were associated with the formation of the Assessment District
and the financing of the capital. That committee has taken somewhat of an
ownership-like interest in the collection of those funds and the use of those
funds. Technically, legally what the Staff has said—Assistant City Manager
Shikada is correct—those are general funds, and the City has generally
allocated them back to the operation and maintenance of the garages.
That's what's intended here. It's completely appropriate.

Mr. Keene: I just might add the establishment of the rate for those permits
is within the City's discretion also. Again, as parking demand and supply
becomes more valuable with the web of different changes that we make,
then there will be pricing opportunities to look at as it relates to the parking.

Council Member DuBois: I'm a little concerned with Molly's answer in that in
a way some of these are capital improvements to the garage. Could not the
Assessment District be used to, say, install sensors and those kinds of
improvements?

Ms. Stump:       The current assessments are for the capital costs of
constructing the facilities that have already been constructed. We don't
have an ability to continue to add onto that in that sense. That would be a
new assessment in a sense, and that's not a current vehicle that the City's
looking seriously at for funding.

                                                                          Page 62 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
