                          TRANSCRIPT
out. One of the things that I look at, and there's a new addendum to the
6647 Agenda Item here that shows a map. I look at my intersection, and it
shows loss of parking spaces where we've already been pulled back. We've
had our curb painted red way back now, to two parking spaces already gone.
It's showing removing two more. That means it's going to remove parking
spaces down half the block. This doesn't even work. I'm willing to work
with Mr. Mello on this. I know that he actually is involved in RPP, but we
need a coordinated item. Thank you for removing the item from the
Agenda.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Neilson Buchanan.

Neilson Buchanan, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 3: Allow me
just to add to the previous two sets of comments. If the wisdom of the City
Staff and Council would be to remove every automobile parked on Bryant,
which is the street on which I live, if it was done in the interest of safety, I
would be supporting it without any qualifications. Bicycle opportunities for
daylighting at those intersections is really important. I don't object to loss
of parking capacity for that reason. What I do object is that the analysis
hasn't been done on all the different losses of parking capacity that influence
the vast permit parking area. That's what's missing out of this Report. We
have actually created ten micro zones, micro climates, for parking. As soon
as you tamper with a little bit of each one, then there's just—like squeezing
a balloon, the parking just goes down the street. I would propose, when you
want to take capacity out of the neighborhood parking, that it be adjusted
by the density change. There's a limit of some 2,000 permits that are
supposed to be sold over time. If you want to take out 10 or 100 or 200
parking spaces, then it's time to change the goal post and reduce the 2,000
limit. What ought to be constant is what's the density of nonresident
parking in the neighborhoods. I won't belabor that point tonight. That's the
issue as I see it. It's not the fact that we're losing parking 100, 200, 300 on
Bryant. If you need them for safety purposes, perfectly okay with me.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: We will now vote on the Consent Calendar with the exception of
Item Number 3. That passes unanimously with Vice Mayor Scharff absent.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Scharff absent

Action Items

10.   Review Annual Earth Day Report and Provide Direction to Staff
      Regarding Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP), Including
      Feedback Regarding 80 Percent by 2030 Greenhouse Gas Reduction
                                                                          Page 14 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
