                         TRANSCRIPT
let's make sure that all the stakeholders get a chance to weigh in, and let's
be very deliberate about how we move forward with this so that we're
successful. We all know in Palo Alto that if you try to short circuit the
process, it comes back to bite you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I was just going to follow-on briefly to Council
Member Scharff's comment that we ought to take a look at how much
money we're going to need before we design a program to raise it. In this
case, it's going to depend a little bit on exactly what structure the TMA goes
down. For example, if the TMA spends all the money, buys all the passes,
it's going to be one amount of money. If it looks more like the Stanford
model where the member companies actually spend a lot of it directly
themselves and the Research Park is more of a coordination facility, then it's
going to look somewhat different.          That's one of the things that the
committee or Policy and Services needs to look at.

Mayor Burt:    Council Member Holman.      Council Members DuBois and
Wolbach, you've already spoken once. Is that right?

Council Member Wolbach: Yes.

Council Member DuBois: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I want to let Council Member Holman speak once first.              No,
you've spoken as well.

Council Member Holman: Yes. Just a very quick question. I'm not opposed
to it, but I'm curious what the thinking was, Policy and Services versus
Finance Committee.

Mayor Burt: It really has most of all to do with the timing. We'd have a
pretty intense load for this ad hoc committee in the coming weeks. If, after
the polling, we were to come back to the Council with the results and
determine that it wasn't viable for this fall most likely because it would
compete too heavily with the VTA tax, then we'd go into a different mode
and figure out what our process would be going forward. If it did look
promising, then we'd need to pretty rapidly engage even more stakeholder
involvement. I would expect we'd want to get some even for the polling
phase, but that wouldn't be the heavy lifting of the stakeholder involvement.
It would be if it looked promising, then we'd have to really go to it. As much
as I respect what Council Member Berman had cautioned about, needing to
make sure that we don't short circuit, we actually have critical timing. We
have to find out in the next few weeks whether we want to pursue it all, any
                                                                        Page 84 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
