                          TRANSCRIPT
challenged. I think the City Attorney may have some more background on
that.

Council Member Kniss: Our neighbor uses them pretty effectively, which is
interesting. Menlo Park, as does Millbrae by the way.

Molly Stump, City Attorney: I'm not familiar with the history of whether
Council has explored wanting to use that technique.            It certainly is
something that we could with Transportation explore if Council is interested
in that. There are lots of factors, pluses and minuses, as Josh mentioned.

Council Member Kniss: For those who are enthused about them, because
they are effective. For those who get the ticket, they're very unhappy of
course. I'm not sure it isn't something we might want to look into again.
There is no question people run red lights. Most of us are really—at least I
sit at the light and wait for a few seconds just to make sure nobody is going
to go through it. I think that's probably not uncommon around town.
There's something about that that's kind of distasteful, but at the same time
I think it's pretty effective.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd just like to associate my views with the
comments made by former Mayor Kishimoto.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Just a quick comment. Liz, I don't know if you're
aware. I think Jerry Hill actually had a bill. Because of the Millbrae traffic
lights, there were some issues in terms of the timing there. I don't know if
you're aware. I think Jerry Hill actually had a bill to stop the red light
cameras in Millbrae because they were abusive and issuing huge amounts of
citations. You might want to talk to Jerry about it, just to understand what
happened there.

Council Member Kniss: Is the bill still live? Was it a 2-year bill?

Council Member DuBois: I'm not sure what happened with it. There was an
issue. It was mostly about right turn on red. I think the cameras were very
quick to ticket.

Council Member Kniss: As I said, they're never without controversy.

Mayor Burt: I'll just wade in on that last point. When red light cameras
started being proliferated on the Peninsula and really throughout the state,
maybe 6-8 years ago, there ended up being a number of issues. One, they
                                                                              Page 50 of 64
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/21/16
