                          TRANSCRIPT
Townsend depot.        They're not using all their trains.       It's purely for
Operational Budget reasons and a little bit for schedule constraints which I
want to talk about. The left is what's happened historically. You can see
here the ridership data for different stations pre and post the introduction of
the baby bullet. Everybody knows the baby bullet's a great story. We got
great service, faster service, and suddenly we had this increase in ridership.
It's true for Palo Alto, Castro Street, the stations that have baby bullet
service, a massive increase in ridership that's driven an increase in ridership
in aggregate, but we lost some stations. California Avenue diminished
dramatically in this change because it gets hourly service now. Now you
really have to check the schedule and plan. You're actually likely to come to
Downtown Palo Alto by car just to take the Caltrain. It doesn't have to be
this way. This is a project one of my graduate students did on the right-
hand side. If you ran a mixed-schedule—any of you who have been to New
York have seen local and express mixed on tracks. We can do the same
thing here. Redwood City is a four-track location that could be a junction
node. If you ran this kind of model, an express and a local on the same
tracks, you could increase capacity by 10-15 percent. Another option is you
change our engines. I show you this ancient chart of the Southern Pacific
Railroad schedule. This is the current Caltrain line. It's fascinating. If you
go back 100 years, these are steam engines remember. Our schedule is the
same or a minute slower. By the way, in 1865 we were the cutting edge of
transportation. We really were. That was with the latest train engines.
They had the fastest service. They were fabulous. We just haven't kept up.
As I said, we innovate in every other area. We need to innovate in this area
again. On the right is a concept for a train operator that has made an offer
to Caltrain to basically on a commercially funded basis—this is private capital
funding these trains—can operate an in-fill service that adds to Caltrain.
This is not Caltrain trying to raise public money; this is a private operator
that says, "I’m going to add trains funded by private capital." You can see
here we could reconnect across the bay, across the bridge. We could run
service to our tech companies like Facebook and Google, and we could get
added service to Palo Alto. The secret here is the engine's different. These
are diesel-electric Electric Multiple Units (EMU), so they could be done before
full electrification. Electrification gets you the same kind of benefit. Now
you can have an electric train chasing the bullet. Because it's electric, it
accelerates and brakes faster. It can actually keep up with the bullet but
make more stops. Suddenly I increase the number of trains, I increase
service levels. We can't quite get to seven minutes this way without going
all electric, but we can get down to about 10 minutes which actually starts to
be at the point where you say, "Maybe I don't have to check the schedule."
Of course as anybody who has ridden Caltrain in the morning commute
knows, those baby bullets are at 120 percent capacity, no seats available.
We actually need that extra capacity in the peak time. Interestingly, if
                                                                         Page 25 of 113
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/25/16
