                          TRANSCRIPT
issue of neighborhood quality is crucial, and I think that's why we're here.
Both the Staff plan and the College Terrace plan address the neighborhood
quality issue, assuming that you get the number of cars right and distributed
appropriately with the Staff plan. The Staff plan also addresses the public
streets issue which the College Terrace plan does not. My preference is the
Staff plan, with the College Terrace plan my second choice. However, the
Staff plan is complicated. The virtue of the College Terrace plan is it's very
simple and would be quick to implement. I understand why the College
Terrace folks and the Evergreen Park folks, who have waited a long time for
relief from this and will likely wait longer, are here talking about this. Again,
my preference is the Staff plan. If it proves too complicated or too divisive
or takes too long to implement, then I think the backup is indeed the College
Terrace plan. One of the things that's germane to the Staff plan is it is
absolutely crucial to get the number of employee permits right. If we get
that wrong, then essentially what we're doing is charging people to park in
front of their house but not providing neighborhood relief. We must not
allow that to happen. Again, the 2,000 permits proposed makes a lot of
assumptions. How many people aren't going to drive their car every day? A
number of things like that. If we stay with 2,000 permits, I think the annual
reduction mechanism proposed by Staff is just absolutely essential. We
need to get that number right. I don't agree with people that the number
absolutely must be zero in order to retain neighborhood quality, to return
the neighborhoods to the characteristics that they were 20 years ago, 25
years ago. We always had a few employee cars there. It can't stay at
2,000. I think the reduction mechanism by default has to be in there. If at
some point we choose to say, "You know what? We've reduced the number
of cars. It's pretty good. We can leave it at this level," then that's great
some years from now. I think by default as we design the program, that has
to be built in. The other thing that I think is important is that the unlimited
number of daily permits potentially constitutes a major loophole. I think we
need to deal with that one as part of the 2,000 or whatever number we
choose in order to make this work.

Council Member Schmid: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: This is not only a complex problem, but taking it up
at 11:30 especially after we discussed this at our Retreat last week, that we
make lousy decisions after 11:30. We've got an almost empty bank of
people out here, and the Staff is here and they're exhausted too. We've
been meeting—as you know, we usually start at 5:00. Tonight we started
late at 6:00. I don't know where we're going to go on this tonight. I am not
sure we can come to a decision when it's this late. As somebody said
earlier, we've had so little input. Two or three things that I want to talk
about. One of the comments I'd like to repeat—I had forgotten this, but one
                                                                         Page 97 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
