                          TRANSCRIPT
attention, please let us know. Operating fees, Motivate will cover the cost of
the first 350 bicycles. Additional bikes, the operating costs will be $100 per
bike per month subject to a Consumer Price Index (CPI) adjustment. Palo
Alto will be responsible for the operations of 351 and above. Motivate will
have the exclusive right to sell title and secondary sponsorship for the
system. Assets that may include sponsorship recognition include the bikes,
kiosks, racks, ad panels, mobile app and docks. Palo Alto may fund the cost
of capital operations through selling local station sponsorships. The way this
would work is the entire system would be branded by the title sponsor. It
would be X bikes. The baskets on the bikes would be branded, the bikes
themselves, the app. We would be able to have City of Palo Alto hub. We
would be able to sell the rights to naming a hub in front of City Hall or on
University Avenue. We could secure a sponsor that would be able to name
that hub. The larger system would still be under the title sponsor. We
would be able to get revenue from individual hub sponsorships. Motivate
will keep all of the title sponsorship, secondary sponsorship and user
revenue generated by the system. Palo Alto would be able to keep the funds
raised through the local station sponsorship. Annual pricing will match the
broader regional system. We don't have the ability to determine the pricing
of the system for memberships. Siting and installing, Motivate will fund the
costs of installation, but we will help them secure permits and help them
with siting and the public involvement process in order to determine where
the stations will be located. We will waive permit costs. They would need to
get an encroachment permit from the City of Palo Alto for each station. The
current term sheet says that the City would waive the cost to the
encroachment permits. We'll reimburse them $4,000 per station to develop
the site plans, conduct community outreach and all the other necessary.
That's included in the $1.1 million. Other key components. The regional
cities. Motivate will determine by October 31st whether the other cities will
get the same exact deal that we got or whether those cities will be able to
sell the entirety of the sponsorships in order to cover operations. The other
cities would also be able to have a larger title sponsor and use some of that
funding to cover operations, not just the stations which we would
(crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: The other cities will get a better deal.

Mr. Mello: No.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Because they could have a title sponsor. We can't have
a title sponsor.

Mr. Mello: If the title sponsor for the larger system declines to cover
operations in Menlo Park or Redwood City, Motivate will let them know by

                                                                       Page 88 of 104
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/4/16
