                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: We have three speakers, each speaker can have up to threeq
minutes each to speak. Our first speaker is Sea Reddy. Welcome.

Sea Reddy: Good evening, Honorable Mayor and citizens of Palo Alto. The
product that I've seen is extremely, extremely great. This whole thing about
biking and walking is the best thing it can ever be. Also I want to caution
that—I had been a biker. I was a walker and a biker in India. My recent
experience is telling me that all vehicles when you are—especially school
time, I consider them to be weapons. I hate to say that. They have 4,000
pounds, 2,000 pounds of load. Any movement that you don't see is a safety
concern for the children that are walking or biking. My own experience—I
live on Stanford Avenue. On Labor Day at 2:00, hardly any traffic. I was
parked in my space in front of Stanford Avenue. All of a sudden I opened
my door about eight inches, I was trying to get out. All of a sudden, a biker
comes and hits my window and falls down. I had to repair my window and
all that. Please consider that when you see the 8:00 A.M. traffic and the
7:00 A.M. traffic and the kids going to school and all that. Also, my recent
experience. A friend of mine, someone that I know, recently right in front of
Sundance Steakhouse on a broad daylight Saturday, he fell, caused by
nobody. He himself fell, and he had fractured himself and he was in
Stanford Hospital. This is wonderful; this is the best thing we can say. A
great product. I think we need to continue to be cognizant of the dangers of
biking and the weapons we have whether we're driving or biking. Thank
you. Our second item, it takes two beyond Palo Alto, beyond California to
the United States. I'd like Donald Trump to pick Condoleezza Rice to be the
running mate. I think she's great for our community. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Ester Nigenda, to be followed
by Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Ester Nigenda: Good evening, Council Members and members of the public.
Today I'll talk about effects of groundwater depletion kind of quickly. Do we
have a problem? This chart seems to say we do. This is the satellites from
NASA showing the groundwater depletion for the years 2011, 2012, 2013.
As you can see, we're all in the red. I have put together some slides that
show recent headlines. Groundwater depletion contributes to sea level rise.
It can trigger earthquakes. Groundwater depletion threatens our food
supplies. It can lead to loss in water storage for the capacity of the aquifers.
They lose their capacity to store our water. Of course, everybody has heard
that groundwater depletion can cause subsidence.              It can lead to
infrastructure damage. This is part of an article from The New York Times.
Roads can buckle, bridges can crack, our pipes that carry water and gas can
also crack.      These are other possible consequences of groundwater
depletion. We can have saltwater intrusion. The quality of our water
                                                                         Page 20 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
