                         TRANSCRIPT
ABAG obligations, how many housing units we have not built. Even within
our ABAG allocations speaks to the complexity and the difficulty of adding
housing in Palo Alto. This also matches with the academic research which
increasingly shows that complex planning processes and restrictive zoning
lead to more difficulty in adding housing. There was something mentioned
by the audience that tech yuppies have lots of housing. With all due
respect, that is not accurate. A lot of so-called tech yuppies are middle
class. They're being gentrified out of Palo Alto like other middle class
workers, like teachers, like firefighters, etc. They're either moving into
housing which otherwise would have been lower-income housing and
pushing out those people or they are themselves, like other middle class
people, moving to other communities nearby and causing gentrification there
and tearing those communities apart while also not being able to remain in
this community if they're a native. If we are going to explore a fifth
scenario, I think that, as Neilson Buchanan was suggesting, it should be
really different. We should really open this up. I'm not sure exactly how to
phrase this into a motion. I'll leave that to my colleagues. I think we should
have a range of options before us that doesn't close the door at this point.
We're still in brainstorming phase which means we need to have options
available.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I listened to a number of the speakers. I
thought it was interesting that I thought Doria Summa and Steve Levy were
saying similar things. I'll get back to that. I think what we need is a
scenario about quality of life. I'm a little hesitant for us to put, like Vice
Mayor Schmid suggested, caps on things. I think we need to be very clear
about what we're trying to achieve, and tell Staff these are the goals we
want as opposed to these are we achieve these goals. Staff's in a better
position to come up with, in many ways, solutions than we are as we sit here
at the dais. I think we should focus a lot on what do we want to achieve
with us. One of the things I'm concerned about, first of all, is the focus on
the jobs/housing imbalance. I actually think it's a straw man. Just as I
think Doria Summa said we're not against jobs; we're not against people
moving here. What we're against is the impacts of those jobs. We're
opposed to the traffic, the congestion and the negative impacts that these
things bring. I think the same is true of housing (inaudible) I asked the
question. The more housing we build, the more people you have, the more
traffic you have, the more congestion you have, the more impacts on the
schools you have. On the other hand, housing provides a lot of benefit, and
I think we should build more housing. I think we need to be clear about
what we're trying to achieve. I actually appreciated a lot of the comments
that Council Member Wolbach said in that as we look at this for Staff to go
                                                                        Page 47 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
