                          TRANSCRIPT
of our neighboring communities are going to be bringing a Magical Bridge to
their community as well. We want to thank you for your continued support.
We hope to share really great news with Palo Alto and beyond within the
next month.

Jenny Gao: Hello. My name is Jenny Gao, and I am a rising junior who
goes to Gunn High School currently. I am interning at the Magical Bridge
Playground over the summer. Originally, the Magical Bridge Playground was
just a dream of Jill and Olenka's. They wanted a space where people of all
ages and abilities could play and enjoy themselves. This dream has not only
been achieved and is currently thriving and benefiting people not only in our
community but also communities across the Bay Area, as Jill said. Today,
I'm here to proudly announce that the Playground has been awarded as the
Best Playground in the Bay Area by the San Francisco Best magazine.

Kaitlin Chung: Hi. I'm Kaitlin. I'm also a rising junior at Gunn High School.
I'm also interning for the Magical Bridge Foundation as with Jenny and my
other peers here. I'm here to remind you all of the summer concert series
that Magical Bridge Foundation is hosting every Friday evening from 6:30
P.M. to 8:00 P.M. It would really mean a lot if you could spread this to the
community and your friends and family.

Ms. Asher: Just to let you know, this concert series is being co-sponsored
by the City of Palo Alto. This is not just Magical Bridge putting this on. This
is the City of Palo Alto and Magical Bridge. They're free, family-friendly
concerts every single Friday through September 9th.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. More?

Victoria Helmer: Hi. My name is Victoria Helmer. I'm a rising senior at
Gunn High School. I have attended schools in the Palo Alto Unified School
District ever since first grade. Of the many things that I love about the Palo
Alto Unified School District, my favorite thing is the diversity. I know that
Buena Vista's presence in our community improves diversity. I think it's
great that there is hope that they can continue to live in Palo Alto and
improve diversity, whether it be socioeconomic or ethnic diversity in our
community.

Ms. Asher: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Congratulations. Mr. City Manager, I assume that
we are posting the Magical Bridge concerts on the homepage of our website.

James Keene, City Manager. I sure hope so. Looking to see where Claudia
is. She will be down here shortly. We'll be sure that's the case.
                                                                           Page 5 of 98
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/27/16
