                         TRANSCRIPT
Acceptance of the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking (RPP) … to be
heard on September 6, 2016.

Mayor Burt: We have Council Members Wolbach, DuBois and Holman
amongst others perhaps who have requested Item Number 11 to be
removed. We will vote on the Consent Calendar absent Item Number 11,
which will be agendized for a date to be determined. Do we have a date
tentatively?

James Keene, City Manager: Mr. Mayor, we'd seen some traffic in advance
of the meeting tonight on this. We've got a meeting on August 22nd, a
Special Meeting on August 29th, and then your first meeting in September,
September 6th. The Agendas are packed for the next couple of weeks. We
would recommend that September 6th be the target date for Item 11 being
put on the Council's Action Agenda.

Mayor Burt: The public can look for that as a tentative date. Please look at
our Agendas on the website to have that confirmed as we get closer. Please
vote on the ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: (crosstalk) to move the Consent Calendar first.

Mayor Burt: Sorry.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll move the Consent Calendar.

Council Member Kniss: Second.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Kniss to
approve Agenda Item Numbers 2-10, 12-15.

2.   Resolution 9613 Entitled, “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo
     Alto Authorizing Overtime and Portal to Portal Pay for Deployments
     Away From the City of Palo Alto.”

3.   Finance Committee Recommends Adoption of an Ordinance Amending
     Chapter 2.30 [Contracts and Purchasing Procedures] of the Palo Alto
     Municipal Code to Establish Contracting and Purchasing Procedures
     and to Define the Contracting Authority of City Officers and
     Employees.

4.   Approval of Amendment Number 1 to Contract Number S14148347
     With North American Youth Activities LLC DBA Kidz Love Soccer
     Extending the Term to December 31, 2016 and Increasing the
                                                                       Page 18 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 8/15/16
