                          TRANSCRIPT
that serves it. Typically, they're conducted to inform land use decisions here
on the local level made by city councils, and their development is guided by
city staff.    For larger developments, a separate transportation impact
analysis is required to meet CEQA requirements, but that requirement differs
from what's required at the local or county level. Ron will get into that later.
Traditionally, Traffic Impact Analysis (TIAs) have focused pretty much
exclusively on traffic congestion resulting from added project traffic.
However, here in Santa Clara County transportation impact analyses are
required to evaluate all modes, including transit, bicycle, pedestrian modes.
That's because in large part focusing just on auto-related impacts really
leads to a very narrow focus, and it leads to some side effects on bicycle and
pedestrian modes that are really undesirable. Within Santa Clara County,
TIAs are required to meet standards that are developed by VTA, which is the
County's congestion management agency. In addition to providing transit
service, VTA monitors congestion at major intersections and on freeways. It
publishes these TIA guidelines to make sure that analysis is done in a
consistent manner across the entire county. VTA also comments on TIAs
that are prepared by cities. When does VTA require that a TIA be prepared?
For any project that would generate 100 trips or more during any weekday
or weekend peak hour, a TIA must be prepared. That's a VTA requirement.
Cities including Palo Alto will typically require TIAs for smaller projects that
generate fewer trips. While TIAs are developed by consultants, the entire
TIA process is actually led by city staff to make sure that the TIAs meet the
city's needs. The first step is developing a scope of work for the TIA. The
consultant will propose a land use category and trip generation rate that are
appropriate for the development. The consultant will also identify likely
traffic patterns to and from the proposed project and, based on that, will
identify the extent of the study, including any intersections that are likely to
be impacted by project traffic. At that point, city staff review the scope and
propose changes to make sure that the final study addresses local concerns.
Then, that draft scope of work is circulated to VTA and also to any other
agencies that might be affected. If a development goes in at Charleston and
El Camino, the scope of that study is going to be circulated to Mountain View
because traffic to and from that development is likely to travel through
Mountain View. Once the scope is determined, data is collected and study
intersections are modeled under existing and future scenarios. City staff
review and provide comments on a draft report. Those comments are
addressed; the administrative draft report is then circulated so VTA and
other agencies have a chance to review. The final report is presented to the
planning commission, city council and members of the public. When a TIA
analyzes future conditions, they look at conditions with and without the
project, typically under three scenarios. The first is existing conditions, so
just existing traffic, what you see in the counts. Background conditions are
existing traffic plus traffic from projects that have been approved but not yet
                                                                          Page 2 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
