                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have one individual
speaker, and then five speakers who have elected to speak with one
representative for up to 10 minutes. Our first speaker is Stephanie Munoz.
There we are. Our next speaker will be Christian Pease.

Stephanie Muñoz: Good evening, Mayor and Council Members. I've been
out of town for a little while. I noticed in the paper that you are going to
permit Stanford to raze, that is, tear down, demolish, the living units for
about 400 people for a very good purpose, so that they can put in denser
housing. Unfortunately—not unfortunately. Stanford has more land in
Santa Clara County and San Mateo Counties than all the cities put together
have public lands. There's no reason that they cannot build their 2,400
acres, 400 units—housing for that number of people—someplace else on the
Stanford lands. We've been telling you for some time, years, not just me
but other people have been telling you that if you have jobs and you invite
people to move to your community, you have to have a place for them to
live. It's gotten worse and worse and worse. A few weeks ago, a month or
so ago, there was a case in which a woman didn't want to have any more
children; she wanted a tubal ligation. The law said that this hospital where
her doctor was performing the operation, which is the beginning of a
Caesarean section, didn't have to allow her to have this operation because of
one reason or another. I submit that if we are going to live in a society in
which people have to have babies, that you have to have a place for them to
live. I think you could by eminent domain, if Stanford was unwilling, claim
those apartments. It's been done before, not by Palo Alto and not with
Stanford, but it is quite common for cities to take what is absolutely
necessary for the welfare of the City. I recommend you give it very serious
consideration. When we moved the electrical substation so that the single
room occupancy housing could be put in, it went over to Stanford. It wasn't
done by eminent domain because Stanford didn't want it that way, and
that's fine. Stanford can also make an arrangement where it retains control
of those apartments. I love Stanford, but—thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Christian Pease. You have up
to 10 minutes to speak. To be followed by our final speaker, Neilson
Buchanan.

Christian Pease, speaking for five people: Good evening. I'm here tonight
representing the Evergreen Parking Permit Committee regarding Planning
and Transportation Commission's Staff Report Number 6787. As you know,

                                                                       Page 27 of 67
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/25/16
