                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Breitbard: We were invited to sing a song which we just happened to
sing at Niner's memorial, which I thought of at the last minute. It's a round
that many kids know, but I'm not sure everybody here knows it, so we're
going to teach it. Everybody's going to sing, even Council. Maybe you turn
off your mikes. We'll teach the round and maybe do it in two parts. I
realize this is a different protocol. [A sing-along was held.]

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Doug Moran to be followed by Bob Moss.

Douglas Moran: Hello. To cut down on the number of speakers, if any,
would the people who are here to support the donkeys please stand up?
Thank you, thank you. I'm Doug Moran. I've been a donkey handler for 20
years. I handle the feeding on Sunday evening. As you saw, I walk up
through the park, collecting families, telling them that they can have their
children help feed the donkeys. I mean I invite them to share Sunday
dinner with a major movie star at his gated residence in Palo Alto. It's a bit
misleading to—again you saw pictures of the children at the gate. There are
lots of them every time. It's a bit misleading to use the term "neighborhood
donkeys." Their care is handled by volunteers from the neighborhood, but
visitors come from all around. At many feedings, the majority of the
children are not just from outside Barron Park but outside Palo Alto, from
San Jose to San Mateo to Fremont. The donkeys provide an important
nexus for community building. People stop and, while they're there, they
have conversations with other visitors. It is a destination for both Staff and
patients from the VA and people working in the Research Park. Families
bring their children to see and be close to donkeys, to connect to those
parents' backgrounds. It is an important educational resource, allowing
children to overcome fears and learn how to deal with larger animals. There
are both arranged and informal visits with elementary school classes and
preschools. Although, smaller children are the most enthusiastic feeders, I
see a moderate number of middle school and high school students and
adults, or should I say children of all ages. Why is a the star of four high-
grossing pictures, two of which were good, having to live on the charity of
neighbors? Inadequate representation. He didn't have an agent, a lawyer
or a mobster in his corner when he dealt with Hollywood. They didn't even
pay him minimum wage for animal actors, and they didn't give him a credit
at the end of the movie. We have tried to get support from DreamWorks,
but they have turned us down. Everybody knows that Hollywood has no
shame. I urge you to support. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Moss to be followed by Ken Dauber.

Bob Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. I'm delighted to
see this offer by the Council to help support the donkeys. They've been a

                                                                       Page 108 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
