                          TRANSCRIPT
accomplish. It eliminates some of the confusion that, I think, is created by
putting Infrastructure under Built Environment and by some of the things
that are in Infrastructure. The other thing too is while I agree with Pat
about what—you touch the mobile and everything moves. Everything is
related to each other. I would argue that no two things are as connected as
what we build and the traffic impacts and the parking impacts. Nothing is
more interrelated than those two, that I can think of. Everything does affect
everything else. That's a given. That's recognized. Those two things have
such stark relation to each other, I think, it makes perfect sense to keep
them together with adding the emphasis on mobility as is in the amended
motion.

Mayor Burt: I'm not going to be supporting the substitute motion. As I go
back, when we look at both the community survey and, I think, what we
perceive is going on and today's problems within our community and,
frankly, sub-regionally, the top problem that has been identified is
transportation. We certainly have right behind that housing and noise issues
and those. If we look at our community and the responses, as Council
Member Schmid has pointed out about the importance of those surveys, it
rises above everything else. If, under this motion, we would say some of
these other items like Healthy City is a immediate Priority for the next three
years but transportation is a subset of Built Environment, I just think it
stands as its own Priority and importance. I think the community is going to
question why we're not placing as one of our Priorities the thing that is more
important to the community at this point in time. Mr. City Manager.

Mr. Keene: Thank you. Being more of a poet than a prose person, I do
think the language is important for communicating to the public. I would
just go back to what the Mayor was just talking about. When the Council did
set your guidelines for Priorities, as the Vice Mayor and others were talking
about with Infrastructure, it was really designed to ensure that there was
enough special focus in the nearer term to distinguish and nurture a
particular area, so that it could really kind of get the momentum. I actually
still think "1" is a little of a mashed up Priority, but I do think as City
Manager that mobility being called out is important not only because it's the
distinguishing factor. I would say it's the hardest to solve issue out of all of
those other ones, infrastructure, housing, parking. In truth, we sort of know
what can be done in that area. Mobility is new territory in many, many ways
for us to be able to resolve this in the way that would be satisfactory. We
can't just say let's do X times more mobility, like X times more projects or X
times more housing. It's sort of a whole new strategy about how we're
going to do things. I think it does have special focus. Whether it's mobility
as a service or other approaches, it's really worthwhile. I'd like to just throw
something in under "4" though, since I think that that's kind of a boring bit
                                                                          Page 46 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
