                         TRANSCRIPT
informs what these policy levers would have to be. What are the additional
thoughts that you would have to—or policies or programs you would have to
pursue to either slow the rate of job growth or increase the amount of
housing produced. If you've set a goal, we'd need to know what those are.
That's really what we would be analyzing in a fifth scenario.

Council Member Holman: Listening to that, I hear that that's how it might
work, but it doesn't translate for me on how we would use that information
in doing the technical analysis in an EIR.

Ms. Gitelman: Let me try and explain what we do. If you set a goal in the
Comp Plan and you give us some idea of the policy levers, the policies and
programs that you would want to put in place to achieve that goal, we would
develop an assessment or a projection of what we think the jobs and
housing resulting from those policy choices would be. That would be the
basis of the analysis.

Council Member Holman: The other thing is we've talked about from the
beginning how we might use this aspect of Scenario Two with another aspect
of Scenario Three or whatever. I've never really understood how you can
mix and match, because things are to intricately associated, especially land
use and transportation. I'm not sure how we mix and match.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, this is a suggestion that we've
made that we could use these scenarios as a way to advance the policy
discussions that the Council and community are having about transportation
investments and about land use changes. If the Council wants to mix and
match, they can do that. Then we would do basically what we're talking
about doing for Scenario Five. We would analyze that new combination of
things as your preferred scenario or preferred alternative after the public
comment period on these four scenarios. Our consultant is saying that we
can do this and circulate it for public comment within the schedule that
we've outlined, if we're efficient and we define this scenario quickly in May.

Council Member Holman: It really would be sort of like we're not really
mixing and matching, we're just saying we want to do this from Scenario
Two, we want to do this from Scenario Three, and now go analyze that. It's
not really a mix and match in terms of impacts. It's a mix and match in
terms of goals now that we have some idea of what the impacts might be.

Ms. Gitelman: The characteristics of these scenarios. If I could just clarify.
Apparently the appendices to the EIR are online at the website
paloaltocompplan.org. The link to the appendices is within the table of
contents.

                                                                        Page 18 of 88
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/22/16
