                          TRANSCRIPT
going to be talked about around the world if we can adopt something that's
exciting and innovative here in Palo Alto. We are the capital of innovation
around the world as far I'm concerned. Our company is Swiftmile. We're
building an electric bike transit system. Our system is all based on getting
the non-bikers to bike. I think what you're looking at today is actually a
great solution.     Nothing bad to say whatsoever about what you're
considering to be implemented. When you talk about an exciting and
innovative way to get around for that true last mile program, we're
developing that. We're actually going to be deploying that in many similar
areas that's been mentioned today in regards to Stanford Research Park and
some of the local businesses here. As I mentioned, the way we see
ourselves is more in the position of getting the non-biker to bike. One bike
user per day is great. Getting to two, that sounds like something that's the
goal. We're talking about getting three to five bike users per day. The
specific reason is people don't want to sweat to get to work. Studies show
that if you have to go more than a mile or two on a bike, a lot of people just
simply don't use it. They want to be able to tap into something that's
innovative such as these electric bikes that have really exploded upon the
scene in the last really year or two. That bike expo, I think, was a great
testament to it. My whole point in coming today is not so much to be a
roadblock whatsoever. As you're looking at Generation 2, we're building
Generation 3 right here in our own backyard. We'll have data to share very
soon, hopefully to support some of the comments that suggested about how
we could actually have a system that everybody's using. Not everybody, but
a lot more people are using. Being something that's a role model that we
can speak to across California and the United States. In closing, what I
want to make sure is that you realize I want to put Palo Alto on the map for
innovation, for taking advantage of all the different things that's happened in
the industry with electric bikes. Our whole system is based on tap, rent and
roll. It's very simple to use. We've got all the GPS tracking. When you're
done, you get all the great data. I hope you'll consider us to be a
conversation in the same discussion. We at some point could roll something
out here shortly. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Tom Harrington, to be followed
by Jamie Jarvis. Welcome.

Tom Harrington: Good evening, Mayor, Council, Staff. My name is Tom
Harrington.    I chair the Mountain View Transportation Management
Association, MVgo. We support the work that Palo Alto has done along with
partners Motivate and SoBi and encourage the City Council to—sorry. I'm
going to read this directly. I apologize for that. Encourage the City Council
to proceed with directing Staff to return to the City Council with a contract to
implement a SoBi smart bike system operated by Motivate as part of the Bay
                                                                         Page 93 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
