                           TRANSCRIPT
wanted to see what it said. I guess I'll start with the fiscalization of land
use. I also was a little surprised by the outcome on that. When I looked at
the numbers, it looked to me that what drives a lot of this is the way you
allocate the police services. I think you allocated 70 percent to business and
30 percent. I think that skews the results in a way that makes the study,
frankly, not work. What you basically say is that the Downtown creates a lot
of the calls, especially on weekends in that. That's related to commercial
activity; therefore, if we add commercial activity, we are putting that not for
residents. We're putting that towards employment. I think what we're
really talking about is retail in the Downtown as opposed to office workers,
given the ... I think by lumping that altogether and given the huge impact,
70 percent, given the pensions of police officers and all of that. I really ask
ourself, if we got rid of our Downtown and it didn't exist, could we really get
rid of 70 percent of our police officers. Intuitively that just didn't strike me
as right, to be honest. When I asked little questions about this Fiscal Study,
intuitively it didn't really make sense to me. When you look at most cities,
take San Jose for instance. They're always bemoaning they don't have more
jobs and that they have too many residences. They're bemoaning that
because they don't want to have the residents. They want the cash and the
money and all of that that goes with that. What your study is saying is the
opposite, that we should go out—if we want to have lots of money in our
City, we should build as much housing as possible and minimize jobs.
Intuitively, that's wrong. It just clearly is. When you start to break this
stuff down—I can give you another example. What seemed to drive a lot of
the resident stuff for me in your study was that housing rates turn over
much faster and drive property taxes; whereas, commercial turns over a lot
slower. Is that correct? That struck me as ...

Mr. Sigman: That factor's included. I would ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: That seemed to be a fairly large factor in that.

Mr. Sigman: I don't think it's a significant driver of the ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: You didn't think it was a significant driver?

Mr. Sigman: I don't think that is, no.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You don't think the fact that commercial—okay. Council
Member Schmid, I guess you should probably stop talking about that.

Mr. Sigman: Actually I should add when I met with the Finance Committee,
this was obviously an issue that we spoke about at length. One of the things
that we suggested we would do, and we'll do, is a sensitivity analysis around
those turnover rates. We do indicate that the commercial doesn't turn over
                                                                                Page 75 of 128
                                                                          City Council Meeting
                                                                 Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
