                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: When it comes time for a Motion, I'm going to ask
for that to be included. Ask the City Attorney, can I do that? It's not
specifically RPP, but it's certainly related. Could I do that?

Ms. Stump: In general this evening, you could direct the Staff to come back
with additional analysis or information, just the way that you could do that in
a general Council meeting even on a topic that wasn't on the agenda. Is
that your question, if you ask for ...

Council Member Holman: I'm asking could we direct tonight for Staff to
either resolve this issue and/or come back to us with information about
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: What she said is we can request that they come back to us with
that.

Ms. Stump: Yes. We would need to look at what the situation is with the
facility and what the rules are. We could come back to you with that
information and some kind of proposal for additional action or options.

Council Member Holman: Or maybe get it resolved in the meantime.

Ms. Stump: Yes.

Council Member Holman: That's what I was trying to get to, get it resolved
in the meantime. Say this again please, I'm sorry. How many total
employee parking permits have been sold?

Ms. Atkinson: Just about 1,350.

Council Member Holman: Why wouldn't we reduce the number of employee
permits that we would sell? Instead of starting with the 2,000, leaving it
there, and then reducing it by 10 percent every year, why wouldn't we just
reduce it to—let's be generous and say 1,500 and reduce it by 10 percent
every year?

Mr. Mello: We're fully intending on making changes to the program when we
come back to you in January with a Resolution. All of those types of
changes to the program need to be incorporated into a Resolution. The last
Resolution that was adopted by Council was back in February. Our intent
was to come back at the conclusion of Phase 2 with some specific
recommendations to move forward into the permanent program. That would
certainly be one of the recommendations.



                                                                       Page 94 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
