                          TRANSCRIPT
The Board of Directors of the Palo Alto Public Improvement Corporation met
on this date in the Council Chambers at 6:05 P.M.

Present:   Berman arrived at 7:12 P.M., Burt, DuBois, Filseth, Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Mayor Burt:     This is actually a separate meeting whereby the City Council
functions as   the Board of Directors of the Palo Alto Public Improvement
Corporation    or PIC.     I have no speaker cards.     Is there any brief
presentation   by Staff? Of any sort?

James Keene, City Manager: No.

Mayor Burt:     It's all explanatory in the Council packet.      The Staff
recommendation is that the Board of Directors of the Public Improvement
Corporation, or PIC, approve the 2014-15 Financial Statement for the Public
Improvement Corporation. We're open to either questions or a motion to
approve. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I just have one quick question about COPs for the
golf course. Are there any plans to do that for the current renovation
through this function?

Tarun Narayan, Treasury Investment and Debt Manager: Good evening, my
name is Tarun Narayan. I'm Manager of Treasury Investment and Debt. We
are still waiting for the final permit to be issued for the golf course. Once
the RFP is issued, then yes, there is a plan to issue COPs to fund that.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member       Wolbach:    I   was   just   going   to   move   the     Staff
recommendation.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Mayor Burt:    That's motion to approve by Council Member Wolbach,
seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff. Would you like to speak to your motion?

Council Member Wolbach: No need.

Mayor Burt: No? All right. No lights. Please vote on the board. That
passes unanimously with Council Member Berman absent. We will now
                                                                         Page 65 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/29/16
