                          TRANSCRIPT
principal focus and to clarify that more. Council Member Wolbach, did you
want to bring forward a motion?

Council Member Wolbach: Would you like me to respond to some of the
questions you just raised before I do that?

Mayor Burt: Sure, you're welcome to do that before the motion.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I think a couple of your quibbles—I hate
to put you on the spot, Jim. I think they actually came from some of the
recommendations that came from Staff to change the Memo somewhat
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Here's the—just a moment. The Staff makes suggestions to
the authors of Colleagues Memos, and then the authors own the Memo.

Council Member Wolbach: That is correct. I just wanted to open an
opportunity for Staff to weigh in, if they'd like to. Otherwise, I'll (crosstalk).

Mr. Keene: We might be missing a couple of words in here for clarity. I
think it's handled well enough by a request when we're at the Committee to
kind of clarify that in words.

Council Member Wolbach: That was my sense as well. On the question of—
actually I'll just go forward with the motion. In speaking to the motion, I'll
provide it. I'd move that we refer this Colleagues Memo to the Policy and
Services Committee to discuss and potentially craft such an ordinance as
described in the Memo.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'll second that. Could I suggest a revision?

Council Member Wolbach: Sure.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd suggest that "to discuss and potentially make
recommendations to Council regarding this subject."

Council Member Wolbach: That's amenable to me.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to refer this Colleagues Memo to the Policy and Services Committee to
discuss and potentially make recommendations to Council.

Council Member Wolbach:          First, I wanted to address—besides the
comments I've already made, I just wanted to provide a couple of
clarifications based on questions and things I heard raised. A few members
of the public referred to stingrays, but I'm not sure if we had clarification of
                                                                           Page 62 of 67
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/25/16
