                         TRANSCRIPT
the width of the streets and what the sidewalks are like?       How does that
work?

Mr. Mello: This has been a two year process. One of the concept plans in
particular is in its sixth draft. It's in its sixth draft because we have
continually worked to refine every single one of these over the last two
years. We've had over ten public meetings, several kind of professional staff
charrettes where we just laid out the plans, we looked at all of the data.
This was consultant staff, City Staff. We even pulled elements from NACTO,
National Association of City Transportation Officials. They have a bike
boulevard chapter in their Urban Bikeway Design Guide. There's lots of
studies out there that have pretty substantial guidance on how to construct
bike boulevards. I would say I think we're more at the 5,000-foot level with
these. We've gotten so enmeshed in the details, and we've gone out and
done nighttime surveys to determine where additional street lighting is
required. We've walked the corridors at all different times, ridden bikes,
looked at parking demand, talked to schools along the corridor, looked at
demand for parking near public parks. I think that's why you'll see that
what we're recommending on the Ross Road Bike Boulevard differs a great
deal from what we may recommend along some of the other corridors,
because they are all different contexts, different roadway widths. We did
kick off the entire process by conducting traffic counts, bike-pedestrian
(ped) counts, looking at speeds.       There were really only a couple of
segments where we were concerned about speed. The traffic calming is
mainly intended to just moderate speeds and account for some of the areas
where we're removing stop signs. We don't want to remove a stop sign and
then have the travel speed creep up because people are no longer required
to stop. We're trying to anticipate that by putting in some proactive traffic
calming in the blocks approaching the intersection that no longer has stop
control. I don't know if you want to add anything, Hugh.

Hugh Louch, Alta Design and Planning: I think that covers it.

Council Member Filseth: Maybe I could just extend it a little bit and ask it a
slightly different way. Do you look at things and say, "This is a really wide,
busy street, and the cars go fast, and there's a lot of bikes on it. We need
to throw a lot of stuff at it"? In other places, you say, "This is a quiet,
residential street. Not too many cars drive on it. We don't need to do very
much there." Is that part of the formula?

Mr. Mello: Yeah, that's exactly the process. We also looked at the data that
we had around traffic counts and speeds. Some of the streets, just going
out and looking at how wide the street is, you can tell that people probably
travel too fast, especially in the evening, at night when they're in a rush.

                                                                        Page 22 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
