                         TRANSCRIPT
during that length of time. I don't know Mr. Morris in the same way, but I
certainly have known her for a long period of time.

Mayor Burt: We just talk about communications specifically related to this
item and in particular any information that we ...

Council Member Kniss: There's nothing in here you're not reading about.

Mayor Burt: ... in particular any information that we receive that is not in
the public record.

Council Member Kniss:    I don't have anything to share that's not in the
public ...

Mayor Burt: Then you don't have to speak on it. Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: I've received communications from the applicant.
Nothing that's not in the public record. I don't think I even had a chance to
reply to the communication that I received. Sorry about that. I didn't learn
anything that others don't know.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I received a voice mail and also an email from
Judy Ellis, sharing the concerns that we've heard tonight from the applicant.

Mayor Burt: I see no more lights. I think we're back to Vice Mayor Scharff.

Ms. Stump: Excuse me, Mr. Mayor.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry.

Ms. Stump: It would be important to invite the effected parties to respond if
they wish to do so.

Mayor Burt: I want to give the applicant for the waiver an opportunity to
respond to any additional—yes, you're welcome to come forward—
information that was put forward by Council Members.

Mr. Morris: Thank you. It's late. In response to the comments that Council
Member Holman made, I had many conversations with Ken and Debbie and
everyone there. I remember the phone call I got at home. Did you know
that Anthropologie is going to be moving to Stanford? I said, "No." It was
in today's paper. What are we going to do? The majority of our business is
from Anthropologie. As time went on, we extended leases every two years.
When it came to the end of this lease, yes, I did tell them there would be an
                                                                      Page 92 of 105
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 08/22/16
