                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Wuthmann: There are 68 homes total in the project. Council Member
Scharff's exactly right. Some are under construction already. Actually 28
foundations are already built. They're furthest away from—they are not on
this amended part of the final map. What you're talking about would be the
40 homes that have not yet been built.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are you willing to limit it to the 40 homes?

Council Member Wolbach: That's fine with me.

Mayor Burt: Yes. Those are the homes that were held up because there
were greater issues.

AMENDMENT: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to
add to Motion Part v, “for all 40 single family homes not yet under
construction.”

Mayor Burt: Let's go ahead and revote on "E," which was the amendment
just with these clarifications. That now passes on a 7-1 with Council
Member Filseth voting no.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 7-1 Filseth no, DuBois absent

Mayor Burt: I'd like to offer another amendment. This is going to be non-
binding.  It's to direct Staff to attempt to negotiate with the project
developer to identify any practical locations for pedestrian access either
toward the east and Page Mill or toward the—what it is? North, toward
Hanover. Either toward Page Mill or Hanover pedestrian access. Does the
maker and the seconder ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's fine.

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, it's fine.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to work with
the project Developer to attempt to locate pedestrian and bicycle access
either toward Page Mill Road or Hanover Street.” (New Part C)

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Did you have something?

Vice Mayor Scharff: You were seconding it.

Mayor Burt: I don't know what needs to be clarified. We're asking our Staff
to attempt to achieve it ...

                                                                          Page 71 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
