                          TRANSCRIPT
Andrew Lookingbill: Mr. Mayor and Members of the Council, thank you so
much for your patience and attention tonight. My neighbors have made
excellent points on both sides of the issue. They make wonderful points
actually. I'm here tonight in favor of the SSO. The reason is actually a little
surreal for me. I'm not from this part of the country originally. If you had
told me a few years ago that I'd be here and I'd be speaking on behalf of
tract housing by somebody of a certain name, I'd think that was pretty
strange. I'm a convert. I live in this house with my wife and young
daughter. I'm amazed that I can stand anywhere in the house, anywhere in
the backyard, and there's no line of sight to anyone in any of the houses
around me. It's a bit of a magic trick, and I don't know how he did it
originally, but it's something I really appreciate that. That's why I'm here
today in favor of the SSO. Thank you so much for your time.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shekhar Kapoor. Welcome.

Shekhar Kapoor: Thank you, everyone. Thanks Council Member for giving
me the opportunity. I don't know what to say. Whatever could be said has
been said. It's late; I may be babbling a little bit. I just want to say one
thing. Something about statistics. A lot of statistics have been thrown at
us. Somebody said once that—sorry if I'm being a little lighter—statistics is
like swimwear. It reveals a lot, but hides the most important part. I guess
the most important part is all about home is very personal to everyone.
Everyone has their own dreams about their home. When we bought the
house in Palo Alto after how many biddings. I was humiliated in one of the
biddings; there were like 28 biddings out there. I think I was second last in
that bidding. We kept trying and finally we got a house in Palo Alto. Eichler
homes were the most affordable at that time. I tell you one thing, we have
fallen in love with the home. We love this neighborhood, and we love the
much-maligned block parties also. There's a balance that we need to create
with the need of each individual while at the same time making sure that the
community's needs are not violated. I understand the all the privacy needs.
I understand we need to maintain the architectural look and feel. I think the
human need is also very important. For example, I am looking at a
possibility I may be taking care of parents on both sides who will be coming
and staying with us. There is no option given all the restrictions which are
already there but to look at going up. This is one thing that I want to have
the flexibility open. Yet, I think the opportunity is front of us to work
together to create a balance. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Hobart Sea [phonetic]. Paul Gilman. Eric Smith.
Finally Abrar Hussain. Welcome.



                                                                         Page 89 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
