                          TRANSCRIPT
whether additional blocks can be added to the annexed areas by petition and
not require Resolution. Also, on the loading at the ambulatory facility or
elsewhere, I'd be interested in whether we should be having more loading
zones designated so that we aren't driving folks to double park in the street;
although, Ms. Au had mentioned her recent circumstance with a common
carrier hitting her car. I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm not sure that the RPP
program would effect that. My observation is that the common carriers are
double parking when there is parking on the curbs throughout the City, and
that's a separate problem that we have to tackle in a different way. I think
where we have regular, necessary loading, we should have more spaces
designated for loading zones. If there are circumstances where they have
loading on private space and that works well, I'm fine with that too. Those
are my comments. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think I agreed with a lot of what you just said,
Mayor Burt. I think we've learned that there are some people who just don't
want to pay for parking ever. They'll walk a pretty far distance. I'm not if
we'll ever get rid of all those. I think the goal is just to push it far enough
out that the number is relatively small. Just a couple of random thoughts. I
think we should kill the five day pass. We have no takers. It seems like an
easy simplification. I have a couple of questions. Do we require employers
to be in the Business Registry before they can purchase permits?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes, that's a requirement.

Council Member DuBois: Have we considered participation in the TMA as a
requirement?

Ms. Atkinson: That's not previously been mentioned.

Council Member DuBois: The other thing which we haven't really talked
about was a focus on making passes trackable to the purchaser. I know the
permanent ones, I think, have identification numbers. Could we make all
the passes have some identification number or a bar code that would let us
at least know who purchased the hangtag?

Ms. Atkinson: All permits have a permit number on them.

Council Member DuBois: They are traceable?

Ms. Atkinson: Yes. We have had some that have been lost, that we've been
able to return through that.

Council Member DuBois: I said in March we needed to define what the limit
to the Downtown parking district is rather than continue to expand it. What
                                                                       Page 99 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
