                         TRANSCRIPT
aren't aware of how well served this particular area is even today on transit.
I want to see a project come with these aggressive Transportation Demand
Management programs, that it have strong monitoring, strong enforcement
and strong consequences if they aren't achieved, and then whether we have
the sort of success that would be designed into this. I frankly think that the
developers are proposing to put their money where their mouth is, that
they'll own the consequences of this. I look forward to seeing this refined. I
think there's a lot of work still to be done to flesh out details. This is not
just a blind blanket support; it's a prescreening that gives a sense of
direction. I think the applicants have heard a mixture of comments from the
Council.    They'll have their challenges before them to address those
concerns. I think that concludes this item. Thank you all very much for
participating. This will go through—if the applicants elect to go forward with
an actual project, it'll go through our entire consideration process, through
the Planning and Transportation Commission and the Architectural Review
Board. This is only a first step. Thank you. Why don't we take a quick
break at this time.

Council took a break from 9:02 P.M. to 9:07 P.M.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have none.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Following that is City Manager Comments. Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members.
Despite starting at 5:00 P.M., we're about an hour and 40 minutes behind. I
think you're aware of that. We'll do our best to support you moving ahead.
I'll zip through some of these things, but there's some important
announcements to make. First of all as it relates to the future of our
regional bike share program, you might have heard there was an
announcement over the weekend concerning the regional Bay Area bike
share program that is operated by the company Motivate under a contract
with the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, MTC. The announcement
focused on a collaboration between Motivate and the Ford Motor Company,
akin to the comments the Mayor just recently made about Ford Motor
remaking itself as a mobility company and not just a car company. I think
you'll hear some other interesting announcements about some of the things
they're looking at. Under the terms of this agreement, Ford will help fund an
expansion of the current regional bike share program from 700 bicycles to
over 7,000 bicycles. What didn't appear in the press was the role Palo Alto
                                                                       Page 47 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
