                          TRANSCRIPT
only. Employers would not have access to the daily or the five day
scratchers. Employees are limited to four daily scratchers, or they may buy
a fiveday scratcher each month. Both are sold randomly and would be
mailed a scratcher that is eligible for a specific zone at random. Both daily
and five day scratchers would not be available for purchase in Zones 9 and
10 which are the outer zones of the proposed boundary. In conclusion the
Staff recommendation is to adopt the Resolution before you; since we've
combined these, to adopt the Citywide Ordinance on the second reading.
Also just relatedly, there is a late request from Addison Elementary School
regarding staff parking permits and a letter both to Staff and to City Council.
Staff has provided information regarding Transportation Demand
Management or TDM measures to the school. We're more than happy to
discuss options for the employee commute including research that shows the
best options that are available particularly for elementary school commutes.
Given the late nature of that request, we don't have a particular Staff
recommendation at this time regarding that request. Thank you very much
for your time.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. I think it would be appropriate next
to go to the public. I know this is an item of key concern, and key input
comes from the public. I have about 50 cards. If anyone has not given a
card and wants to speak, if you could get a notice from the Clerk and fill it
out. I'd like to limit comments to two minutes. Each one of you is
important, and we want to make sure everybody has a chance to address
the Council.

Council Member Kniss: A point of information, Mr. Chair. The pilot aspect of
this, which we have mentioned now several times, is included in which
documentation that we got today?

Ms. Sullivan: The Resolution.

Council Member Kniss: In the Resolution itself?

Ms. Sullivan: Yes.

Council Member Kniss: As I read it, it says will be evaluated one year from
whenever we actually implement it, correct?

Ms. Sullivan: That's correct. We will come back.

Council Member Kniss: It will be implemented by another Council another
year. Yes is the answer.

Ms. Sullivan: Yes.
                                                                           Page 9 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
