                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Not to get into the weeds on this, just one quick
question about this. Will this be integrated into the Master Plan or are we
going to have yet another standalone document?

Mr. de Geus: It will be integrated into the Master Plan.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Anyone else on CSD projects?

Mr. de Geus: I'll be next door at the Parks and Rec Commission meeting, if
something does come up.

Mayor Burt: Say hi for us. Council Member DuBois, you had several others.
Fire has only one item, so that seems like that—unless anybody has any
issues on that.

Council Member Holman: Page?

Mayor Burt: That is Item 19. Am I correct that that's the only one? Yeah.
It's (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff: I have a question. The reason I'm asking this now is
because we want to let the Fire Chief go. The Fire Chief, you've come to us
several times and talked about transitioning on some of these things to non-
sworn personnel. Is that a program that you're working on? If not, why is
that not on here?

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Good evening. Eric Nickel, Fire Chief. These were
Council priorities that were identified by the Council back in January. While
we've been working on this internally between Fire and the Development
Center, I guess I can't tell you why it didn't end up on here. It certainly
doesn't mean we're not working on it. I just wasn't aware at the time that it
was a Council priority.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is it green, red or yellow? Where are you on it? That's
really the question.

Mr. Nickel: Both myself and the Development Center Director have had
preliminary discussions. Understand that we have—those positions are
currently filled by sworn personnel. The plan, as we have preliminarily
talked about it, is that as those people retire—we have several members
that are close to or at retirement age—that would be the opportunity to
replace those with non-sworn positions. One of the things that we're trying
to do with some of the positions—related back to those of you on the
Finance Committee who heard me talk about the fire alarm problem that we
                                                                      Page 41 of 107
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcropt: 5/31/16
