                          TRANSCRIPT
terms of our current law is yes. I think you're asking perhaps a more
complex question about understanding the history and development of the
Assessment District. That might be an item where we do need to come back
with a longer briefing for the Council. It's fairly complex.

Council Member Schmid: I guess it's complex, but it deals with the issue of
how many spaces are requested now and might be requested in the future.
As we have a dynamic Downtown, there will be future requests for these
"parking rights" that are well beyond the boundaries of space available.

Ms. Stump: I'm sorry. Was there a question there?

Council Member Schmid: I'm concerned with next year and the year after
when we're trying to reduce the number of parking spaces, will we be
confronted with the issue of having to approve a series of "parking spaces"
by right?

Ms. Stump: As I understand your question, it arises when there's a new
development that is larger or more dense than the existing. These are not
new requests. These are a continuation of allocations that have been made
going back many years. Your concern is that, as I understand it, the total
does not match up with the actual built spaces. That's not a new problem, if
you will; it's a structural issue that results from the way that the bonds were
sold (crosstalk).

Council Member Schmid: I assume it's one of the reasons we're here
tonight. Over the last decade, that growth has taken place and pushed
more cars into the neighborhood. Does our current legal code structure
mean that we will be pushing more into the neighborhood in coming years?

Ms. Stump: I think what makes sense at this point, because this item is
noticed for Downtown RPP, is for us to note this issue. You've raised it a
number of times. We've provided a variety of information. It might be that
we need to do a more complete briefing for the Council on the Downtown
Assessment District, but we're not prepared to do that tonight, and it also
isn't appropriate in terms of what's been noticed.

Council Member Schmid: I understanding that. I'm just concerned as we
move to Phase Two, are we creating a bigger problem while (crosstalk).

Ms. Stump: Phase Two certainly does not create that problem. The issue is
related to additional commercial development in the Downtown.

Council Member Schmid: Any other comments? Council Member Filseth.


                                                                         Page 62 of 66
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/23/16
