                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Two last things if you would please. You've
known me long enough to know that open space is really important. I don't
want to get into a nit, but I'd like you to be thinking about these things.
Open space as a part of affordable units is really important to quality of life
for the people who are living there. Has that kind of been more integrated
into your design model?

Ms. Gonzalez: Yes. We always want to add open space and community
spaces, because our goal is to have our residents integrate with the general
community. We provide services, a community room. Oftentimes we like to
open the community room up to landscaping and picnic areas.              We'll
definitely take note; we know that that's really important, the open spaces.

Council Member Holman: This question may be for you, Candace, or maybe
more likely for Planning Director Gitelman. When I was back on the
Planning Commission, a long time ago, one of the things that we were
looking at when doing the Zoning Ordinance update was to create an
affordable housing overlay. If we're looking at—I'm not recommending
either one of these, just looking at what's feasible, get them out there. If
we're looking at lifting the Planning Community (PC) hiatus for affordable
housing projects only versus doing an affordable housing zoning, how long
would an affordable housing zoning approximately take, do you think?
Crafting that.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. We do have the Pedestrian
Transit Oriented Development (PTOD), as you know, which is a form of—it's
an overlay zone. It's not specific to affordable housing, but it's about
housing and transit-oriented development areas. There are some incentives
included in that for affordable housing. We do have some tools available to
us. To create a new overlay zone that was specific to affordable housing and
that could be used in other parts of the City would take some time to work
with the Council on the parameters that they wanted to pursue, draft an
Ordinance, take it to PTC, back to Council for two readings. It's not an
insignificant amount of work, but it's something that we could certainly
program in the new year.

Council Member Holman: Could it be a year or you think more?

Ms. Gitelman: It could be accomplished in less than a year. It just would
depend on other priorities, workload, Staff availability.

Council Member Holman: Thank you all very much.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

                                                                        Page 11 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 10/24/16
