                         TRANSCRIPT
Resuscitation (CPR). The quicker that citizens can initiate compressions only
on the chest, the data shows that survival rates go up significantly, whether
that's first responders or citizens. If you recall, with the PulsePoint App
citizens can actually get alerted if they're within an eighth of a mile to a
public location where somebody needs CPR.             The next link is early
defibrillation, whether it's one of these Automated External Defibrillators
(AEDs) that you, through your budget, have supported in the community. I
believe we're approaching 100 AEDs out in the community that the City has
purchased. In cooperation with Racing Hearts and Stephanie Martinson,
we've identified hundreds of other AEDs in the community that are all logged
into the community. Not only do we get an alert that CPR is needed but also
AEDs.      The last link is where our Public Safety folks come in, our
paramedics, and that's early advanced cardiac life support. We have two
events that we want to share with you this evening where all four of these
links saved two lives. The first one I'm going to read to you is on
April 22nd, 2016 Engine 62 and Medic 62 and the Palo Alto Police were
dispatched to a cardiac arrest at the FedEx store on California Avenue. Upon
arrival, they found the patient lying on the floor, unconscious, unresponsive,
pulseless and non-breathing. A bystander, Laura Lu, was performing good-
quality CPR along with the members of the Palo Alto Police Department, who
had arrived before the Fire Department. Engine 62 crew with assistance
from the Palo Alto Police Department took over compressions. A defibrillator
was used on scene several times, and the firefighter/paramedics also
delivered cardiac medications that advanced life support. The patient was
transferred via ambulance to Stanford University Hospital. The gentleman
who suffered the cardiac arrest, I believe he's either on his way or is here
this evening. The first time the patient and the rescuer met, the rescuer
didn't even know that the patient had survived. I'm going to introduce the
crew and the bystander. See if they've all arrived here. Is Laura Lu here?
No Laura. How about Larry Norrington [phonetic]? Is Larry here? We'll
bring the crew down. Palo Alto Police Officers, when you come up, would
you please stand over to my left. Officer Enberg, Sergeant Afanasiev,
Officer George Pons, Officer Erin Goddell, Public Safety Dispatcher Stephanie
Haynes, and Public Safety Dispatcher Marissa Vinbibber not here. From the
Fire Department, Fire Captain Jesse Aguilar, Apparatus Operator Tami Jasso,
Firefighter/Paramedics Nate Heydorff, Aaron Craine and Adam King. Next,
I'm going to turn it over to Chief Burns to talk about the second cardiac
arrest save. These two occurred less than 1 month apart this year. Chief.

Dennis Burns, Police Chief: Thank you. If you guys could just stand by,
we're going to have the Mayor come down and present you with a
certificate. We're going to take some photos, and then we'll excuse you all.
Good evening, members of the Council. Thanks so much for allowing us to
present tonight. I know that AEDs are a big issue for the Council. I know
                                                                         Page 2 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
