                          TRANSCRIPT
opposed to trying to put it in an amendment to this motion tonight. I want
to ask Staff's opinion on that.

Mr. Keene: We agree with you. I also take the opportunity to say that I
think the overall way you've framed it, we agree with. This is still going to
be an iterative process with the Council. We're going to come back with this
assignment with stuff you like and stuff you don't like. I think it will be
clearer than where you are right now. You'll be in a position to go shopping
or mix and match in the way that you want to do it.

Council Member Filseth: I didn't really want to have to make choices.
Sorry, just kidding. Go ahead.

Mr. Keene: The discussion that we have in March will help inform that dialog
too as it relates to the housing component.

Council Member Filseth: In that case, I will not make an amendment. I'll
cede the floor. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I think we've come a long way. I don't disagree
with Jim. There are a couple of things that I want to say in general and
some history data. I don't know if we can turn back the sands of time. I'm
not sure we can do that. Maybe we can stay in place. If we are going to
talk about housing, as I look at it—Staff, I'm going to ask you this to nod
and smile or something. I see that in 2000 we had about 26,000 units.
Fifteen years later, we had about 29,000. In that length of time, our
population went from 15,000 to 65,000. Is that right?

Mayor Burt: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: 55 to 65, did I say it the other way around? In that
length of time what happened is that some locations came up because our
economy was really in the dumps. We are making decisions about the next
Comp Plan in an economy we have not seen probably every in this Valley.
It's kind of like we're buying a new house, and both have fabulous jobs and
we're both making lots of money. We say, "We really can afford that $2
million house."

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Kniss: I was just thinking where would that $2 million
house be? It wouldn't be here. It might be some place around us.
(crosstalk). Sunnyvale. If we really are talking about adding housing,

                                                                       Page 69 of 88
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/22/16
