                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. What I wanted to explore, which seems to me
to be a problem, is that conceptually we get to 61 percent. What we talked
about really was a head tax. When we ran that, it was at what? 57?

Mr. Metz: Right.

Vice Mayor Scharff:     You didn't do—when I look at the exchange of
messaging, it goes from 67 on the concept vote to 61 which is six. If we lost
the equivalent six percent on the head tax, we're down to 51, which strikes
me as you're not really over 50 percent. I wanted you to address that point,
because we obviously have to go with a mechanism (crosstalk).

Mr. Metz:   Let me just clarify, Vice Mayor.       After we introduced the
mechanism in that second vote, the follow-up questions were also about the
head tax. Once we introduced it, all the follow-up questions repeated it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are you telling me that—when we look at this total yes,
are you saying that it gets up to 61 percent for the head tax?

Mr. Metz: Correct, yeah.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Even though somewhere on here it shows total yes at
57 percent.

Mr. Metz: Right. We start at 67 when we just say a tax on business with no
mechanism. When we introduce the notion that it's a head tax with no
messaging, it drops to 57. When we have positive messaging in favor of the
head tax, it goes up to 66. When we have opposition messaging on the
head tax, it goes down to 61.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Do you feel fairly confident—what's the margin of error
there?

Mr. Metz: The margin of error for the survey overall is 4.9 percent. I would
note that even though we told people this would be a tax per employee,
because the City hadn't made any policy decisions yet, we didn't specify a
consistent amount or structure for that tax, nor did we test actual ballot
language. Obviously that degree of specificity and ballot language could all
yield different results than what we see here. Obviously this was an initial
poll to give you all a sense of where people are on the concept and whether
you thought it merited further exploration and developing some of those
specifics.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.
                                                                     Page 114 of 135
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/2/16
