                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: It's in there.

Mr. Eggleston: It's already funded.

Mayor Burt: This bridge would have that kind of lighting tracking?

Mr. Schnabel: Yeah. One of the enhancements was to include the controls
necessary to do that. It would sense somebody crossing the bridge, and
then it would improve the lighting as a means to save on energy. All the
fixtures are going to be high-efficiency LED lighting.

Mayor Burt: Are you saying that when someone's crossing, the whole bridge
lights up more or is it that the lighting tracks the person's movement?

Mr. Schnabel: We can do that. We can change the colors. We can change
the locations. We currently have an allowance for doing some of that.
Some of that will be restricted because of the blow back onto the channel,
blow back onto the glare and blow back onto the freeway and the blow back
into the …

Mayor Burt: I thought these were low-wattage LED that are directional.

Mr. Schnabel: It is, but if you start changing height—typically we try to
keep those as low as possible to limit the amount of spillage onto the
channel.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: We will now hear from members of the public. We have eight
speaker cards. You can have up to three minutes to speak. It's getting
late; if you can do it any quicker, all the better. The first speaker is Matthew
Lefkowitz, to be followed by Herb Borock.

Matthew Lefkowitz: Good evening. Thank you, Council. My name is
Matthew Lefkowitz. I'm the son of Benjamin Lefkowitz. The existing
structure on the Adobe Creek side is named for my father. It was named for
my father by Motion of this Council in December of 1989 and dedicated by
the Mayor. I'm having mind blank. I looked at the proposal. It's beautiful.
It's in keeping with my dad's idea of increased bicycle and pedestrian access
to the Baylands. I'd hate to see the work that the Council did reversed and
his name erased from the site. I don’t see his name anywhere on the new
proposals. The site's very special to my family. My father was sick when
the site was dedicated, and about a year later he died. The site's become
kind of a memorial or a monument to my father's memory more so than his
                                                                          Page 66 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/7/16
