                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think that's a very good point. There are
definitely a lot of angles we could attack this. Budgetary, there's stuff that
we could do just as a City on our own. There is stuff that we can do in
conjunction obviously with the County.          There's stuff we can do in
conjunction with nonprofits. I'm interested in an update from Staff on the
future of the Opportunity Center and the changes that they're facing with
their partners and whether that means the City will have to play a larger
role. I'm not sure what the best way to approach this is, if it means that
we—do you want a Colleagues Memo so a couple of us put something
together or do we want to say let's start looking for a time for a Study
Session? Do we start looking for time for an Action Item. I'm open to
colleagues' thoughts on this. Because it is a multi-headed hydra of a
problem, but one of pressing concern to so many people on Council and in
the community, I just think it's worth addressing.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I share your concerns about this, Council Member
Wolbach. Just so you know, it's not like nothing will be happening. A couple
or three of us have actually been in communication with the VA trying to see
if there was some possibility of some veterans homeless facility there. More
to be known or learned about that. Also just know that it won't be lost
because it's one of the items on the Healthy City Healthy Community
resolution that Council Member Kniss and I worked on so much last year and
the Council passed. It's not going to get lost.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I would underscore what Karen has just said. That
is indeed the case. Also, at the end of any day, the County really takes the
most responsibility for homeless. We should be in touch with them. We had
a very close connection for a while, that I think has probably slipped because
it's difficult to keep all these going.       I think reminding our County
connections that that is their job doesn't hurt.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I also appreciate your concern about this.
I thought we'd narrowed it to veterans homelessness where we thought we
could actually have a larger impact. I also want to remind us that when we
closed Cubberley to the homeless, basically, we put forth—maybe you could
help me out. Was it 250,000 or was it 250,000 for two years?

                                                                       Page 83 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcropt: 5/31/16
