                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Filseth: Greg, what do you think?

Council Member Schmid: I guess I'm impressed that a Tuesday afternoon
meeting drew 105 people and 50 speakers. There's concern. I think being
on top of that, sensitive to it.

Council Member Filseth: I'll accept it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace in the Motion Part D, “six” with “four.”

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Thank you to Staff. You mentioned
daily scratchers and other things. The number jumps out, 1,000 of them,
but only like ten a day or something. It's not a big deal. There's no limit on
there, is there? Should we put some kind of cap on how ...

Ms. Gitelman: At the Council's request, we did put a limit on the number of
daily permits that would be available per employee.          That is in the
Resolution. It's in Paragraph G of that same section, Section (5)(c).

Council Member Schmid:      Per employee at 3.2 million square feet, that's
9,000 employees.

Ms. Atkinson: If I can also comment. We also put the restriction that only
employees have access to the daily permits. Right now, employers do still
have access for visitors, interviewees, meetings, etc. Part of the limit has
already been recommended by removing employer access to daily scratchers
and just having them for employees who have RPP accounts.

Council Member Schmid: Suppose one day the word gets out the only way
to park is buy these, and you have 500 applications in a day. Is there any
control over monitoring how many?

Ms. Gitelman: We haven't experienced real problems associated with these
permits in Phase One. We can continue to monitor that. When we come
back in four months, if there's a problem, we can do an adjustment.

Council Member Schmid: That would be a good check-in in four months. I
guess we haven't done anything about the school exemption. Do we need to
include that?

Council Member DuBois: Are you going to come back with a proposal?

Ms. Gitelman: If we want to do something for them in Phase Two, we really
have to do it now. I think it's a tough call.

                                                                        Page 54 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
