                         TRANSCRIPT
let's have that discussion. Let's not talk about 55 and 60 if what we really
mean is 100 or 120. That's all. Thanks.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I don't know where to start. I'm going to not go
through the draft line by line, in part because of the hour and because it's
going to be coming back to us anyway. I'll try and keep this relatively brief
at least by comparison. Where to start? We should be open to being
flexible. We should be open to being flexible and actually trying things,
trying things which the community says it wants, that there is broad
consensus about but which are currently difficult to do.        That means
housing. That means housing which is technically affordable or which is
attainable in cost because it's at the lower end of the market rate, not the
high end of market rate. That means being open to any opportunity to
secure new park and recreation space and opportunities in Palo Alto whether
we're buying it for $5 million for a half acre or whether somebody grants it
to the City or its part of a coordinated area plan. We should clarify that
there's a difference between a coordinated area plan and a concept area
plan. Those are not exactly the same thing. I don't think we've done 1 1/2
coordinated area plans in the lifetime of our current Comp Plan. We haven't
done any that I'm aware of.

Ms. Gitelman: SOFA I and SOFA II are our coordinated area plans.

Council Member Wolbach: Was SOFA I and II in the timespan of our current
Comp Plan? Yeah, SOFA I and SOFA II. Aside from that, that's it. What
we've done in Cal. Ave. and East Meadow Circle are not really coordinated
area plans. There's the allusion offered by a colleague on the Council
tonight that coordinated area plans sound like PCs over a bigger area. Let's
be clear. The point of a coordinated area plan is that it's a better process
than a PC. As opposed to being developer-led, it's community-led. It's the
community coming together like we did at SOFA I and SOFA II and saying
what do we want, not what does a developer want. When we decide we
want to be flexible, we want to try something different and we end up with
Heritage Park and we end up with housing and we end up with a
neighborhood that people really like, that's a positive example to point to.
It's no secret that I've long advocated getting rid of PCs, because they are a
developer-led process and aren't as responsive to community input as
coordinated area plans would be. I'm also under no illusions that if in our
Comprehensive Plan we say that coordinated area plans are a tool which we
want to be capable of using as a regular tool, like neighboring Mountain View
that was able to do three in a year, that doesn't mean that we're going to do
a bunch overnight. It means we set up an option. We say that here's a

                                                                      Page 100 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
