                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Garber: Thank you. Elaine, Hamilton, Adrian, Don and then Amy.

Elaine Uang, CAC Member:          Good evening.      Thank you so much for
preserving this discussion and this forum. My name is Elaine Uang. I am a
resident of Downtown North. I am an architect by training, and I am still
practicing. I also have two very young kids. I think the first time I came to
Council and I addressed this body, I was very pregnant a couple of years
ago. She's now two. I'm really enjoying this process. I'm actually wishing
it would happen a little bit more quickly, but we are operating in the
constraints that we're operating in. I hope that this room is also a safe
space, as Dan started his comments with, for us to share ideas and to
acknowledge differences of opinion. I want to start off by just sharing a
couple of high-level thoughts on the content primarily. I'm really glad that
Bob mentioned the definitions of sustainability. To your question, Mayor
Burt, I think that the nexus between the Sustainability and Climate Action
Plan that you will probably hear more about and the Comp. Plan is a really
important one. To your specific question about whether it should be a
separate element, I think if there's a Sustainability and Climate Action Plan,
that in essence serves as sort of a guidepost, but I would love to see and we
are in our discussions putting sustainability across the board, linking them to
Community Services and facilities to transportation and to hopefully land use
when we get to that. I do see so far we've been stretching the sustainability
tentacles, even if our Sustainability Subcommittee hasn't been meeting
regularly yet. I also am glad Bob mentioned the financial health. I think
one thing that's not clear to me, again, is this sort of financial—how do the
City finances work, what do we need to help craft this document so that we
maintain our excellence and the services and the financial health of the City
or maybe not health. It's not been clear to the body as a whole how we
operate and how we should continue to think about operating. Bonnie
mentioned we're assuming that the sky's the limit when it comes to the
checkbook. That's not obviously how it's going to be in reality, but it's not a
data point or a thought process that, I think, is woven into this process yet
which may to some degree be helpful, however that can be helpful. Another
thing that's really come to the forefront is data-driven planning. I think a lot
of people have expressed enthusiasm for this.           I think many of you
expressed some enthusiasm for this. I don't think that that's quite coming
true yet. We have a lot of pieces of information. I'm not entirely sure that
we are operating on the right ones. Just a couple of things that stand out
for me. I think we're not even clear ourselves on the demographics of our
City. Do we know how many renters? We know broadly across the City
what the distribution of renters are, but neighborhood by neighborhood.
Nextdoor actually has some very good data, but it's not been made part of
the existing conditions data. There are some neighborhoods that have much
higher home ownerships, some neighborhoods that have much higher
                                                                             Page 63 of 107
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
