                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: If we make that a true goal that everyone is in an
electric vehicle by a certain length of time, which certainly has some merit to
it, then I would also say by the time we get there, which might be five to 10
years, there may be something absolutely new in the transportation world.
I've heard Vice Mayor Scharff any number of times say he intends to be
jumping in an automatic vehicle by 2025 and taken wherever he's going to
go or maybe he's jumping in an Uber. Some of these areas where we're
concentrating, which are certainly very tempting, but I think there's going to
be change. One of the things I'd like to see woven into this is that
opportunity for change as well. You may feel it's really woven into this, but I
think earlier when Professor Heck spoke to us, he was kind of doing the
brave new world but not attempting again to build any cost into it. Let's
think of tomorrow morning. We say, "Everyone, we now need you to
electrify your residential water heating." I have a feeling that we'd probably
get some pushback on that. My comment would be—you're free to comment
back on it—somewhere in here is some other kind of cost. Maybe it's a
political cost. Maybe it's an actual cost. Somewhere in this is something
that I think we're missing in the piece of having our residents actually switch
to this and figuring out what the real cost is that's under all this. Having
said all that, I don't in any way not support it. I'm still driving my Prius. I
haven't yet gone to that EV. I'm thinking carefully about that before I go
that next step. I don't want to be like someone was yesterday, searching all
over to find a charging station before he could leave town. Some of this is
my saying let's look at some of the reality of it as well as what we'd really
like to have.

Mr. Friend: I think you're raising a number of perspectives on the kind of
interconnection of these issues, which is exactly what we need to consider.
Let me respond to a couple of things. In the case of heat pump water
heaters, electrification of water heating, we are bound by law in all of our
electrification analysis that we're undertaking now for you to look at cost
effectiveness. Heat pump water heaters we have determined are cost
effective today, so that's the first element that we're pursuing.
Electrification of space heating is not yet cost effective given current
technologies and prices. That's being studied but not staged for immediate
activity. In the case of EVs, when my friends ask me what kind of EV should
they buy, I tell them don't buy one. Don't buy a car if you don't absolutely
need one. Use this as your car. If you need a car, then there's an EV. As
we know, last year they were much more expensive. Next year, they're not
going to be. Chevy is coming out with a $35,000, 200-mile range vehicle.
You'll continue to see those improvements in price and performance. You
may remember there was a slide in the deck yesterday showing this radical
drop in pricing for photovoltaics, batteries, electric vehicles, and so forth.
That's part of the puzzle. The charging infrastructure is a real issue that we
                                                                        Page 76 of 113
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 1/25/16
