                          TRANSCRIPT
Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions. We
have the ones at our places. Do we need to announce how those differed
from the previous? No.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: We next have City Manager Comments. Mr. City Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. We
thought we'd make this a little bit more like Broadway. I only have two
things to report, both of them just kind of in the "nice to know" category.
First of all, it's time for our folks to get the Scoop. The new Downtown
Transportation Management Association, the TMA, which the City is a
member of as an employer, is partnering with Scoop, a mobile carpooling
app, to sponsor commutes to Downtown Palo Alto for just $1 per ride. The
Scoop program started in Palo Alto on April 4th, and is available on Android
or iPhone to book a ride one-way at a time. The app is flexible. Some
people book ahead if they have a set schedule; others book as little as 15-30
minutes ahead of when they need a ride. The interesting thing about this
program is there is a guaranteed ride home for employees if a rideshare
match isn't available. Every Downtown employee, not just our employees, is
eligible for the $1 ride program. The City is in the process of trying to work
out an agreement so that all of our employees would be eligible for the $1
ride. We have a bunch of folks at the Municipal Service Center on East
Bayshore and other locations in town. The latest in our efforts to test out
how we could reduce single occupant vehicle trips.            Just a note that
April 30th is the Great Race for Saving Water. The City is teaming up once
again this year with the Tuolumne River Trust and other community groups
for the Great Race for Saving Water. A 5K fun run and walk will be held
Saturday, April 30th, at 9:00 A.M. It begins at the Baylands Athletic Center
and, of course, runs down through our beautiful Baylands area. The goal of
the event is to raise awareness about water resources and conservation.
There will be lots of fun things to do, Earth Day activities from local water
agencies, local nonprofits, businesses and environmental organizations.
More than 350 adults and kids of all ages turned out when we last did the
race in 2014, so now's the time to register and run. Go to the City's
webpage for details. I'll go ahead and run in this again. There's always a
nice start to the race, because there is actually a person dressed up in a
toilet outfit, and the goal is to actually catch the running toilet as part of the
race. That looks like all I have to report. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

                                                                             Page 4 of 78
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/11/16
