                          TRANSCRIPT
Just briefly, looking back, I think last year we had a lot of great
accomplishments. We moved the ball forward on all of our Priorities. Again, I
would support keeping these Priorities and keeping that momentum going. This
idea of kind of values versus Priorities, again, I'm happy to keep the Priorities
as is. I see sustainability and to a degree Healthy Cities as core values. I think
when we talk about projects, we can almost start to prioritize our Priorities and
prioritize them in terms of how much of our Staff time is invested versus how
much of our Council time is invested. For me, I think Comp Plan and the Built
Environment would be the top Priorities. I have a lot of policy questions for
Council. Infrastructure to me should remain a Priority, but that's almost a
minor Priority in that, again, it's going to involve a lot of Staff time, less policy
time. Healthy Cities for me—again, it's almost like sustainability. I'd like to see
us start to weave that into other projects incrementally, maybe it's not as much
Staff time, but we're considering it while we do work. I mean, I think there are
a few separate projects there. The one I'm struggling with is kind of this idea
of long-term financial stability. I almost want that to be a Priority but, again, I
think it's maybe something we just have as a value, and we work it into a lot of
the work we're doing. I think it's going to require more and more of our
attention. When we get to the projects, I do have some clarification questions
about some of those projects. Again, I'd support strongly keeping these as four
Priorities.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: I think it's not going to be tremendously detailed, but
Council's role is vision, policy and oversight. I think as we approach this, we
need to keep that frame of reference, and I think we are and so forth. I think
the four Priorities we had from last year, these are not things that change
radically from year to year. I think they still make sense to keep going down.
Although, I think the Vice Mayor has had an interesting suggestion which let me
come back to in a minute. A couple of things. First of all, the list of 64
projects, 69 or whatever it is, I found that tremendously helpful to think about
this kind of stuff. It gives you a real concrete feel for the kind of things we're
talking about. That being said, I want to make—I think we're not going to do
this. I don't think the Council should be in the business of saying this one is
Priority Number 37 and that one's Priority Number 38. I think the Council
needs to be higher level than that. Having these in front of us is tremendously
helpful to think about that kind of thing. I think what most people in our
community care about the most from their government is first of all basic City
services. Toilets flush, the lights stay on, the Fire Department shows up when
the house is burning down. I would add to that list there is a healthy, best in
class, state of the art school system as well, which is less of an issue for this
particular piece of government, but I think it's at the top of everybody's list. I
would argue that traffic has actually reached such a point that it actually is on
                                                                            Page 35 of 86
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 01/30/16
