                          TRANSCRIPT
Esther Nigenda: Good evening and congratulations to the new Mayor and
Vice Mayor. We'll just show the short video for the silent piler which should,
we hope, be an alternative method. Instead of dewatering, we could use
this. [Video shown] I'm glad I didn't have to explain that personally. It
looks like this could be useful instead of dewatering to build basements.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I should say that we won't be accepting any more speaker
cards after this time. Our next speaker is Rita Vrhel, to be followed by Rene
Wood.

Rita Vrhel: Good evening and congratulations to the new Mayor and Vice
Mayor. It was wonderful working with you, Mayor Holman. I would like to
clarify that savepaloaltosgroundwater.org is not against building residential
basements.       Our focus remains on dewatering and the treatment of
community groundwater as a vital resource, not as construction waste. The
Policy and Services Committee voted unanimously—we thank you—to send
this issue of dewatering to the full City Council for a discussion. The
Department of Public Works will present a three-tiered approach including
formulation of a site-specific plan for any property issued a dewatering
permit.     We ask the City Council to direct Staff to include in their
recommendations the following. I will be giving you each a little information
on this.      Number one, all community groundwater removed during
construction shall be directed and/or reused. Number two, all extracted
groundwater shall be metered. This will provide, for the first time, an
accurate measurement of the amount of pumped groundwater. Number
three, during dewatering the amount of permitted groundwater extraction
shall not exceed a volume equivalent to water covering the lot to a depth of
5 feet. Mr. Bennett will be sending you additional information regarding the
calculation of this amount. Previously, as you know, pumping could continue
for six months, and the amount of groundwater extraction was unlimited.
Number four, the dewatering process shall be limited to one month, not six.
Best construction practices specifically having all contractors and
subcontractors sequentially scheduled should reduce excessive dewatering.
Members of the public came forward during the Policy and Services
Committee meeting and indicated this was possible.            Number five, a
basement design which does not impede the flow of water through the
surrounding soils especially during normal or exceptional rainfall shall be
part of all site-specific plans. In addition, we request the City Council apply
the same planning and review requirements to all basement construction
requiring dewatering that apply to a two-story home. Application of the FAR
and limiting basement depth as previously discussed could be helpful.
Members of savepaloaltosgroundwater.org look forward to continuing our

                                                                         Page 21 of 23
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/4/16
