                          TRANSCRIPT
our quality of life for these major employers and developers. Fanciful
suppositions of how impacts can be mitigated have created a real credibility
problem. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.     Jeff Levinsky to be followed by Arthur Keller.
Welcome.

Jeff Levinsky: Good evening Mayor Burt and Council Members. The DEIR
clearly shows what many have said, namely that our City is looking at a very
bleak future. In our endless pursuit of more, more, more, we've become
growth-aholics in denial of how we are destroying ourselves, our City, our
neighboring communities and our environment. We're so addicted to growth
we can't see how it is robbing us of what made Palo Alto great. There's
much talk tonight about the job/housing imbalance, but that imbalance isn't
really the cause or solution to traffic. As I think you heard, we could have
more housing, you can have more jobs, and you'll still get more traffic. It's
really a distraction from the more important issues. Our City needs bold
solutions, ones that significantly reduce our traffic congestion and our
parking shortages. Timid steps won't help. The beauty contest for office
space, though intended to encourage novel approaches, hasn't generated a
single project that will actually reduce traffic. From where then will change
come? It needs to come from you. Please take this moment to articulate
new, far-reaching, creative strategies that will deliver true relief. There is no
better time because your actions tonight will flow through the
Comprehensive Plan discussions and become the laws that govern us for
many years beyond. Consider requiring that all commercial development
actually reduce traffic, parking and greenhouse gases. Mandate independent
verification to guarantee compliance. Establish ongoing reduction goals for
Staff, Commissioners and the press to monitor. Ratchet up requirements
automatically if targets aren't met. With steps like these, you'll finally have
a fifth scenario worth studying, because it will be worth achieving. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Arthur Keller to be followed by Neilson Buchanan.
Welcome.

Arthur Keller: Thank you, Mr. Mayor and Council Members. Firstly, people
talk about a jobs/housing ratio. It's really a jobs/housing/transportation
triangle. In terms of the people who work here, the historical figures show
that about a third of the people who live in Palo Alto who are employed work
in Palo Alto. Just over half of the people who live in Palo Alto work in Palo
Alto or an adjacent city including Stanford. Therefore, there will be people
who we add to Palo Alto in these new housing that work elsewhere. We
need to make sure that transportation solves their problems as well as

                                                                          Page 41 of 88
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/22/16
