                         TRANSCRIPT
measuring all the responses, putting together the panels that are going to
look at all the tools. The next piece that makes the number a little different
is we're going to be doing some very detailed work on looking at the next
generation of utility software both for customer billing, the customer
experience when they go online and work with us or they call in and get
help. In addition, we will for the first time need technology or services that
support our electrical smart grid strategy. Not only is there the elicitation
requirements, the development of RFPs, the selection of processes, the
identification of solutions, there's this assessment of managed services too,
and there's the new Utilities piece. I think it is a good price for the volume
of work that we're going to engage in. Again my Utilities colleagues are here
if you have specific questions on their part which is a sizable piece.

Council Member DuBois: I misspoke. I said 250. I guess it's 359, right?

Mr. Reichental: At 350, 70,000 is contingency. It's late 200, but hopefully
we don't have to (crosstalk).

Council Member DuBois: This is mission critical software, but I'd love to see
us do it for less if we can. Thank you.

Mr. Reichental: Good questions.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Yes, just a couple of questions. First off, I would
concur with the question by Council Member DuBois about the cost of it. It
does seem like a lot of money. Any opportunities to shave that, I'm sure will
be forthcoming. A couple or three questions. I didn't really see them
addressed in the minutes. One was while we're looking at a new system,
are we also looking at new internal architecture and systems? Sometimes,
like with the result of audits or some inquiries that Council Members would
make, it seemed like one of the problems with SAP was the Staff wasn't
being trained on SAP. We weren't taking advantage of systems that were
really going to help the City make decisions. Is that also going to be
addressed while you're doing this search for what the next best is or are you
also going to be looking at the Staff training and the Staff internal
programs?

Mr. Reichental: That's a super question. Two sort of thoughts that come to
my mind as I think about it. One is we fully document end-to-end processes
as a City. It does give us a chance to get better at that and actually
question whether we should be doing it the way we're doing it. I think that
also helps us answer the question whether somebody else can do it better
than us. That's the managed services piece. The second way I would think
                                                                          Page 9 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
