                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: I guess I would answer that by directing your attention to Packet
Page 186. At the top of that page, those are the conditions—excuse me—
those are the findings that need to be made to approve the project and to
impose some conditions. If a condition that you were contemplating was
necessary to satisfy one of those findings, then that would be appropriate to
do so. There would need to be that nexus there, though.

Council Member Holman: None of those conditions require the construction
of the additional unit. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Right. These aren't conditions so much as the findings to approve
it.

Council Member Holman: It wouldn't be a finding that we'd have to make.
Could we approve a subdivision based on conditions?

Mr. Lait: You absolutely …

Council Member Holman: Would it have to be a finding?

Mr. Lait: You absolutely could approve the map with conditions. In fact,
we're proposing a list of conditions. Conditions that you impose need to
relate to the findings. There needs to be that connection. I'll look to our
legal folks here to provide substance to this. I would say that for other
single-family zoned properties we don't have that requirement of adding
additional units. We do have just the standard—our Code has one dwelling
unit as the maximum unit size or unit density. We do have the provision, of
course, for ADUs.

Council Member Holman: This is a discretionary action, so it seems like we
would have that latitude. Maybe that's a question for City Attorney.

Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City Attorney: Thank you. Cara Silver, Senior
Assistant City Attorney. You certainly have discretion to impose conditions
in order to help you make the required findings. One of the findings that
needs to be made to approve this project is that the development will not be
detrimental to the public welfare or injurious to other property in the—it
uses the word "territory,"—in which the property is situated. If you can
make a finding that there are second units or accessory dwelling units in the
area and that this particular neighborhood depends on the mixture of
accessory dwelling units, then you might be able to condition it upon that. I
think it's a rather difficult condition given the record that we have so far to
impose.



                                                                         Page 17 of 56
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/14/16
