                         TRANSCRIPT
feet. The only possible segment of the hybrid route that bikes could use is
the two block segment from Ross to Louis.             That's along the creek
maintenance road. The odd and costly bits and pieces of proposed path
options cannot be landscaped, cannot be lit. It just is a very costly way to
think about this. It has no benefit to Midtown. It's a fully built-out
neighborhood, sidewalks everywhere, safe for bikes. Creating a public path
immediately adjacent to all the private homes is a serious invasion of
privacy. It's not just about looking into your backyard; it's about the noise
and hundreds of people going by. I want to point out at that same
November 9th meeting, the City Council voted unanimously to approve a
second-story overlay to protect a neighborhood from the invasion of privacy
for second stories being built on houses adjacent to their property. It's time
for the City Council to return the $1.5 million to the County and request that
the money be allocated to a deserving project.

Mayor Burt: If we can—as members of the public, what we want to do is
create an environment where people on all sides of issues feel safe and
comfortable. We try to discourage applause or booing. Our next speaker is
Mike Nolan. Thank you.

Mike Nolan: Hi. Thanks for the time. I'm a little confused about exactly
what just happened here. I think I'm here to throw my support behind what
the City Staff has recommended. I've been really involved with this. I've
paid a lot of attention to it over the last two years. Every chance I've got,
I've asked City Staff, I've asked the consultants what the purpose of this
project is. Frankly, I've never gotten a very good answer. Is it a connector
project? No, it can't really be a connector project because we haven't, until
maybe now, really known what it's going to connect to. Is it something
that's going to get bicycles and pedestrians faster from east to west? No,
it's not. It's not really safe. As you can see up there, it's this hybrid of
zigzag segments of paths, some of which are multiuse, some of which aren't.
It really makes no sense getting anybody from east to west. If I understand
what the Staff just recommended, the focus on the endpoints and that
section which, I think, is Sections D, E and F, maybe that does make sense
because it will connect bikes and people faster through that section of the
trail. I'm not sure. Council Member Kniss' comments, I do live next to the
creek. I've lived there since 1978. We've gone through lots of construction
in there. During the last major construction phase, where they raised the
level of the channel, they redid the bridges and they redid the fences. Ever
since they've done that, we don't have any homeless people living
underneath the bridge. The graffiti has kind of gone away. Teenagers don't
hang out there at night. I can assure that if it's open even nominally, those
are all going to return, at least the graffiti and the teenagers hanging out
                                                                       Page 35 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
