                           TRANSCRIPT
there between that home and the building that you're talking about. I think
there's probably different ways to try to address that. The applicant's put
forth a model for you here tonight.

Council Member Filseth: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: That concludes our question period.           We now hear from the
applicant followed by the appellant.

Mr. Lait: I think it's appellant, applicant, appellant.

Mayor Burt: I'll take guidance on that.

Ms. Silver: Your rules don't specify which one. It may make sense to hear
from the applicant first and then the appellant and then ...

Mayor Burt: Ten minutes?

Ms. Silver: Ten minutes. And then both appellant and applicant get a three-
minute rebuttal.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Mr. Hayes, you have up to ten minutes to speak on
behalf of the applicant.

Public Hearing opened at 7:47 P.M.

Ken Hayes, Hayes Group Architects: Good evening, Mayor Burt, members of
the Council. I'm Ken Hayes with Hayes Group Architects. I'll be responding
to the appeal tonight on behalf of my client, Brad Ehikian. Two parcels are
proposed to be merged to form a 15,000-square-foot site. The parcel here
has the historic resource on it. The red line goes away. That is the property
line. 437 Lytton has a two-story office building on it of about 7,400 square
feet and a surface parking lot with 25 parking spaces. Here's your zoning
diagram. You've got the medium-density residential behind. To the west
you have CDC. Across the street is a parking lot, public facility. This is all
RM-30, and then CDC again occurs here.           We first became aware of
Mr. Leung's, one of the appellants, concerns at the major Architectural
Review Board (ARB) hearing in February of this year. After the approval of
the project in March, we reached out to him to meet and discuss and offer
changes to address his concerns. We'd like to resolve it that way. We did
meet and thought we had made some progress; however, this appeal was
filed later. The main concerns of the appellant are garage access on Kipling,
second-floor terrace windows, compatibility, and lack of onsite loading
space. Let me address them one by one. This is the diagram of Lytton
Avenue. Lytton's right here. Nearly every commercial project on Lytton

                                                                          Page 33 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
