                         TRANSCRIPT
There are a lot of aspects to it. Maybe there ought to be a little bit of a
discussion about that, because it incorporates many things, the grand
boulevard initiative does. If there's a way to provide some clarity around
that, that would be good too. It was promised to us, that we would be
looking at that in the Comp. Plan. That's why it was deferred. I think that's
it. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I wanted to thank you for the updated schedule,
which I think came out separately. I promptly left it at home. If colleagues
are interested, I think there's been some interest in seeing this Element
after we see the Land Use Element. I don't know if there's time like mid
next summer before the final Elements come out. I don't know if you need a
Motion for that. I'd certainly be interested in seeing all these edits come
back.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you. I don't know that we need a Motion. I think this
schedule has been a work in progress. We're going to need to think about a
number of things. We can certainly accommodate the request to see this
again after November.

Council Member DuBois:    I think see transportation and land use together
after one more pass.

Ms. Gitelman: Let us see how we can work that in. We've also—just so the
Council's aware—had a request from some Planning Commissioners to move
up some of their review of the Element. We're a little overwhelmed in terms
of all of the CAC meetings and subcommittee meetings to start going
multiple times to the Council and multiple times to the Planning Commission.
We're going to hit overload. We're going to take another look at this, and
we'll consider it in another round of review with land use and transportation
for the Council.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I think that concludes our discussion of this item tonight.
Thank you all very much. Hopefully we're moving forward. Thank you.

NO ACTION TAKEN

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

Mayor Burt: Our final items are Intergovernmental Legislative Affairs.            I
don't think we have any updates there.

                                                                     Page 118 of 120
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/19/16
