                         TRANSCRIPT
heard it mentioned for a good while. I'm almost through here. I guess the
last couple of comments that I would make here. This is a Study Session, so
I don't know how you're going to go away from this with any kind of
direction. That's my concern I always have about Study Sessions. It's like if
Staff goes away with do you pick this from this person, this from that
person, if it seems like other people agree with that. I think it's very dicey
for Staff. I think it puts Staff in a very awkward position. I think for there
to be action taken, it should be an Action Item. You're asking us to take a
very big gulp here. While I'm certainly in favor of reducing our carbon
footprint as a community, I think there's more information that needs to
come forward, and we need to take bites that we can understand and digest.
It seems to be a bit of a rush forward. It's a commendable goal, but I have
some concerns about unintended consequences. Certainly I want us to look
at whatever we do in a holistic manner as examples that I've given. We
need to know what left hand and right hand are doing at the same time.
That's a lot to put out there. If you have any comments, I'd appreciate that.

Mayor Burt: Gil, can I weigh in on just a couple of things to help frame for
the Council before Council Member Schmid goes in? First, we call it a
waterfall graph, but it goes upward. It's more of a mountain climbing one.
In any event, these are not expenditures; these are reductions. It still may
follow that they expand bicycle infrastructure. That's not the expenditure on
that. That's the impact. I would agree with you that we can have a greater
impact on that, and maybe that one is underestimated.             I just want
everybody to understand what the graph is about. In the concept, for
instance, we do have a significant impact from, for instance, Zero Waste.
The construction is a subset of that. I just wanted people to understand
what's in that. The other thing that I'd like you to speak to briefly, Gil, is
one we said we were going to hit and didn't. That is our tentative process
going forward. Council Member Holman was concerned about this being a
Study Session rather than an action session.         Let's briefly talk about
tentative thoughts. This may go into Council input on process that we want
going forward. Why don't you share briefly on that as well?

Mr. Friend: Would you like to address that right now or talk more about the
substantive comments and then come back to that as a closure?

Mayor Burt:    Let's start with the process, because that kind of informs
everyone.

Mr. Friend: The assumption that we've been operating with is that we would
do a series of Study Sessions with you on specific topics to give you the
opportunity to go as deep as you want into the technical and strategic and
economic details of the things that we're putting forward. At some point in

                                                                       Page 69 of 113
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/25/16
