                          TRANSCRIPT
years. In its truest sense, climate action is about a sustainable climate. It's
really a major, highly important subset of sustainability but the plan, so
much of it, seems to be a Climate Action Plan and then interjected various
pieces of other sustainability. I want to ask about what is the relationship in
your mind between our Sustainability Plan and our Climate Action Plan?

Mr. Friend: I think I'd answer just the same way that you phrased it.
Sustainability is the broad, wrap-around concept; climate action is one of the
pieces, one of the elements of that. It happens to be one that is front and
center, urgent and critical right now which, I'll confess, has captured my
attention as well as that of many other people. After we spoke this morning,
I looked back through the plan. Though it gives the impression of being
focused on climate, about one-third of the pages of recommendations in
here are specifically climate focused; about two-thirds are what we'd call
more generally sustainability. I think part of the problem is that the framing
sections that I wrote, the foreword and the introduction, emphasize the
climate piece. I think we could reset the context of this and perhaps
address your concerns, while taking a closer look at the balance and seeing
out of the ten domains of action that we're looking at here, three are
specifically greenhouse gas-focused, seven are touching other issues. I
think the concern is a valid one. Let's look at how to convey that more
clearly in the next draft.

Mayor Burt: We also have in parallel this major community effort of our
Comprehensive Plan. We have a Citizen Advisory Committee as well as our
consultant task force on that. In the way that you just addressed that this is
about sustainability and, to a great degree, that's what our Comprehensive
Plan is about, designing a sustainable community, what is the process to
integrate these efforts as they're going forward on parallel paths, but not
necessarily very integrated to date?

Mr. Friend: The process, frankly, is not good enough yet. It's a bit ad hoc.
There's good intentions among all parties. I participate in the weekly
meetings of the Planning Department team with their consultants. I've
attended a number of the CAC meetings, spoken at some of them. I think
we have a challenge there. We have two, as you say, very related but
different efforts with different charters, different timeframes, different levels
of resourcing and frankly different approaches. I think one of the big
opportunities that we've already seen is an opportunity to cross-fertilize and
build awareness. If I could be specific about one example there. The first
CAC meetings that I went to about transportation, people were raising
concerns that they were familiar with and alternatives that they were
familiar with relating to parking, congestion and the like. They hadn't
encountered the mobility as a service concept. The TMA had not gotten
                                                                          Page 29 of 93
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/18/16
