                          TRANSCRIPT
best way to do that. I think Monique's team is doing a good job of trying to
analyze that. There's other alternatives that should be considered in that
too. There are now machines—the success of the Lucky Day, seven day
thing, you can actually get machines now that we could put in a shopping
center, in Town and Country for example, that would have 250 books in it
and would be available 24 hours a day and also would be a place where I
could pick up my holds and a place where I could drop off books. Does that
make sense or not should also be part of a survey that we're looking at.

Council Member Holman: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Thank you for the great report, and thanks to all of
you guys for serving. Appreciate it. I actually really like the Lucky Day
collection. I think that's a great idea of walking in. It's like you're in a book
store. You get the new books.

Vice Chair McDougall: Now we know who takes out ten at a time.

Council Member DuBois: No. It'd be great to see you start to report on use
and satisfaction of the meeting rooms. We have free conference rooms you
can reserve online. I think that's a great service for the community. I had
the same thought about hours of operation. I think in the chart you're
reporting total hours and hours per user. I'd be really interested in seeing
comparison of the range of hours of our City versus other cities. Because we
have five libraries, I think our total hours stack up very well. I'd be
interested to know are other cities staying open late in some libraries.

Vice Chair McDougall: I don't have the statistics on how much later they
stay open. We actually have 260 hours a week of open libraries. Mountain
View has 64, and Sunnyvale has 66. Monique may know the hours.

Council Member DuBois: That's what I'm saying. I don't think total hours is
the only measure. I think it's range of hours.

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: Right. Initially when we were looking at what
hours to propose, no other public library was open past 9:00 P.M. except for
the Midtown Manhattan branch, which was open until midnight. Salt Lake
City was investigating 24-hour library downtown for one library, not for
everything. They have not yet initiated that. It included partnerships with
needing police there, social workers, a medical staff, things like that in
addition to library staff. There weren't public libraries that were open
beyond 10:00 P.M. There are some that open earlier in the morning, 9:00
A.M. being the earliest that I have found.
                                                                         Page 11 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
