                          TRANSCRIPT
with a plan for more bike storage Downtown. It is low hanging fruit. We
shouldn't just talk about it.

Mr. Keene: Bike storage?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yeah, bike storage. We should do it.

Mr. Keene: That's the one thing we can do.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'm going to speak to this a little just to put it in
context. I think we should look at changing our Housing Element from the
San Antonio Road sites to Cal. Avenue and Downtown. That can be part of
the micro housing or it can be different additional sites.

Council Member DuBois: This is "D"?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yes, this is "D." I'll make that, and then I'll speak to
the Motion about why I think we should do that. I'd just say that I don't
think that precludes necessarily doing housing there in the future, but I think
we want to move forward in that direction.

Mayor Burt: To try to be expeditious, let me just take a straw poll. If
anyone has strong feelings about wanting to separate any of these into
separate votes.

Council Member Kniss: I'm fine with everything but "D."

Mayor Burt: Let's take them one at a time. I've got basically three people
over here, and I didn't even look this way. We're going to separate the
Motion into four components, some easier than others. I imagine the bike
storage will be easiest.

Mr. Keene: Clarifying questions. I don't know how in-depth you're going to
get on each one of these discussions. Even for this moment, could we be
thinking about—I don't want to say these votes as straw votes, but there are
follow-up. You may say we want Number 1, but then there are all these
questions about how much of it is for the Comp Plan versus now. We
probably would need to come back and flesh some things out in more detail.
We wouldn't walk away feeling that everything was locked in concrete.
You're pointing in a direction that you would want us to go.

Mayor Burt: Would it be acceptable to have these framed as issues that the
Council has shown an interest in pursuing these ahead of the Comp Plan and
for Staff to return with feasibility of doing so?


                                                                        Page 97 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
