                         TRANSCRIPT
whether we want to grow our population or not grow our population, saying
that if you do ...

Council Member Holman: Mayor Burt? Mayor Burt? I apologize, and I
apologize for interrupting. I do apologize, Council Member Wolbach, for
interrupting. We are not advancing our item tonight. We are making
comments that are our personal perspective and policy. We are at 10:30
P.M. We have another item yet in front of us. I don't know if the best way
to address this is—with due respect to Council Member Wolbach who I
interrupted—to try to move us forward, if we should continue our comments
on Scenarios 5 and 6 to a future date or how we want to address this. We
have a number of people here who have been waiting for the next item.

Mayor Burt: I hear you and okay. Let me just say that I agree with you. I
think colleagues have not been focused in their comments around ways that
we progress on these comments on scenarios. They've been far too much in
terms of longwinded, philosophical comments with some areas of value to
the scenarios, but we need to filter out the rest. Our alternatives are that
we continue this item or that we have focused comments, because we have
another important item before us tonight.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Why don't we do the other item and come back to this
(inaudible)?

Mayor Burt: We actually have the final conclusion of actually former Item
18.

Vice Mayor Scharff: (inaudible) voted on it.

Mayor Burt: We did vote on it. That's right. We decided it. I forgot how
we ended up. Why don't we do that? We'll suspend this item. We have
consultants here. I think if we're going to move on to the next item, we
need to determine when we can reschedule this.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible) for continuing it or any (crosstalk).

Council Member Holman: Yes.

James Keene, City Manager: Wait. You're talking about sort of suspending
it with continuing it at some future meeting, not tonight. There's no way
you can do it tonight.

Mayor Burt: When I first said suspend, I was thinking about later tonight.
Now, it's continuing.


                                                                          Page 87 of 128
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
