                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: Nope, it's been addressed.

Mayor Burt: I think that does it. Let's vote on the board.

Council Member Holman: Wait 'til it's captured.

Vice Mayor Scharff: He accepted. Did you accept it? You didn't accept it.

Council Member Wolbach: I will, but it's a matter of procedure.

Mayor Burt: We're all good to vote. Please vote on the board. That passes
unanimously with Council Member Kniss absent. Thank you, and thank you
to Environmental Volunteers for all that you've done. And your supporters.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

5.   PUBLIC HEARING: Adoption of an Emergency Ordinance Amending
     Chapters 12.32 (Water Use Regulations) and 16.14 (California Green
     Building Standards Code) of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and Adding a
     New Chapter 16.13 (Water Efficient Landscaping) to Adopt a Local
     Water Efficient Landscape Ordinance Pursuant to AB 1881 and the
     Governor’s Executive Order B-29-15.

Mayor Burt:      Our next Item is adoption of an Emergency Ordinance
amending Chapters 12.32, Water Use Regulations, and 16.14, California
Green Building Standards Code, of the Palo Alto Municipal Code and adding a
new Chapter 16.13, the Water Efficient Landscaping section, to adopt a local
Water Efficient Landscape Ordinance pursuant to State Assembly Bill (AB)
1881 and the Governor's Executive Order B-29-15. Mr. City Manager, are
you kicking this off?

James Keene, City Manager: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Let the record show that Council Member Kniss has joined us.

Peter Pirnejad, Development Services Director:      Good evening.     Peter
Pirnejad, Development Services Director, here to present the Water
Efficiency Landscape Ordinance. I know there's been some questions that
came from the community and from some Council. If it pleased the Council,
if you'd like to decide how you wanted to move forward, if you'd like me to
make the presentation first or should we address some of the questions first.
I happy to enter into a dialog before presenting the entire proposal to
Council. How would you like to proceed?

Mayor Burt: I don't think we want to go into full dialog on the substance of
the Ordinance, but I think we want to have an updated presentation on
                                                                              Page 27 of 107
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
