                          TRANSCRIPT
to let you speak, but I hope our regular speakers in the future will bring
their cards forward at the outset so we get to see how many cards there are
and determine our time and not have this strategy that seems to exist.

Ms. Munoz: I'm grateful enough that you do what you do, all of you. I'm
especially grateful for this consideration.        I feel really humble and
embarrassed to be telling you here I am, I'm nobody, and you're doing all
this work week after week, late nights, meetings, Study Sessions, all this
stuff. I feel really embarrassed telling you, you can't let Stanford tear down
all those units. You just can't do it. Stanford has the only land in the North
County, the only land in Palo Alto that is open to be built on. They can
easily build another 3,000 housing units or another 6,000 housing units.
They could put it over by the mausoleum; they could put it in the Lake
Lagunitas. There's all kinds of space that they can have. They have the
Foothills. They have all this space, and they are the only landowners who
have any space to build homes for the people who work in the Stanford
industrial park and who work in Stanford itself. You can't just give all the
money-making powers to one landowner and somebody, some other town.
They can take care of the children, they can take care of the workers.
Stanford has to house its workers. They have to house the workers from the
hospital. Particularly, right now don't let them tear down buildings that are
already there. I've been in those buildings; many of you I’m sure have
either. Graduate student housing, it's perfectly decent housing. There's
nothing wrong with it. It's kind of like Buena Vista. You've got it there, and
it's usable and it's nice. Please, please don't tear it down. It'll cost millions
to replace it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: The Clerk has informed me that we also had Sea Reddy who
put in a late card. Out of fairness, you can speak as well. He's gone. On
that note, we end Oral Communications.

Minutes Approval

2.    Approval of Action Minutes for the May 2, 2016 Council Meeting.

Mayor Burt: We move on to Approval of Minutes from May 2, 2016. Do we
have a motion to approve?

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Berman: Second.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member Berman
to approve the Action Minutes for the May 2, 2016 Council Meeting.

                                                                         Page 30 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
