                          TRANSCRIPT
San Jose where I live. In fact, 101 is so congested especially during the
week that you end up taking an early exit, usually Embarcadero if you want
to get to a Downtown area, and you drive through residential areas, past
schools, etc., so you're eventually somewhere near University Avenue. It
would be great if I could live in Palo Alto because then I could either walk to
work or I could use my bicycle, so I would not add to the parking and traffic
in Palo Alto. Also, on weekends if you want to go to San Francisco, you can
use Caltrain if you live walking distance from Caltrain, which Downtown Palo
Alto luckily is. However, when I started working in Palo Alto, I tried to find
housing, and it was just not possible. I think it would be great if there would
be more housing units. For a lot of people like me and people that I talk to,
professionals who also work in Palo Alto but don't live there, that means
market rate housing in Palo Alto. I think that would be a good thing to
actually add these units.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Smardul Vikram, to be
followed by Stephen Ehikian.

Smardul Vikram: Hi. Good evening, everyone. I'm Smardul Vikram. I'm
here to voice my support for this specific project. It specifically calls out of
addition of more residential units. As someone who works in Palo Alto but
lives somewhere else—for example, I live in San Jose as well actually. I
have to drive down here five days a week, which adds to congestion as well
as noise and traffic problems in Palo Alto. If there are more residential units
that are available here, people like that, thousands of people who work in
Downtown Palo Alto but live somewhere else, if people like me could live
here, we would basically walk to our work or bike and reduce the noise and
congestion which is present in Palo Alto. That's all. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Stephen Ehikian, I believe, to
be followed by Stephanie Munoz.

Stephen Ehikian: Thank you very much. I'm here today as a resident, as a
business owner in Palo Alto as well as the resident in 411 Lytton Avenue, the
site of the development. I can speak to each one of these. As a resident,
it's an absolute privilege to be in Palo Alto. It kind of resonates with what
the last two speakers have said. I can walk to work. I do not need a car. I
do not have a car. I actually walk wherever I go, walk to work, take the
train to San Francisco or San Jose, shop at local stores, eat at local
restaurants. Second, as a business owner, we have plenty of employees
who would love to live in this area, cannot find housing. They live outside
the area, usually not near a train station, so they do drive to work, do
require parking. They park in the streets (inaudible) adds to density and
traffic. Third, as a resident at 411 Lytton, when I wake up, when I go

                                                                          Page 41 of 90
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/15/16
