                          TRANSCRIPT
and intersecting strands that we hope will get us to the finish line—will all
get to the finish line at the same time. One strand is, of course, the City
Council's work and direction to us on the vision, goals and the critical issues
that will be developed and expressed through the planning process. The
other strand is the community process led now by the Citizens Advisory
Committee. There's a strand that's really in the Staff's domain, to prepare
the CEQA document and the behind-the-scenes work that it takes to get a
planning process like this to the end. A little more detail on each of those
strands.     As you know, the City Council to date has received the
recommendations of the Planning and Transportation Commission. After
years of work, the Commission provided you with their recommendations in
early 2014. The Council then restarted this effort to engage the community
in a wider process. Over the last year, you've provided us with your
guidance on vision and goals for each of the elements. Next up for the City
Council will be the review of the Citizens Advisory Committee's initial work
products.     I know you've already looked at the Community Services
Element. You'll have an opportunity in the coming months to look next at
transportation and then at land use. We're getting to some of the big, hairy
issues of this planning process. At the same time that the Council is
providing that leadership and direction, the Citizens Advisory Committee has
been meeting on a monthly basis with subcommittees meeting more
frequently. They are forming recommendations for policies and programs to
implement the vision and goals that the Council has articulated. Where
there is not consensus on the CAC, they are developing options for the
Council's consideration when the elements come back to them. That's
something the subcommittees are working hard to do. The subcommittees
will then bring their work to the full CAC, and the full CAC will send them to
the Council with some idea of the level of support of the various options. On
the Staff side, a big part of our work, of course, is the CEQA process. This is
a process that is really intended in California to inform good decision-
making. I think we're using it in a way that it was probably originally
intended to be used. It's gotten a little expansive over the years, but I think
it was intended to inform planning efforts in a real and tangible way. We're
trying to use it that way by analyzing several different planning—actually
four scenarios originally at an equal level of detail and, at the end of the
process, use those scenarios to inform ultimately the Council's decision on
the Comp Plan Update that you wish to enact and use in the future. Where
we are in this process. We've issued a Draft EIR; that was in early February.
We also made a draft Fiscal Study available for review, and it's on our
website. We have scheduled a hearing on the Draft EIR for June 6th. Any
comments or thoughts you have on aspects of the EIR that we don't cover
this evening, we'll look forward to getting your comments and those of the
public on that evening. The end of the public comment period is currently
June 8th. Just to talk about this EIR a little bit more. We are looking at the
                                                                        Page 52 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
