                          TRANSCRIPT
seven different options for design at that time. We had the National Golf
Foundation do an analysis of how the different designs would perform in the
golf market. It was really important information to help us make that
decision for what was then called Option G. We have since had the National
Golf Foundation update their analysis and their report, given the new time
that we're in. They've provided that report, and it's attached to the Staff
Report. What you see up on the screen is a high-level pro forma of how the
golf course is likely to perform in the current market from the National Golf
Foundation. This table assumes the lower debt that Joe was just talking
about previously. What you see at the top is the base estimate. That is
what we think will likely occur once the golf course is rebuilt. We'll lose
money for 2017, 2018 largely because we're closed and under construction.
We also have two sets of debt service through 2018 from the 1998 bonds.
They retire in 2018, and we anticipate the golf course to start generating a
net positive after 2018. As with any pro forma, it has a number of
assumptions. We asked the National Golf Foundation to do some sensitivity
analysis. What if their assumptions are wrong? Rounds don't come back up
to 71,000 rounds a year or higher, what if they only get to 61,000? What
would that look like for the General Fund? That's what you see under the
base row, the reduced rounds. We would see that there would be a subsidy
required by the General Fund to continue to operate the golf course. We
also did the same thing for reduced fees. We're assuming a 15 percent
increase in fees from 2013. If the market didn't allow for that, didn't attract
play, we could only increase fees 7 1/2 percent. This is what we would see
in terms of the bottom line of the golf course operating budget. The last one
is sort of worst case scenario, rounds don't come back and we can't increase
fees. There is increased subsidies. It's important to note that the base is
really what we think will happen. That's what the National Golf Foundation
has told us. The second page is essentially the same pro forma but with the
debt service. The difference between this one and the previous one is an
additional $70,000 in debt service for the golf course annually. The project
timeline is to hopefully award the contract this evening and get Wadsworth
out and start construction in July.         We would issue Certificates of
Participation in September-October time period and aim to be open again in
the fall, October of 2017. The City Manager asked me to talk a little bit
about why starting in July is so critical. The reason for that is we need to
time the growing of the new turf in the spring of next year or summer. If
we delay much further than now, we run the risk of not planting in time, and
we could lose a full season or year before we can reopen. Last slide here.
Just some concerns that we have and I'm sure you all have. There are
others as well. The interest rates may fluctuate. Our analysis was on
today's rates; that could change. We do have a golf course manager out on
the course, Brad Lozares.       His contract expires in 2018 as does our
maintenance contract with Valley Crest and our restaurateur. They all
                                                                        Page 96 of 116
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/20/16
