                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I noticed that there's a discussion on packet page 550,
a short thing. It says bicycle paths. The project provides extensive bicycle
paths on its site and to other sites to encourage use of bicycles rather than
single occupant vehicles. Where do those bicycle paths go?

Ms. Waugh: The bicycle paths are to provide circulation within the site, to
make it feasible for folks to bike to work and get to the building they work
in. They're not offsite bicycle paths, just connecting.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're onsite bicycle paths. Do they exist as actual
bicycle paths that are separate from a pedestrian walkway?

Ms. Gerhardt: They're extended sidewalks for pedestrians and bicycles.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They're on the sidewalk.

Ms. Gerhardt: Interior to the site, yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: In the Staff Report, there's a discussion of this spine
road. It talks a little bit about that Staff preserved the opportunity—packet
page 537—for a bike and pedestrian path that would preserve the potential
for east-west pedestrian and bicycle circulation throughout the site. That's a
separate area than the bike paths that are talked about?

Ms. Gerhardt: You'll see in the rear building, Building 3, the front side of
that, there is a pathway that goes in front of Building 3. That is the
bike/pedestrian connection that we're talking about, that could be used for
pedestrians to go through the site and potential go onto other sites.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Is there any potential right now to go onto other sites?

Ms. Gerhardt: There are not legal easements that would be required to do
that, but you could physically do it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: When the next site is redeveloped, which would be the
site adjacent to this, where you'd want those easements. Are we going to
have any ability to have that occur? I don't see anything in here that says
the leaseholder shall grant an easement or anything like that.

Ms. Gerhardt: I think that's a further discussion with the property owner.
At this time, we don't have significant impacts that would require such an
easement. We don't have policies that would require such an easement.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Could I ask Ms. Koo a question? Ms. Koo, I heard from
Machine Zone saying how happy they were to have the TDM programs. I
heard you talking about how important the TDM and you were voluntarily
                                                                        Page 62 of 94
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 1/11/16
