                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Anyone else? Tom.

Council Member DuBois: Super quick. We didn't go through the Performance
Report today. Again, I think seeing some alignment on our key metrics could,
again, keep us aligned around Priorities and keep Staff and Council focused on
things that are really actionable. Pat, you were saying there's some kind of
process where a project would come back and we'd kind of prioritize it again.
We could either push something else out or do that. I think there's another
option there. How we implement this process would be tricky. When we have
to make that tradeoff, do we push it out or do we say that we've largely
accomplished our goals and maybe it's time to end it? The difficulty there.
There could be three options.

Mayor Burt: Actually that was one of the examples that I cited, whether certain
things ...

Council Member DuBois: You think about that. We don't want to re-debate
and re-vote on all projects. I think that process ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, you might have misunderstood. It's how a project—not
whether something would be done, but how it fits in the Priority schedule or a
how a set of projects that came forward over a quarter fit in the Priority
schedule.

Council Member DuBois: Right. I'm saying there is another alternative which is
not only just fitting into the schedule, but saying that that older project is
largely done and we've accomplished what we wanted. At that point, I'm trying
to figure out how we don't re-debate and re-vote kind of every project when
we're moving things out. Just something to think about. That process of
saying we're going to put this to the side may sound to some Council Members
like we've now decided not to do it. The third thing, I think Council Member
Schmid made a good point about using the questions prior to the meeting.
Again, I think if we can use email documents in a way that's still open to the
public to disseminate information and perhaps get questions on the table, that
will help shorten our meetings. Kind of this idea of Study Sessions is kind of
analogous to these information reports we get. If maybe there was a process
of Council questions on information reports being replied to and distributed out,
again it might take time out of meetings. I think we spend a lot of time in
meetings communicating the information rather than actually deciding on what
we're going to do.

Mayor Burt:        First, I want to respond to this concern that somehow
prioritization is a revisiting of all the items. I don't know why it was construed
that way, because that's not what I described. Prioritization is that; it's how
does it fit within a broader work plan, not a revisiting of the subject. They're
                                                                         Page 73 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
