                         TRANSCRIPT
used for multi-structure parking facilities. We have two planned, one in
Downtown and one as part of the Public Safety Building in Cal. Avenue. I
did go back, and this could include those numbers. I asked our Staff to just
identify how many we have that are in the City. There are 11 in the
Downtown surface parking lots, and there are five in the California Avenue
area. I think it's important to keep that in perspective. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss has a follow-up question for you.

Council Member Kniss: One is a comment. The OBAG number that you
mentioned, the 4.6. Jim, it's probably worth mentioning that this was very
competitive and VTA. I don't know who did the grant, but they should be
commended for that. For the nine of us or so who were happy with what
happened with the results, the rest of them were not happy. There was a
good deal of discussion about that, that goes on.

Mr. Keene:     Thank you.        The credit goes to Josh Mello and the
Transportation Staff in the Planning Department, Hillary's team.

Council Member Kniss: There are many criteria and many points. The last
is there are a couple of roundabouts in town that I enjoy. The indication is
that, as you look at the sign, something will be decided by—I think it's
August or September of this year. Any idea where those are headed?

Mr. Keene: I'm not sure which ones you're talking about. There's one on
Cowper that has been kind of a little test.

Council Member Kniss: That would be the one I particularly know.

Mr. Keene: I think we'll be looking at providing the Council with some
results. We've done some survey from the community about how they feel
about it. I think we'll be doing a follow-up. I think after the new year we'll
be able to share some of those findings with you. As you would expect,
there's a division of opinion in Palo Alto on them. There are also some
alternatives as far as some slight improvements or enhancements. Mayor
Burt can appreciate this, since I think Council Member Filseth and Mayor
Burt and I were doing a bike ride through there. We identified some
adjustments that might actually make it a little more of approaching a
roundabout from a traffic circle. We'll see.

Council Member Kniss: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.



                                                                        Page 13 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
