                          TRANSCRIPT
take transit, because it's very, very expensive. Targeting the (Residential
Parking Permit) RPP holders, the low-income RPP holders initially, we
thought was offering a really good value that we would be able to measure
also very quickly. We can adapt that depending on what the utilization is.

Council Member DuBois: Again, kind of a bulk buying program where we get
a low price for everybody makes a lot of sense to me. I'm not sure what the
long-term model is to give people free passes. That just seems like it's
going pretty far. We're going to have a discussion later tonight about kind
of the financial situation. The other thought I have is kind of tied to this
idea. I wasn't on Council at the time, but I actually attended most of the
meetings where the TMA was discussed. When a city as a public entity
starts to fund a TMA, it sometimes strikes me as odd. I can see a city
funding public transportation and having that used by everybody. I get a
little bit concerned about general funds that are targeted to say commuters
or more private.      Tied with that comes the need for kind of public
information, public control. Again, the way Stanford did it made sense to
me in that Stanford is paying for the shuttles, paying for the bike share, set
up the umbrella, but the employers are paying for more the employee-
specific kinds of benefits. I can see the City doing something similar in that
our investment and our shuttles and things are a major contribution to the
TMA. The VTA sales tax, they have said that some of that money could be
available for things like TDM, particularly where the local streets are at a
high quality level, which we are. Again, that's part of the later discussion.
Obviously, the City kind of participates at two levels. We participate as a
large employer. For that part, I think we should contribute. Then we
participate as kind of the umbrella organization. I am kind of curious what
you guys think in terms of mechanism to ensure business participation. Is it
all carrots in that it's just better and it makes sense for everybody or
because we're not the same as Stanford, we're the landowner and the
leaseholder, do we need to have sticks as well as carrots to really boost the
TMA?

Mr. George: To address the first part of your comment, I think that the
future and funding sources could be quite dynamic. I guide you back to the
Board for innovative ideas. Initially for the TMA to get off to a solid start, we
are hoping for funding support from the City in the initial years to get us off
the ground. If you look already to the Foundation and contributions that
we've had just literally 45 days in, that could be the bright future that the
TMA is looking for. It could also involve partnerships with other cities up
and down the Peninsula, a larger TMA that spans beyond Palo Alto, that
supports commuter options across the areas and into San Jose that the
Council spoke with concern about at SRP's presentation. I hate to spin a
little bit here, but I really think that in good faith we've put programs
                                                                          Page 43 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
