                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Schmid: Thank you. John Guisein to be followed by Gabe
Layton [phonetic].

John Guisein: Good afternoon. My name is John Guisein; I'm a resident of
Crescent Park, and I also served on the RPP Stakeholder Group with Michael
and Chop. I will tell you I absolutely remember discussing permit sale
reduction at multiple stakeholder meetings. That was always part of the
residents' request before the plan was put in place. I joined the stakeholder
group because, as a Crescent Park resident, I wanted to prevent the
problem in Downtown North from coming into Crescent Park. Clearly, I
haven't succeeded the way I would like to have succeeded. The program
that you have in front of you now is a result of the expansion of commercial
parking into an area that never had commercial parking previously. It
results in a complexity of ten micro-zones and a dysfunctional allocation
scheme that will unfairly distribute parking within those zones. The result is
almost a square mile commercial parking lot camouflaged as a residential
neighborhood. The result is businesses trying to paint this as a battle
between retail workers and residents when nothing could be further from the
truth. I entirely support Michael Hodos' statement that every resident at
those meetings always was most concerned about the retail workers and
make sure they were taken care of. Phase Twoof RPP is far from perfect,
but we need a benchmark and a goal to resolve the commercial parking
problem in neighborhoods once and for all. I support RPP Phase Two with
both a firm limit of no more than 2,000 permits and an annual reduction of
no less than 200 permits per year. To be clear, I also support the ability of
any neighborhood to demand a College Terrace resident-only parking model
if that is their wish. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you. Gabe Layton to be followed by Mary
Dimmit.

Megan Barton: Hi. I'm Megan Barton, and I'm actually speaking for Gab
Layton. Is that okay? She sent me a text on what to say.

Council Member Schmid: Give a card after you speak.

Ms. Barton: Perfect. We are strongly in favor of the draw-down. We think
it's essential for Phase Two, but strictly with the high-wage earners. It's
actually designated as two tiers, high wage, low wage. We were also looking
into the legality of actually high-wage permits even being allowed. In the
initial RPP, it says that we can designate certain groups, i.e., teachers or
low-wage workers, as receiving permits. I don't know that we even have to
allow high-wage employees to receive permits. Zone Eight, we live on
Lincoln Avenue between Bryant and Waverley which happens to be the bike

                                                                        Page 25 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/23/16
