                           TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Wolbach: When you say the current priority, do you mean
the ranking we gave it at the Retreat, the fact that it's on the list at all or its
current color code?

Mayor Burt: I think color code primarily. We realize that we've kind of
treated—its color code and the way Staff explained it; I guess is the way I'd
put it. Why don't we do it the other way? Anyone who thinks that the
current priority should be changed. First on Number 10, homeless services.
That has three. We'll put that as a tentative no. These are straw votes, so
we'll come back at the end.

Council Member Kniss: It's a tentative yes, leave it as it is?

Mayor Burt: Correct. Tentative no, don't change it. Next one is 30, housing
micro units. It's currently a yellow. Do we want to look at 30, 34 and 38 as
a group or separately? Then let's go 30. Who thinks that we should change
the priority from its current position? That has four in favor.

Council Member DuBois: I don't think it's just color, but the comments that
it'll be done with the Comp Plan.

Mayor Burt: Thirty-four, which is rental costs. Who thinks it should be
changed? Three. Five, sorry. Rental preservation ordinance. I'm sorry.
Thirty-eight, vacation rentals ordinance.      One.  Thirty-two, retail
preservation ordinance on Cal. Ave.

Council Member Holman: Description on that please. Didn't we ...

Council Member Kniss: I thought we resolved that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think we did on that.

Mayor Burt: Yeah, let's drop that one.

Council Member Holman: Can we be clear on what exactly happened earlier
to see that we're all on the same page?

Mayor Burt: We got a clarification that we had taken action, and there were
I'd say a few minor things on the margin that will eventually be addressed
but not as a priority.

Council Member Berman: The important thing got done.

Mr. Keene: We came back and did what you guys asked us to do, and then
you asked us to do some more stuff.

                                                                           Page 86 of 107
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcropt: 5/31/16
