                        TRANSCRIPT
      Appointed Officers Evaluations to add Services and Increase the Total
      Amount Not-to-Exceed From $123,000 to $183,000.

6.    Approval of a Contract for the Joint Purchase, Maintenance and use of
      a Tractor Drawn Trailer Aerial Ladder Truck With the City of Mountain
      View Fire, With a Purchase Amount Not-to-exceed $630,543.

7.    Review and Approve Walk and Roll Maps for Addison, El Carmelo,
      Fairmeadow, Hoover, JLS Middle, Jordan Middle, Nixon, Palo Alto High,
      Walter Hays Public Schools and the Monroe Park Neighborhood.

Mayor Burt: A Motion by Council Member Berman, seconded by myself.
Please vote on the board. That passes 9-0.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

Action Items

12.   Colleagues' Memo From Council Members DuBois, Filseth, Holman and
      Schmid Regarding the Creation of an Evergreen Parking Permit
      Program.

Mayor Burt: We will now move on to our first Agenda Item, which is former
Item Number 12, a Colleagues Memo from Council Members DuBois, Filseth,
Holman and Schmid regarding the creation of an Evergreen Parking Permit
program. Before hearing from colleagues, I just wanted to make sure
everyone understands that we have next week on the Agenda the
consideration of Residential Permit Parking for Southgate and Evergreen
neighborhoods. We have put a placeholder if this item is referred to that
week for concurrent discussion of the two alternatives in the same Agenda.
Who would like to begin this? Council Member Filseth, are you the lead
author or who ...

Council Member Kniss: Pat, I need to say something.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: At the suggestion of our City Attorney, I'm going to
recuse myself on this. We have some property that is within that 500-foot
range. Ms. Stump indicates I might be able to vote at another time. Right
now, I'll go out.

Council Member Kniss left the meeting at 6:22 P.M.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Who would like to introduce it? Council Member
DuBois.
                                                                    Page 23 of 135
                                                              City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 5/2/16
