                          TRANSCRIPT
actual number of collisions. It's a good way to compare different roadway
segments that have different volumes against each other. The results of the
speed limit analysis. We found that 14 street segments in Palo Alto would
need to increase the posted speed limit in order to conduct radar
enforcement. We're not recommending that those speed limits be enforced.
If we were interested in pursuing increased radar enforcement along those,
we would need to increase those speed limits. Highlighted in purple, you
can see the segments that would need an increase in the posted speed limit
in order to conduct radar enforcement.           These include segments of
University Avenue, Alma Street, Embarcadero Road, Middlefield Road as well
as Arastradero Road.       Arastradero Road, of course, is scheduled for
reconstruction in the coming years, so I really would not encourage
increasing the speed limit on that street as we're making design decisions
based around a 25 mile an hour speed limit today. One of the other things
that we would like to come out of this study is the identification of a target
speed for each of our corridors, particularly our arterials and our residential
arterials. A target speed is a proactive way to encourage travel speeds that
are appropriate for the community and the surrounding neighborhoods.
Once we establish a target speed hypothetically of, let's say, 25 miles an
hour, we would then make our design decisions around that 25 mile an hour
target speed. It's not based on the current operating speed or the posted
speed limit. It is a community-driven desire, framing what the desired
operating speed should be along that roadway. This is a rather new
practice. It's actually described in detail in the National Association of City
Transportation Officials (NACTO_ Urban Street Design Guide. A hypothetical
here in the table below. You could see the current operating speed on the
roadway may be 42 miles an hour. We have a goal of a 35 mile an hour
operating speed. The speed limit today could be 40 miles an hour; but we
have a goal of also having a 35 mile an hour speed limit. We would set a
target speed of 35 miles an hour with the goal of reducing both the
operating speed and the speed limit to 35 miles an hour. Once we establish
a target speed, some of the tools that we could use to bring those operating
speeds down to the community desired target speed include chicanes which
are lane shifts, curb extensions, the installation of edge lines, gateways or
median islands and a whole host of other treatments. On collector and local
streets, we can be a little more aggressive and look to things like speed
humps and speed tables, which are called vertical deflection devices. On the
arterial and residential arterials, we'd want to stick to horizontal deflection
and signing and striping improvements generally. This is a chart from the
NACTO Urban Street Design Guide that shows how lane widths correspond to
increased travel speeds. Generally the wider the travel lanes, the more
comfortable people feel going at higher speeds. Generally in urban areas,
we like to keep travel lanes down around 10 feet wide. On freeways, travel
lanes are typically about 12 feet wide. We have a real-life example in
                                                                         Page 29 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
