                         TRANSCRIPT
needed. We need to keep those in line. The way we maintain our Budget
Stabilization Reserve is by postponing some of those infrastructure
payments. Buildings for our Municipal Services Center, parks investment,
these are things that have to be done. We're postponing them from this
year to the future. It's not that we have lots of money to spend on a variety
of things. The $750,000 payment we want to make to the Section 115 is a
consequence of the salary changes that have taken place. I want to
emphasize that this is a tough budget we're looking at. We need to be
aware, moving into the future, that we have postponed some important
expenditures that we have. I'm supporting the budget as programmed,
including the 750 for the pension benefit trust. Be very sensitive about what
this means, especially the postponement of infrastructure of our 2018
budget.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. I was just going to try to second Council
Member Holman's motion, if she could propose offsetting cuts.

Council Member Holman: That's the Motion, to go to a 7-year cycle.

Council Member Filseth: I'm not sure what the procedure for that is. I'm
not sure procedurally where we are.

Mayor Burt: Procedurally, somebody needs to make a Motion and get
second. That's the procedure. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Especially thanks to Finance Committee. I know this
is a long and arduous thing. Eric, you did a really good job. I think, to echo
some of the things that Council Member Schmid has said, we are very
fortunate. I have done a lot of budgets through the years, and the budgets
that have almost nobody here in the audience are the kind of budgets you
like. That means you're not cutting people, you're not cutting programs,
and you're not really starting to take away services from your community.
It's a fortunate year. Having said that, there's only one other comment that
I want to make.       We're spending somewhere in the neighborhood of
$825,000 on Track Watch, so we're approaching $1 million on Track Watch.
Sometime ago, when we first began this—I think then I was on Policy—we
talked about having the School District as a partner in doing this. I would
really like us to examine that again. This is part and parcel—apparently
we've had pretty good luck this year with the exception of the Alma
crossing. It's important. I think we need to pay more attention to it. I
would urge the School District to share in this service to the community with
us. Having said that, I will vote for the budget.

                                                                            Page 59 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
