                         TRANSCRIPT
several key aspects of the Guidelines. First, they require no changes to
existing Codes, review procedures or application requirements, nor do they
preclude future changes. The work in concert with the existing review
procedures and Codes. They provide a design tool or a measuring stick, if
you will, for homeowners, architects, HRB and City Staff to use to inform
their decision-making.      They allow for and encourage case-by-case
interpretations and some flexibility rather than prescribing outcomes. This is
important because Professorville is not uniform in its historic development
patterns. The Guidelines are based on and consistent with the Secretary of
the Interior Standards for Rehabilitation and the Palo Alto Standards of
Review which were previously adopted by the Council. The Guidelines place
great emphasis on preserving historic structures and elements and on
compatible new construction. At this time, Staff would like to thank Council
Members Holman and DuBois, the current and former HRB liaisons, for
meeting with Staff last week to provide comments on the Guidelines. Their
expertise and support have been invaluable to this project. In response to
the Council Members' comments, City Staff and Staff's consultant have
prepared a list of recommend changes to the Guidelines document, which
have been distributed to you in an at-places memo. Staff recommends
adopting the Guidelines with the recommend changes. Staff's consultant for
the project is the firm of Page and Turnbull, which is an award-winning firm
with extensive experience in the field of historic preservation and
architecture. Page and Turnbull has prepared historic design guidelines for
other communities in California, including the Cities of Napa and West
Hollywood. At this time, please allow me to introduce the staff of Page and
Turnbull who will present more information about the Guidelines, after which
Staff will conclude. Please welcome Ruth Todd, principal of Page and
Turnbull, Christina Dikas, the Project Manager, and Jonathon Rusch, the
Cultural Resources Manager and author of the document. They are seated in
the front row here. At this time, I would like to turn the floor over to
Mr. Rusch for his presentation.

Jonathon Rusch, Page and Turnbull: Thank you. Good evening. Just to
reiterate, I'm joined here tonight by Ruth Todd and Christina Dikas. Page
and Turnbull was founded in 1973 as Charles L. Page and Associates, one of
the earliest historic preservation architecture firms in California. We've
worked on multiple preservation planning projects throughout California and
across the United States, including design guidelines. I'm going to give a
quick overview of the process by which we became involved. We were
involved in the development of the Design Guidelines. Our involvement
began at the end of last year, when we began having meetings with the City
Staff, community members taking walking tours, doing field survey and
research to get a better understanding of the neighborhood, its historic
conditions and its current conditions. We conducted a community workshop
                                                                       Page 56 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
