                           TRANSCRIPT
kind of locked into maybe some older thinking in terms of transit. One of
the things I'd like to see added in that area is clearly stating that we want to
encourage innovation in support of trials of things like self-driving cars. The
other one I wanted to bring up—it's a little bit of a nuance. There's the
theme in here of prioritizing pedestrian and cyclist safety. I don't disagree
with that, but I think we need to focus on types of streets. Some streets
should be pedestrian and bike separated like we saw tonight with
Embarcadero. I feel like there's an almost an over-reliance on the National
Association of City Transportation Officials (NACTO) guidelines. When we
adopted those guidelines, we said we wanted them considered in the context
of Palo Alto. I do think not every street should be a complete street. We
have some streets that should be more separated and focused on reducing
congestion. Finally, we talked about level of service tonight, which was
great. I'd like to see a program in there that looks at reducing the threshold
for a cumulative impact, because that seems to be a very hard thing to
capture. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Before I go into comments, I just want to ask a
question about process. We're looking for motions here or should we just
offer individual comments and leave it at that? For mostly the Mayor on this
one.

Mayor Burt: Hillary, what were your thoughts? This is framed for us to
review and discuss. If it's treated as a Study Session, there might be certain
directions. Absent a Motion, you've got a bunch of opinions that haven't
necessarily come together.

Ms. Gitelman: Given the lateness of the hour and the length of this
document, I was anticipating that we would get individual comments. As the
Mayor points out, they would just be your individual comments. If there are
areas of disagreement, it would be nice if those are fleshed out at least.

Mayor Burt: The general intent was individual comments. If we see certain
areas that we need to see whether we agree on or not, then it may be
appropriate to have a Motion.

Council Member Wolbach: I'll leave Motions aside for now. That was my
hope, to do it just like this. The things I was referring to earlier, let me start
there. The spaces, the types of modalities of individual travel between
regular bicycles and cars, whether that's electric bikes or electric
skateboards, which a lot of people are riding now, or little scooters or
motorized scooters, motorized motorcycles whether they're internal
combustion or increasingly electric, as we see this shift as with regular cars.
                                                                         Page 102 of 120
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/19/16
