                          TRANSCRIPT
variety of sources that we can use. If you think of land use projects, which
is the most common type of project you're going to probably deal with, VMT
is just a two variable calculation. It's the number of vehicle trips generated
by the project multiplied by trip length, how far are they going. Where do
we get that trip information and trip length? We have a variety of sources
for trip generation. Some of those come to us from industry standard
practices. Some of them come to us from travel models like the VTA model
or the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) model. We can also
go out and just count the number of cars going in and out of a Trader Joe's,
for example. We have lots of ways to get the trip generation information.
Trip length can be a little more difficult, because you'd have to keep track of
the trip from where it started to where it's ultimately destined. We do have
information, though. We have the California Household Travel Survey. We
have a similar travel survey at the national level. We also have those same
models I mentioned. They give us estimates on trip length. We also have
something called big data now. Big data is basically tracking your mobile
devices or keeping track of trips based on in-vehicle navigation systems.
We can purchase that data and get an even more refined estimate of trip
length. We can use all those different sources to come up with estimates or
forecasts of VMT out into the future. One of the things to be aware of,
though, is when you think about VMT and trying to set thresholds—
thresholds really are expectations about performance. One of the challenges
with VMT is the level of influence that a city has on VMT really comes
through your land use decisions and your transportation network decisions.
There's a lot of other things that happen in the economy that can change
how much people decide to travel by vehicle. Those can overwhelm the
local influence on VMT.         One of the things that OPR did in their
recommendations—their threshold is actually tied to a legal term called
baseline. Basically under CEQA, baseline is the time at which the NOP for
the project was released, the Notice of Preparation. If we're doing a project
today and released an Notice of Preparation (NOP) today, basically
September of 2016 would be our baseline. They're measuring this 15
percent reduction from a baseline condition. If we were to go out in the
future two years and have a new project coming forward, their baseline is
two years in the future. It kind of accounts for fluctuations in the market,
economic activity and some of those other variables that cities and counties
don't influence. You could also choose to just have a hard threshold. Not to
recognize the influence that the market forces play with VMT would probably
not be advised, because there's so much that you don't control for.

Council Member Holman: A follow-up to that. I warned you I might have
some follow-up to that. Palo Alto has this jobs/housing imbalance. We have
all of these people that come to Palo Alto. We want people to come to Palo
Alto but not in the means that they are currently, necessarily. If we're using
                                                                        Page 11 of 120
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 9/19/16
