                           TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: I haven't agreed to this. I would agree to retail; I don't
agree to personal service. I think that personal service includes lawyers and
nail salons. I actually want retail.

Council Member Holman: I don't think personal service includes attorneys'
offices. Does it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think it does.

Mr. Keene: Isn't this a little detailed? I don't mean to be rude about it.
We're looking at some conceptual ideas about mixed use with ground floor
retail and residential. We'll probably tell you it'll take us five years to work
on this.

Mayor Burt: I don't think that's the use definition of lawyers.            I think
personal service is like nail salons.

Council Member Holman: As long as ...

Mayor Burt: Unless lawyers are doing that these days.

Council Member Holman: As long as Staff understands the general direction.
We don't want to be eliminating places for your personal accountant to be.

Mayor Burt: Let's see if we can move the ball forward here.

Council Member Holman: Having to do with ADUs, there were a number of
comments that were made...

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, I'm just real worried that if we're
starting to throw everything that we talked about tonight into the potential
nearer-term category, it's just going to eliminate the meaningfulness of
being able to do anything nearer term.

Council Member Holman: If we're still thinking about Staff coming back with
some of this in the nearer term as far as direction to go forward...

Mayor Burt: That's exactly what this is for. To try to distinguish which
things we want them to evaluate the feasibility of doing in the nearer term.

Council Member Kniss: I just think there are enough decorations on the tree
now. I think we could move forward and puts the lights on.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Yep.



                                                                        Page 107 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
