                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: You'd mentioned Cal. Ave. Caltrain, which we've
talked a bunch about also.       Have you guys talked to Caltrain about
increasing stops at that station? Have they been receptive? Are there
things that we can do to help as well as push them as we have?

Ms. Jarvis: We are starting that effort, and we would certainly like to
discuss how to work together on that. A lot of Caltrain's plans right now are
based around electrification, and that does not necessarily result in
increased service to Cal. Avenue. That's a discussion that we certainly
welcome having.

Council Member Berman: The heat map that you guys have with the ZIP
Codes from your employees, does that include independent contractors and
kind of service employees, whether it's folks in the cafeterias or janitorial
services or security services?

Ms. Jarvis: It does not. It's regular employees at the companies.

Council Member Berman: How do most of those folks get to work? Do they
drive or are there vanpools?

Ms. Jarvis: It would depend on the type of contractor whether we would see
any difference. We anticipate it's going to be in line with how the rest of the
employees get to work. Anybody in the Research Park is eligible for the
programs we offer, whether they're a contractor or a full-time employee or
not. That's part of the services that we'll offer them. Again, they'll be
encouraged to participate in the survey, so we'll have some more
information on that group too.

Council Member Berman: They'll get word that the survey's out there and
available and that kind of thing?

Ms. Jarvis: Correct.

Council Member Berman: Just following up a little bit on Council Member
DuBois' point and something that I've been thinking about a lot. We control
in Palo Alto the kind of last-mile problem with so many folks coming to work
here.     There's also still that first-mile problem.  You pointed out the
difficulties of San Jose, but I'd just encourage you guys to keep on looking
for opportunities to work with other communities where your employees live
to encourage them to help with that first-mile problem in the morning of
getting folks from their home to public transportation. If they don't have
that, then it doesn't matter what we do on our end. Thank you, guys. It
looks like you're doing a lot of great work on this. We're looking forward to
copying a lot of it. Thanks.
                                                                         Page 22 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
