                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Any questions from the Council? I'll just note that
this was passed unanimously by the Finance Committee, but it is an action
item because it requires a Public Hearing, not because we would normally
agendize it for discussion and debate purposes. Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess I have just a simple question. It's about
the clarification that has taken place. I can understand virtually everything
you've done except on 16-57-07, Packet Page 122. What you're crossing
out—let me just read it. On an annual basis, the estimated cost of the
described parking, the continued need for that parking, and the reasonable
relationship between such need and the impacts of pending or anticipated
nonresidential development shall be reported to the Council and recommend
any adjustments needed. This is not for an impact fee; this is for in-lieu
payment. We have been using for decades now the 1:250 ratio, one new
job for every 250 square feet. That has become a very important number in
our calculations of jobs, the relationship between commercial building and
jobs. My understanding in looking at the City Manager's report on Plan Bay
Area that was given to us October 4th that in the development of the new
scenarios, five and six, it became clear that the parking ratios used there
were quite different from the 1:250. They were implying a jobs to square
feet ratio that's some 30-50 percent higher. This seems to me to call for
that Code part that I just read, 16-57-07, that if there is a change, a major
change, in how we calculate parking and its impact, its relationship to
development in the area, that that should be reported to the Council. Now,
instead what's taking place here is you're eliminating the paragraph that
says let's report to the Council and discuss the need for shifts. My question
is why. That's not just an impact fee like the others. This is the in-lieu
payment, which is dependent upon the 1:250.

Ms. Silver: I'll take a crack at that. Cara Silver, Senior Assistant City
Attorney. As Sherry mentioned in her presentation, the reason why Staff is
recommending that that be eliminated is in response to the Auditor's report
originally, which found that the annual report required by that section was
not being made. We recognized that it was not being made, and we thought
it would be most appropriate instead of having a standalone report on in-lieu
fees, that it would be more appropriately grouped together with the annual
report that we do on all of the other City impact fees. We have one other
category of fee that is similar to the in-lieu fee, and that is the public art fee,
which we have been reporting now in this annual report. The public art fee
is not technically a development impact fee, but it is included in this annual
report. We thought we should treat this transportation in-lieu fee similarly
and group them together. The other point, I think, that Sherry mentioned is
that there are other parking reports that do come out on an annual basis.

                                                                            Page 81 of 90
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 11/7/16
