                          TRANSCRIPT
development. Is it a big change? Do we not require that? What effect does
that have? Is that even possible? Maybe you want to comment on that. I
wasn't sure what it meant. Can you find it? It's 3C.

Ms. Schmitt: This is starting to get at the multifamily issue that Council
Member Holman brought up. These spaces kind of look like a public park.
They might even be credited in some ways, but they're not necessarily built
to the same standards as your parks. This is trying to get at that issue.

Vice Mayor Scharff:       I think that needs more thought and more
understanding as to what that actually means. What are the practical
implications of doing that? What does it mean—what standards would be
applied? I think that's a fairly broad statement without a lot of meat there.
I think you could have a lot of unintended consequences that people don't
understand. Maybe it's great, but maybe it's not. I'm not sure what exactly
that requires.

Mr. Anderson: I can just chime in and say one example of what they don't
currently have to do is come to the Parks and Recreation Commission and
say, "This is what we'd like to do," and have the community weigh in on it.
That's something we're beholden to do on every other project. We've got
this effort we've put into this Master Plan that guides, but right now this is
totally separate from that. It doesn't have to go through any of that
filtering. It doesn't have to be guided by all the research we just did and all
the community input. That's a piece of this. Can it be beholden to the City
process a little more closely and go through our Parks and Recreation
Commission and be guided?

Vice Mayor Scharff: That might be a really good process to go through. I
would be supportive of that in concept. That reminds more of when you
have to give money for art, you're a developer and 1 percent goes for art. I
believe that now goes to the Public Art Commission; they make decisions
like that. I could see the same thing. Moving on, I'm almost done. On
Packet Page 97, I guess I can skip that. Page 98. Just on Policy 6C on
Packet Page 97, which is Page 76. Again, if we were going to dedicate other
facilities, I think we have to think about how Policy 6C would relate to those.
I'm thinking of the Winter Lodge and the Gamble House and Gardens. There
may be other places where we currently do that. I think in concept it's a
good idea. You don't want to take over the parks for other uses, but there
may be times when you do. That's why it says limit. Thanks a lot.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you very much for bringing this to us. A
very good discussion. Several things I just want to add my two cents on
                                                                       Page 25 of 121
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 09/06/16
