                         TRANSCRIPT
retrieved from Matadero alone. Our latest ordinance, as you know, bans
even more types of Styrofoam and will help bring this number down in the
future. Many thanks to our Staff, Acterra's staff and the many volunteers.
A special thanks to Paly students who joined the efforts as well. A few
numbers. The 16 volunteers cleaned 1.5 miles of creek, collected 150
pounds of trash, 25 pounds of recyclables and one teddy bear. Mobility as a
Service: Connected and Charged Symposium. In February of 2015, the City
of Palo Alto hosted the first regional Mobility as a Service convening
meeting, and these have continued every quarter in collaboration with our
partner, Joint Ventures Silicon Valley. The next Mobility as a Service
quarterly meeting will be here tomorrow in the Council Chambers from 1:30
P.M. to 3:00 P.M. It is open to the public; we expect 50-75 people with two
panels sharing current initiatives around the region, focused on reducing
solo commuting. The next day, May 25th, at 8:00 A.M. at SAP up in the
Research Park, the symposium will have a variety of speakers on new
technologies and connected transportation and electrification. A number of
utility-related events. The City is hosting a free gray water workshop for
residents. Actually, we held it last Saturday, and we taught close to 60
attendees how to simply and safely reuse water from sinks, showers and
clothes washers to irrigate plants and trees. The class was able to learn how
to install a laundry-to-landscape gray water system, which qualifies for a
rebate from the City and the Santa Clara Valley Water District. The Council
also received notice that on May 18th we were honored at a ribbon-cutting
ceremony for the Frontier Solar Project, one of the City's new contracted,
large-scale solar projects located in Newman, California. That new project
will generate an output of 20 megawatts of solar electric energy, enough to
serve more than 5,000 of Palo Alto's total electric needs each year, or
enough to power about 6,000 homes. An upcoming Project Safety Net
community meeting. May is Mental Health Matters month. We invite you to
join us at our free Project Safety Net community collaborative meeting on
Wednesday, May 25th, from 4:00 P.M. to 6:00 P.M. at the Lucie Stern
Center community ballroom. We'll be featuring a presentation by the Bryant
Street Garage Fund and a presentation on suicide prevention activities
including legislation and training. The next community meeting for the Palo
Alto Parks Master Plan project will be held this Wednesday, May 25th, from
6:30 P.M. to 8:00 P.M. at the Mitchell Park Community Center in the
Matadero Room. The meeting will focus on the review of possible new site
amenities that are proposed for each of Palo Alto's parks and facilities. If
anybody is ever lacking anything to do in town, there are plenty of meetings
every day of the week. Finally, we did want to shout out to Charlie Cullen
who is our technical services director in the Palo Alto Police Department.
He's been reappointed to the State 911 Advisory Board. He has served in
that capacity admirably since 2013. In this regard, Charlie will serve on this

                                                                        Page 6 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
