                          TRANSCRIPT
results of this study show—I'm just going to quote here—increases in the
present social cost of carbon are nearly eight fold. They're currently set at
$15 per ton, and they should be $116 per ton. If you're trying to save
money, maybe you should consider that fact as well. Their advice was that
the corresponding optimal policy should involve an immediate, massive
effort to control CO2 emissions. Getting us to four percent is just the
beginning. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Craig Lewis also speaking to
Item 5.

Craig Lewis, speaking regarding Agenda Item Number 5: Thank you, Mayor,
Council Members. My name is Craig Lewis. I'm the Executive Director of the
Clean Coalition. The Clean Coalition has a long history with the Palo Alto
CLEAN program as well as several other Palo Alto initiatives. The Clean
Coalition helped to design the Palo Alto CLEAN program several years ago.
We also were hired to design the Request for Proposal (RFP) that resulted in
the five—at least four out of the five City-owned parking structures to get
solarized under the Palo Alto CLEAN program. That was an RFP that we
designed, and we helped administer that and get it to a solar owner-
operator that's going to lease those parking structures. Also, recently the
Clean Coalition was hired by Palo Alto's Office of Emergency Services (OES)
to specify how to get a solar-driven, solar emergency micro grid, so that
solar power can indefinitely provide power backup to OES, Emergency
Services, here in Palo Alto. All of this leads me to requesting that the Palo
Alto CLEAN program be allowed to live its full course in its form so that it is
economically viable for people to pursue. It is only recently, after 3 years,
that the price got to a level—the price of solar has been coming down. The
price got a level just recently where the Palo Alto CLEAN program was
economically viable. Now we have several projects that have applied and
are going to be built out. At this point where the market meets—the
program becomes economically viable, that is the wrong time to drop the
floor on the price. That is the right time to allow this program to fulfill its
course. It is a pilot-scale program. We need more projects to come through
it. Very importantly, the Palo Alto CLEAN program was designed to get
projects in the commercial scale, the commercial market sector.              The
commercial sector in Palo Alto is almost entirely non-owner occupied. This
means that the only way that the commercial market sector can participate
in local solar is to have the energy sold directly to the utility, which is what
Palo Alto CLEAN does. Net metering requires the tenant to be the benefit of
avoiding that retail purchase from the grid. Net metering is not applicable to
the vast majority of the commercial market sector in Palo Alto. If Palo Alto
is going to come anywhere close to achieving its four percent local solar
objective, it absolutely has to have the commercial market sector
                                                                         Page 35 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
