                          TRANSCRIPT
resident interests, ideally include but not be limited to Stanford University,
the Transportation Management Association (TMA), Palo Alto Unified School
District (PAUSD), residents, Stanford Research Park (SRP) Transportation
Demand Management (TDM) Working Group.”

Council Member Wolbach: Again, this is ideal. Thank you for accepting
those. Just a couple more comments. I'll keep it short, because I spoke so
much earlier.     We've heard a couple of different predictions from my
colleagues about how this will unfold and what the reaction of various parts
of our community, including the business community, will be over the next
couple of years. Some predict that in the end business might still oppose.
Some predict the business community might be neutral in the end. Some
predict that the business community might even be at least tentatively
supportive.    I think this really is an opportunity for us all to work
collaboratively together. It's a chance for the business community to prove
those who are skeptical wrong, that we'll work collaboratively. I think we're
setting ourselves up for success with this kind of approach, better than by
doing something with too much haste.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. Thank you both too.

Council Member Kniss: Could we add one more thing? Karen had one last
comment; no, it's an amendment that I think you'll find is acceptable. Do
you want to just mention it, Karen? Thanks for indulging us.

Council Member Holman: Sure. Thank you. There would be                a "D" which
would be "Staff to return to Council with a timeline for activities   to plan for a
ballot measure." The reason for that is because we don't want         to end up in
the situation next year, where we get in a rush situation. It's to    hopefully ...

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Council Member Holman: Is that acceptable to—Liz, you're okay with that?

Council Member Kniss: Yeah, it's fine. I think a timeline is critical.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “direct Staff to return with a
timeline with activities to plan for a ballot measure.” (New Part D)

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you to Council Member Kniss and Council
Member Holman for putting this forward. It's a good measure. I think it
                                                                             Page 92 of 98
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 6/27/16
