                           TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. The amendment here is to continue
this to a date—just want to make sure I understand the amendment—when
the neighbors can come back with a determination about whether they want
to exclude Ross Road. Is that what you're saying? Is that what the
amendment is? Let me say a couple of things. That at least improves it
where it's, I think, more supportable. I guess a question for Staff is how
soon could this come back? If we just continue this, when could it come
back? I know it depends partly on the neighbors, but when could it be
agendized to come back?

Mr. Lait: There's a lot of variability there. I think if the process is to stay as
it is in the Code and the neighbors are to sort of re-petition the
neighborhood about that issue, it would depend on that issue or depend on
the results of that being transmitted to the City. We would spend a couple
of weeks with that information. It takes about, I would say, from that point
probably about two months to get you scheduled for an agenda provided
there's an open agenda.

Council Member Holman: You're looking at December probably.

Mr. Lait: It's not this year.

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry?

Mr. Lait: It wouldn't happen this year.

Council Member Holman: No?

Mr. Lait: No.

Council Member Holman: I'm not happy with the original Motion, and I'm
not terribly thrilled with the Substitute Motion. Here's why. It's been well
stated that this neighborhood has existing CC&Rs on it now. Our process
isn't perfect; it does need to be improved. The neighbors went forth with
the process that we have currently in place. The CC&Rs are in place now.
While it does have its flaws, it's a heck of a lot friendlier than a neighbor
feeling like, "I don't want to sue my neighbor but they're building a house
that's really inconsistent with the neighborhood and that's my only option, to
sue them." What kind of option does that leave a neighbor with? It's an
expensive one and, I would say, some would consider a hostile one. I don't
think that's a very good option. I'm not exactly sure why these properties
on Ross Road who decided to opt out did so at such a late time. Does Staff
have any information about that?
                                                                          Page 66 of 104
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 10/4/16
