                          TRANSCRIPT
will look to this document as a guide for them to follow. I'm glad that we've
built in flexibility. I think the idea of creating five year plans that help us to
recalibrate our Plan based on new technologies that have been developed
and new situations in Palo Alto and across the country makes a lot of sense.
Hopefully we'll make this more manageable in terms of not just looking at
that aspirational 80 percent reduction by 2030 but creating more concrete
steps to get there. I just have a couple of questions. I know that we're
supposed to be approving the guiding principles, the design principles and
the decision criteria. The guiding principles, it says seek to improve quality
of life as well as environmental quality, economic health and social equity. A
question I have for Staff, which is a question I've been struggling with for
my four years on the City Council, is what's the definition of quality of life.
What do you have in mind for quality of life here in terms of how that might
be different from environmental quality, economic health and social equity?

Mr. Friend: How much time you got? I think that's one of those terms that
you define in your conversations. There have been endless efforts to
delineate specific definitions of quality of life. I worked on one when I first
came to California that produced a 300-page document, but that's not what
we need. I think this is kind of you know it when you see it. It's subjective.
It's what people in the community feel. I think we could tease it out into
more specifics about what are the priorities. We've heard some of them
today, water quality, congestion, public health. It's never going to be a
finite list. What we wanted to do here was assert that that bucket of
subjective factors that mean a lot to people have to be in the mix, that this
is not just about measuring greenhouse gases. It's measuring what people
really care about in this community and being sure that we serve that, and
we don't have the environmental goals be tradeoffs against people's
concerns. We need to find solutions that …

Mayor Burt: Let me just offer, though, that I think we actually have a better
sense of that than it being as nebulous as just described. Within our current
Comprehensive Plan and going forward to our new Comprehensive Plan, we
really do describe a whole bunch of the qualities of life in the community,
whether they be ability to have mobility and not gridlock, safety, parks, just
on and on, our schools and our resources for seniors and disabled and those
in need. Those are all, I think, aspects of the quality of life of our
community and not limited to that. I don't think it's so nebulous. I think it
is an important thing for us to really have them more clearly stated, but I
think that's part of where we'll see the role of the Comp Plan intersecting
with the role of the S/CAP.

Council Member Berman: I think that makes senses. The challenge will be
where different qualities for different people conflict, but that's always a
                                                                          Page 48 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 11/28/16
