                          TRANSCRIPT
and move to somewhere cheaper." That's just something I want us to think
about. That ties into the third "E" here called social, but it's often referred to
as the three "E"s of sustainability. Environment, economy and social equity.
That ties into the next point I wanted to make. Climate change and climate
adaptation—thank you for helping me find it. This Appendix F might actually
be, to my mind, the most important part of all of this for Palo Alto's future.
How we prepare ourselves for the coming impacts of climate change really—
I argue that that is one of the four key challenges we need to focus on this
decade. The other three being transportation, housing and income and
wealth and equality. They all tie together very closely. We see them tying
together right here. It's interesting. I'll just make a quick point that I'm
very proud of Palo Alto in being leader on rejecting climate change deniers
and climate change obstructionists. I think we can identify at least five
common arguments that I don't hear very often in Palo Alto about climate
change. One is it's not a problem. Second, I don't believe the scientific
research, some people say. Third, even if it's a problem, addressing it would
be too difficult and too damaging to our way of life. Fourth, why should we
do something here when it's a bigger problem than us. We should let
somebody else really take the lead on this. Five, it's too late, and that's too
bad, so the best we can do now is protect ourselves and our interests, and
let others fend for themselves. I think it's admirable that Palo Alto is not a
place where those arguments take root around climate change. What's
interesting to note is those five arguments are also used often to obstruct
even allowing housing development in Palo Alto, all of those same
arguments. I am glad to see that as a community we are starting to move
past that. As a Council, we've started to give direction to Staff to move past
that attitude about housing, recognizing the importance of the three "E"s of
sustainability including social equity. In both cases, responsibility really
requires intellectual humility and honesty and commitment to both the short
term and the long-term action. To mitigate the damage of these crises, of
course we need to protect our most vulnerable. On climate, we need to plan
to protect homes, businesses and infrastructure from sea level rise, because
climate change is here, it's getting worse, and it's not going to turn around
immediately. That's why this Appendix F is so important. On housing, it's
important that we do what we already do, but do more to protect renters
from displacement through renter protections, through below market rate
housing. This is very much tied into this topic. This about sustainability,
and it's referred to in the documents here tonight. It's important that we
also, of course, add below market rate housing. Even if we had a lot of
supply, it'll take time to build. Families in our community are suffering now.
It's also important that we reduce the overall scale and duration of
manmade crises by aiming for a more balanced, sustainable future. On
climate, that means limiting greenhouse gases by shifting away from fossil
fuels and enabling alternative modes of transportation, recognizing we have
                                                                           Page 52 of 93
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/18/16
