                          TRANSCRIPT
as some of the guiding documents when we helped Walter develop the
policies and so on. Thank you so much. I hope this moves forward. It was
a great effort. There's always more to do, but we got quite a lot. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Winter Dellenbach, to be
followed by our final speaker, Claire Elliott.

Winter Dellenbach: I missed, when I reviewed the documents in the packet,
basically no input about tree protection. I ask that you direct Staff to
consider some of the suggestions I'm about to make. Our current tree
protection ordinance needs strengthening. There's nothing in the report
about better protecting the trees that we have. It is usually far better to
keep healthy trees, particularly mature trees, than plant puny new trees.
We can look for some direction, I think, from the Menlo Park ordinance;
although, in the end it's weaker than ours. It has some interesting ways of
looking at trees that our ordinance doesn't include at all. I think most of
them are worthy of adoption. Upon resolution of the Menlo Park City
Council, a tree may be protected if it is found to have historical significance,
special character or community benefits. Palo Alto doesn't recognize any
such attributes. Menlo Park initially protects all varieties of healthy trees of
a certain size, all varieties, every tree, not just the three trees we now
protect. It sounds like it's going to be 2 1/2 trees pretty soon. We protect
redwoods, and we protect not all oak trees; we protect two oak trees, valley
oaks and live oaks. If we want more trees, then we need to protect more
trees. Menlo Park includes groups of trees, including those with multiple
trunks, if their number and spacing fits the ordinance standards. Palo Alto
doesn't do this. Menlo Park lists beneficial effects that are considered tree
by tree, effect on a soil erosion, water retention, wind blocking, climactic
change, shade and habitat for animals, impact on privacy and scenic beauty,
etc. A good illustration is a nearly 300-year-old valley oak, just a couple of
lots from my house, on a lot that's being sold for $2 million just for the dirt.
There is a decent chance that that tree is going to be lost. That tree was
around many decades before the founding of this country. We may lose it
even though the prospective buyer will be able to meet their FAR. We have
a weak ordinance that's way too subject to interpretation. It's ambiguous.
It makes me very nervous that we could create swaths in Palo Alto where
redwoods aren't protected instead of at least looking to see if there are
redwoods among them that are interesting, unique, deserving. I think that
we have a major problem to solve in our tree protection ordinance, and we
can talk about tree protection all we want, but we're not doing our job.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Claire Elliott. I didn't see
Claire. That concludes our public comments, and we'll return to the Council.
Let me just briefly say I think this latest Plan embraces a whole bunch of
                                                                         Page 98 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
