                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: I don't have the projections with me. I do think it's safe to say
that we don't have any choice here. I think if we had to stay even with the
status quo with SAP, if we were to compare our costs over time versus the
costs over time going forward with this, we're going to be off making this
purchase. Clearly, it's going to cost more. As a matter of fact, we're going
to run at some point where SAP's going to either refuse to maintain this
anymore or make it so costly for us that they force us into some other
decision. I'm sure that this is more cost effective.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I completely agree we have to. That's what I was
asking. It seems to me that there's a lot of challenges facing the budget in
the future. There's the golf course; there's all the infrastructure stuff which
keeps going up; there's a possible purchase of the Post Office. When you
start to add all this stuff and if I start adding this in as well, I just want to
make sure that we're keeping all of this in mind as we do this in sort of a
holistic way, so that we actually don't not be able to do what we say we're
going to do. That was some concerns. In the back of my head—I could be
completely off on this—is I've heard continually from Utilities that SAP didn't
work for Utilities, and it was shoehorned in. Throughout being on Finance,
when we asked, "Can we do the bills with this innovation or can we do that,"
we were always told no because SAP or it'll cost us $1 million to go back to
SAP. I heard that over and over again. If we're going to go out and buy a
separate (Enterprise Resource Planning)ERP for Utilities, that was my gut
sense that seemed to be the right thing to do, and I was really glad to see it.
Any time anything justifies your gut sense you always feel good about it.
The concern was that—wasn't Utilities actually paying a portion of this and,
therefore, Utilities would no longer pay a portion of it, and more would fall
on the General Fund for the SAP? Maybe not, but that was something that
stuck in the back of my head as a possibility.

Mr. Reichental: I don't believe that to be the case. I think the billing
system—the split I believe is 60/40, 60 General, Utilities 40 percent. Our
expectation is that somewhere in that range it will still continue even after
this. The Utilities billing system will still integrate with the core financial
system that the City purchases. They won't have their own financial system.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Not to sound like a broken record, but if we didn't
have the minutes from last year, this would have been very difficult to go
through. Just a reminder. One of the questions I asked about last year, and


                                                                          Page 16 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/29/16
