                          TRANSCRIPT
that's not even addressing the FAR issues, which I still have a concern with.
I think Mayor Burt is hitting the nail on the head. I look at how many
parking places are not counted here. Usually when people get their cars
serviced, they make an appointment, and they go pick it up. Some people
leave their car there all day. There are a lot of parking places here
dedicated to what now is being said are service parking places for the
service on the third floor. I will stop there. As you can hear, I have myriad
concerns about this project.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I think some people in the public
mentioned housing. I don't think this is the place for housing. We did talk
about sea level rise. There's no residential facilities out there. It looks like
the first floor's raised up 10 feet to be above floodplain.             Is that
contributing—I mean, basically it's three floors with a roof to get to 50 feet.
Part of it is that elevated ground floor?

Mr. Ah Sing: The height is taken from the finished floor. The site's being
raised up. The grade is being raised up.

Council Member DuBois: I would be in favor of requiring a bird-safe
building. It sounded like that was possible. Rather than making it optional,
to make that mandatory. I'd support that change. I think you guys know
I'm not necessarily the most pro development member on Council, but I
actually find this building a reasonable use in a reasonable location. I know
it's near the Baylands, but I find it's shielded by the buildings next to it and
the trees. I wouldn't support this building if it was further into the Baylands,
if it was down Bayshore or down Embarcadero. In this case, I find a lot of
things to like about the project. I think, Jonathan, you summarized a lot of
them. They are asking for extra setback. They are keeping the trees along
the back property line, the muted colors. I really appreciate the evolution of
the design. The fact that it's not an all glass building helps quite a bit as
well. I would support it with the change of requiring a bird-safe design
instead of making that optional.         Motion.   I would approve the Staff
recommendation with that change ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: Second.

Council Member DuBois:        ... to a bird-safe building design be made
mandatory.

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

                                                                           Page 118 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
