                         TRANSCRIPT
and in our buildings and in our community in recent years. Switching to
different topics, the wildfire fire season is upon us. The Fire Department has
been busy preparing for this year's season. Crews have been training every
day on wildland firefighting, structure protection and other brush fire
emergency procedures. Our crews have been conducting wildland fire
inspections of properties in the Foothills neighborhoods, and they inspect for
vegetation clearance and community escape routes. Last Wednesday, an
engine crew and battalion chief from our City were part of a regional
response to a wildland fire down in the Henry Coe State Park in the far
eastern portion of the county. This 120-acre fire was one of the earliest
wildland fire responses in what we think could be a busy season this year.
The green storm water update. I don't know if you guys have any slides for
me, over there. I did want to share that last week our Public Works Staff
hosted more than 100 local government folks who came to learn about
storm water collection, retention, natural treatment and infiltration at our
Mitchell Park Center. Mitchell was used as the example facility having
essentially all of the green storm water infrastructure measures. In the first
photo you saw, Staff are displaying a diagram of those measures. In the
second—I'm not seeing these—Joe Teresi demonstrates as storm water
promotes plant growth in the infiltration basin. There we go. Thank you.
Two other updates. Improvements to Bol Park path at Matadero Avenue are
part of the upcoming street rehabilitation planned by our Public Works
Department. The intersection of the Bol Park path and Matadero Avenue will
be reconfigured to meet modern shared-use path and accessibility
standards. Planning Department folks have been advancing this project for
more than a year. We've had several meetings with residents soliciting
feedback. There still remain community concerns about the removal of
outdated metal barricades, which currently present issues for mobility and
visually impaired individuals and bicyclists using nontraditional bicycles
and/or if they're pulling trailers. Staff will continue to monitor the path
following the project completion for issues related to bicyclist and motor
vehicle speeds and consider additional signage, design modifications, and
increased enforcement if necessary. Minor striping changes to improve
safety and implement portions of the Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation
Plan are also planned for several roadways in the Barron Park neighborhood
as part of this package of projects. Lastly, I did want to share that our City
participated in a live demonstration of emergency response in relation to
utility line strikes. The recent demonstration event was a simulation of how
emergency responders address a gas and electric utility line rupture caused
by an underground excavation. The event was organized by the California
Regional Common Ground Alliance and hosted by the Public Safety Training
Consortium. The goal was to create awareness of the severe consequences
of utility line strikes during digs and other actions and to encourage active
participation in policy setting and legislation through communication and
                                                                             Page 4 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
