                          TRANSCRIPT
space system can guide people directly to the open spaces, so you can get
to 100 percent utilization. Downtown we need to be making the most of all
of our available spaces.

Mayor Burt: The level count, is that alternative to the facility count?

Ms. Atkinson: The facility count just tells you a total number for the whole
building. The level count is the floor count basically; it tells you by floor.
The facility count, we don't have an estimate on utilization.

Mayor Burt: We have three alternatives. I'm trying to correlate the level
count to the alternatives. We have three alternatives listed. When you refer
to the level count getting us 90-95 percent, I'm trying to correlate that to
any of the three.

Ms. Atkinson:     Level count was not one of the alternates that was
recommended by the consultant. It wasn't included in that package. It's a
type of system. The closest alternate to level count is Alternate 1; that's the
single space with no LED lights. It'd have single space sensors, but it would
not guide people to certain spaces. That would be the closest estimate to
level count.

Mayor Burt: What is our current utilization?

Ms. Sullivan: That varies by garage and certainly by time of day. Certainly
the garages that have the valet programs are ...

Mayor Burt: We're talking about doing this across all the garages, right?

Ms. Sullivan: Across four, yes.

Mayor Burt: What's the average utilization across those four? That's all
we'd really care about if we're—most of what we'd care about, unless we're
talking about doing this selectively in certain garages. We've got a certain
baseline of a utilization rate now. Then we'd have an anticipated utilization
rate after we invested this much. Those four garages have how many
spaces combined in them?

Ms. Sullivan: We have about 3,000 for all the lots and garages. The four
garages, I believe it's about 1,200 between the four.

Mayor Burt: About 1,200. Do you have a ballpark even of the current
utilization rate for those four on average?

Ms. Sullivan: It does definitely vary by time of day. If we're looking at the
peak hour, Lot R is probably 90-100 percent utilized or over 100 percent.
                                                                          Page 66 of 78
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 4/11/16
