                          TRANSCRIPT
had originally told the public you were going to be discussing this Agenda
Item. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Shani Kleinhaus.

Shani Kleinhaus: Thank you, Mayor Burt, City Council. I didn't have a lot of
time to study this, but it's been coming to me from a lot of different
directions just today from different organizations throughout the State that
are opposed to this effort to bypass CEQA. The Sierra Club and Audubon
generally support CEQA and transparency. We also support affordable
housing, but this seems to be a last minute and not well thought out effort
to bypass transparency and CEQA. I encourage you all to oppose it. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.      Now, we'll return to the Council for discussion.
Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: As part of my being involved with the League of
California Cities, I was at the quarterly meeting of the Tax and Revenue
Committee in Sacramento last Thursday. There was a lot of discussion
about this. There is general concern that—certainly conventional wisdom at
the time would say this is probably going to pass. For that reason and
because I could see that people were not even willing to really commit last
Thursday, we didn't vote to oppose or not support. I'd be concerned if we
don't send a letter like this that proposes some amendments so that when
this passes—it's likely to; the Governor is very much in favor of it obviously.
I think this kind of thing, which is what the President of the League had
suggested, make some comments, try to fashion something you think would
work for your city and let us know about it. I think doing this—I heard your
comments, Bob Moss. I know you'd like us to take a strong stand, but I
think in this case this is a balancing issue. If we can get out something now,
it may influence where this is going to go.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Also, referring to another League of California
Cities event I attended with Council Member Kniss, their quarterly dinner a
couple of weeks back, at which time our local staffer for the League of
California Cities for the Peninsula Division talked about how this was
probably going to be a negotiation, which was hopeful because obviously the
initial recommendation from the Governor was all guns blazing, a broadside
attack on local control. As I mentioned at our table that evening, he has a
point, and that point has been well demonstrated by academic research and
by the Legislative Analyst's Office that local municipalities overstepping and
overusing their local power and local control does have and has had a very
                                                                           Page 37 of 128
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                            Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
