                          TRANSCRIPT

MOTION: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff
to:

A.    Adopt the administrative guidelines proposed by the Director of
      Planning and Community Environment in conformance with Section
      18.85.208 of the Ordinance establishing an interim annual limit on the
      amount of Office/R&D space that can be approved each fiscal year;
      and

B.    Direct Staff to add clarification to descriptions to allow for increased
      variation in scoring to highlight successful programs.

Council Member DuBois: Just to speak to it briefly. I think you've heard
from all of us. I think if you look at all of these, if there's a scoring system
that gives maximum points for even going beyond the minimal requirement,
minimal requirement is kind of the middle of the range. Anything below that
is less. I think that will spread out these projects so that when we get the
scores, we're not looking at a bunch of ties. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: You had the second?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I did have the second.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I was wondering if you would accept as a friendly
amendment the notion of Mayor Burt's that it's really the ability to avoid or
address potential impacts on traffic and parking, that we give it more points.
I would say 20 points if that was acceptable. And that we add the words
project will (inaudible) if they would not receive a significant traffic impacts.
You used different language. You had better language when you spoke, but
I'm willing to with significant traffic (inaudible) CEQA. I would like to add in
the concept and a robust TDM plan. And then and if they would provide
Code-required parking.

Council Member DuBois: Is it written up yet?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I can repeat it again if it's helpful. The first thing is the
20 points.

Council Member DuBois: I'm okay with the weighting, more weighting for
parking.

                                                                          Page 64 of 91
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/8/16
