                          TRANSCRIPT
have taken up the concrete slab. Three, phasing within your project. Half a
mile uphill from 1050 Page Mill, that is exactly what has happened at the
Mayfield Upper California Avenue site. A 17-acre development building
swiftly all last year, rests below an upper half, an open field for months. It
will remain that way until remediation meets oversight agency approval and
a mid-project reconfiguration returns here to meet yours. No integrated
project should receive building go-ahead until all environmental assessments
are complete, the public is notified so it can comment prior to agency
decision, and any needed changes to the site plan returned to this body.
When we turn back to this project at 1050 Page Mill Road, a reprise is
already a distinct possibility. As written to and stated at the June 30th ARB
hearing, the project is to be demolished and rebuilt in phases so that the
current tenant, who is also the proposed future tenant, can continue on the
site uninterrupted. Let's stop the potential for a jerry-rigged project after it
is under way, especially on a site with hazardous materials known to be
present or unaccounted for. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:     Thank you.      Bill Ross to be followed by Jeff Levinsky.
Welcome.

William Ross: Good evening. I'd like to relate to two issues in the FEIR.
One is the legality of the lot that is involved for the project site. This issue
has been raised for over 16 months, continually before all of the
administrative agencies with the response that varies by either the Staff, the
applicant or the University. Initially it was indicated that the lots involved
were grandfathered. In fact there are two lots. They resulted from actions
under the Subdivision Map Act. Ask yourself why would the project be
subject to the Subdivision Map Act in 1998 and not be subject to it now. It's
not exempt. Under the plain meaning of the exemption section advanced, it
would only be applicable if there were one parcel. Correcting Staff even
tonight, the 1998 modification was not a lease line; that was a parcel map.
When this matter came before the ARB in July 2015, the Deputy City
Attorney that approved the Mayfield Development Agreement as to form,
Wynne Furth, when others asked what grandfathering meant, Staff
responded it's authorized in the Mayfield Development Agreement, indicated
that she didn't recall that. There have been three public records requests to
address what the specific authority is for the 701 parcel concept and the
exemption. Why is that critical to the project description? That bears on the
exact calculation of the FAR.           Most recently at the Planning and
Transportation Commission on November 18th the issue came up. The City
Attorney at that time, 2 hours and 38 minutes into the video indicated that it
resulted from an uncodified agreement in the meeting at high levels between
Stanford and City officials.     I would suggest that there is insufficient
explanation as to why there is a legal parcel. I also think there are changed
                                                                          Page 54 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
