                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think the Council and the public are going to have ample
opportunities to inform what the CAC is doing. We do have this parallel
planning process going forward. I'm just thinking ahead to when we try and
put together a Final EIR.     We want to obviously bring the Council a
document that's legally adequate and that's managed to repeat and respond
to all of the substantive comments. That just becomes a huge challenge
with an extended comment period. It would be much better to close it and
then reopen it when we have a draft, if that's the Council's desire. Any
comments that the Council or the public has between now and then on the
shape of the Comp Plan could be provided to the CAC in one of our regular
discussions on the Comp Plan itself.

Council Member Holman: I would be okay with that if Vice Mayor Scharff
would agree to that. Is that agreeable?

Vice Mayor Scharff: It's agreeable. I was actually just looking at the
Motion. Wouldn't it just be clearer to say to continue the public comment
period for the DEIR be extended to such time as public comment—shall be
reopened when public comments be received on Scenarios 5 and 6? Should
we use the word reopened? Is that correct if that's what we're going to do?

Council Member Holman: Yeah. I think that captures it.

Vice Mayor Scharff: The first part of it, do we need that? Isn't that what
we're doing?

Council Member Holman: I'm sorry; I haven't had a chance to read what's
up here yet. Making comments on Comprehensive Plan Scenarios 5 and 6 is
maybe not quite the right language, because we're not commenting on it.
For lack of better words at this moment, "and make comments as so desired
on topics in the Comprehensive Plan Draft EIR in the current timeframe." It
gets wordy, but ...

Mayor Burt: It is wordy. Let's work on that. We have a sense of the
intention here. While we hear from colleagues, why don't we work on
making this a little more streamlined? Vice Mayor Scharff, did you want to
speak to your second? I'm sorry.

Council Member Holman:     I think we need the words reopened here.             We
didn't get ...

Mayor Burt: Why don't you guys work on refining the Motion?

Vice Mayor Scharff: Let me just ...


                                                                        Page 67 of 128
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                         Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
