                         TRANSCRIPT
could tap him. He would have a lot of experience. Another gentleman with
the same first name, Jonathan Chadwick, is an English gentleman. He just
relinquished his title as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of VMWare. He's a
good source. VMWare just bought, changing from Oracle to SAP. They have
15,000 people. We are at 1,500 people, so you can compare notes. The
other thing is very important in my lifetime is that you need to have a
sponsor. Not everybody can be a sponsor. Designate one person or two
people to lead this effort so the City Manager and Jonathan can go to. When
you have clarifications, you have conflict, they can resolve quickly. The
second thing is having the solid requirements document before giving it to
somebody else to help. You do an RFP without clear ideas, then you'll be
getting a lot more than you need. Most importantly, keep the financial
system safe and do not change it, do not run parallels because there's no
financial system to run parallel, so it'll be the same numbers. You'll be
totally confused. You go with the new system or you use a system and add
connections to it. These are all the words of wisdom. I don't want Jonathan
to have gray hair too. Fantastic job. I think you're doing the perfect thing.
In summary, SAP is overkill for a lot of things. SAP is used by thousands of
organizations, from Germany. It's an open-ended system. It takes a lot to
build it, use it. You want to get to something a little bit more succinct. The
last one is do you really want this data to be in the cloud. Cloud is very
safe, but one rogue cloud person can rebuild everything that you have. You
want to be careful on the security aspect. Maybe it's good to have locally,
inside. I volunteer to help you, if you want to talk to me over lunch time
(crosstalk) nothing else. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, did you accidently put your light on?
That concludes Item Number One.

Agenda Changes, Additions and Deletions

None.

City Manager Comments

Mayor Burt: Our next item is City Manager Comments. Thank you to
Mr. Reichental, and thank you to the Staff that's been working on this.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you. A number of you have asked me
about where we were with sort of beginning to program the new advance
traffic management system that we've sort of made the capital cost
investment in over the past year. The update on that system is scheduled to
be complete by the end of March with only the online congestion mapping
and traffic camera monitoring system and connected vehicle module to be
installed. Our Staff has developed a plan to re-time and coordinate the
                                                                        Page 18 of 66
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/29/16
