                         TRANSCRIPT
can come to Palo Alto, and they can use our system with their membership.
They don't have to sign up for yet another layer of transportation
memberships or fares. Regardless of the technology that we select, we need
to move towards better integration with transit. There is an initiative on the
horizon by MTC to create what's called Clipper 2.0, and that could be a
couple of years out. Clipper 2.0 could feasibly integrate bike share into the
regional fare payment system. Someone who has a Clipper card that's
stocked up with $20 could just walk up to the bike share system and not
have to go through the whole process of signing up for a membership and
just easily check out a bike and jump on and use it like they would any other
transit system. As currently structured, the Social Bicycles (SoBi) bicycle
technology actually offers a little bit better integration with the Clipper
system. You can tie your Clipper card to your membership. When you sign
up for a SoBi membership, you can take any Radio Frequency Identification
(RFID) card and you can enter the number on the back of the RFID card,
and your bike share membership will be tied to that card. If you remember
I showed you the SoBi bikes. They have the black box on the back of the
bike. There's actually an RFID chip reader in that box too. In lieu of
entering your account number and a pin, you can just walk up and scan the
RFID card that you had already connected to your account previously.
However, you cannot use your Clipper card fare balance to pay for bike
shares.    It won't actually use the backend payment processing that's
attached to Clipper. You would still have to have a separate account with
SoBi, but you could use the same card. That option doesn't exist at all with
the Motivate system. You have to have an entirely different membership.
That concludes my presentation. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Colleagues, questions and comments? As a Study
Session, we'll be taking no initiatives. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thanks. Thanks for the presentation; it was really
great. A couple of things. Do we know at all what Mountain View or
Redwood City are going to do?

Mr. Mello: Yes. I actually talked to them this week, my counterparts there.
They're kind of in a similar stage we are. They're thinking about their
options. I know Redwood City, the City Manager is looking at it. Mountain
View, they're going to their Council shortly. They're in a similar place to we
are. They haven't seen the performance that they expected out of the Bay
Area Bike Share pilot. Redwood City has talked about whether they even
want to continue any type of bike share program given their low usage. I
think they're both open to pursuing an alternative solution. They're kind of
waiting to see what we do as well. What's come out of the planning effort
with SamTrans is kind of a mutual agreement that we need something that's
                                                                          Page 9 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
