                         TRANSCRIPT
Susan Beall: Good evening, Mayor Burt and members of the Council. I'm
Susan Beall, live at 1055 Cowper Street, corner of Lincoln. We have a 1910
house. Yes, we were part of the extension of Professorville. I don't it was
the '90s; it seems like it was longer ago than that. Because we felt that it
reflected the neighborhood. Kitty corner from us is a Presbyterian Church
which, of course is new, but the Westminster House is part of the property,
which I think Karen said is 1914, which doesn't show on your color map. In
the color coding, it shows the decades and the Westminster House, which is
Cowper and Kingsley is earlier, of course, than the church. That property
should be kind of divided. Anyway, I have also been reading the Guidelines
and do really believe in the preservation of areas that need to be preserved.
This is part of the history of the City. I'd like to have some teeth in the
historic preservation. The HRB can put some emphasis on what they
consider proper changes or not changes. I think the area that kind of
awakened me—I was looking at Section 6, which is building new properties
and so forth. I was looking at 6.1.3. It says attempt to construct new
residences without removing existing residences. The part that got me was
seek out opportunities to subdivide existing large lots into new developable
lots. That sounds like you find a reason to take the house out and subdivide
it, and then you have two. Take advantage of opportunities to constructed
detached secondary dwelling units on existing lots. That kind of thing may
occur. This brought home to me, because—I think I have to sum up here—
across the street there was a house for sale, corner of Lincoln and Cowper.
Somebody came to the realtor who had the house open and said, "Could this
house, this lot be divided into two lots?" It was a beautiful, three-story
house. He said, "I think you'd have a lot of trouble with the City and,"
looking at me, "with the neighbors." We're out there trying to defend our
neighborhood. Thank you for your work on this. Let's see where it goes
from here. Thank you.

Public Hearing closed at 10:24 P.M.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.   Now, I'd like to return to the Council for
discussion. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: To go to your earlier question, comments about
process, I do have many concerns about what's currently in the Guidelines,
given the premise that I stated earlier. I don't know how with so much
material provided at-places—what was sent out by email was through some
kind of technological error only every other Page. I only got to look at this—
I'm sure other Council Members did too—just at places. Here's what I try to
focus on with this. As I said earlier, it's like what's the goal. People who
buy homes, hopefully who buy in a Historic District, have some notion of
what might be expected of them in terms of if you're going to restore or
                                                                       Page 69 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
