                         TRANSCRIPT
should be "if not, come back to Council to consider whether or not to use the
grant money on Segments D, E and F." I didn't say do it, said to consider it.

Mayor Burt: Seconded by Council Member Schmid. Vice Mayor Scharff, do
you want to speak to your Motion?

SUBSTITUTE MOTION:         Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Council
Member Schmid to:

A.   Direct Staff to work with Santa Clara County to determine if the Santa
     Clara County grant funds can be used to create a Class 4 bike pathway
     along Loma Verde Avenue and if not, return to Council of where to use
     the grant money on Segments D, E, and F; and

B.   Focus on a crossing at Loma Verde Avenue and return to Council prior
     to spending the funds.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. I think one of the things we have to be a little
careful as a Council is what came before us tonight was really the Loma
Verde Class IV bikeway concept and the Matadero Creek. We weren’t really
talking about East Meadow. East Meadow is coming to us as a separate one.
What I don't want to do is basically decide to look at East Meadow and throw
out the whole concept of a Midtown Connector. That's what I thought the
prior Motion was doing. I think it's really important to have that Midtown
Connector, to actually have our (inaudible). That's why I support this.

Mayor Burt: (inaudible) Feasibility Study also.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Also, I would accept the Feasibility Study, "C."

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Substitute
Motion, “adopt the Midtown Connector Feasibility Study.” (New Part C)

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think the topic tonight is really the Midtown
Connector. This deals with that much more directly.

Mayor Burt: Can I ask—there's one issue on "A." It says we'd only redirect
the funds toward Segments D, E and F if the County will not allow us to do
                                                                       Page 61 of 116
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/20/16
