                         TRANSCRIPT
and a half, two months. However, the review of that work and direction by
Council regarding Policy L-8 occurs after that.        I'm looking for some
clarification. I know that the Council has given the committee clear direction
on our auspice is supposed to be policy and program. If they are giving
direction, how do they want to use the CAC? Are you asking us to have
discussion prior to that direction or use us to search out what the options
are, etc., or what? I'm just asking for some clarification around that topic,
because I know that's an important topic of both the Council as well as the
CAC and how you'd like us to operate as your arms and legs. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Shani Kleinhaus to be followed by Penny Ellson.
Welcome.

Shani Kleinhaus: Good morning, Mayor Burt, City Council. I'm Shani
Kleinhaus. I'm on the CAC; I don't speak for the CAC. Thank you for
appointing me. It's been a wonderful experience. I am a resident of Palo
Alto, and I'm here to speak on behalf of Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society.
I'm their environmental advocate.        I participated in the Sustainability
Summit last week, and I thought it was a fabulous event. I was really happy
to see that natural resources included nature in the discussion, which is
really surprisingly rare in discussions of sustainability in this region.
Including the natural environment not only as it is a resource for people, but
as it is a resource with a more spiritual in a way or more productive for
livability and cognitive assets. That was in health. That was absolutely
fabulous. Thank you. I think we're doing a lot in the Urban Forest Master
Plan and the trees of Palo Alto which are so valued by our population here.
I'm asking for one more thing. I want to look at the—I've been asking for
that repeatedly for several years now, which is to consider an ordinance for
bird-friendly buildings and deal with the windows and bird collisions. It's a
problem that is really quite substantial. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Penny Ellson, to be followed by
our final speaker, Diane Morin.

Penny Ellson: Good morning. I'm Penny Ellson, 513 El Capitan Place, a
member of the Palo Alto Council of PTA's Traffic Safety Committee. Last
year at this meeting, I made a few comments that are still relevant this
year. I'd like to revisit some of them. Palo Alto has created a visionary new
Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation Plan that will provide Complete Streets
to address the needs of rapidly growing numbers of foot-powered
commuters. This year, they have begun some implementation and planning
to implement that vision.        We're about to submit a bicycle-friendly
community application, the City is, with the community. This year, they
have begun—grant money enabled Staff to improve our bike-pedestrian

                                                                         Page 25 of 86
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 01/30/16
