                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, can you offer me your understanding
of that difference that I was asking?

Council Member Holman: A significant building means any building, groups
of buildings or a site categorized on the Historic Inventory as Number 1 or 2
and all structures within Historic Districts. Historic structure or site is the
same thing basically, except it includes Categories 1, 2, 3 and 4. Our
inventory is so very, very old we have structures and historic resources in
Categories 3 and 4 that actually some of them are eligible for National
Register even. We haven't updated our inventory. It's more inclusive.

Ms. Gitelman:     Council Member Holman, we've been talking amongst
ourselves. I think you're correct about the deletion of 090. I'm concerned
that the change between "significant downtown" and "downtown historic" is
not consistent with the way this section 060 reads.         We'd be using
terminology that wouldn't allow us to enforce against that section. I think
we would recommend leaving the significance wording intact. It's broad as
you read it in the Code.

Council Member Holman: But it only covers Categories 1 and 2. It doesn't
cover 1, 2, 3, and 4 as historic structure does.

Mr. Keene: Doesn't 090 on demolition of a Downtown historic structure
include those other categories?

Council Member Holman: It's a little frustrating because the language
seems contradictory in 090 and—they're still struggling with that, so I'm
going to go on to something else just quickly. I note also in …

Mr. Keene: Can I just clarify just to be sure that the Council understands as
I think I do now what the Staff's point is? The titles, as we look at these,
are essentially that, a simple title. Subsequently—we're not looking at this
language—there's a whole section with terminology and language that
applies to that. Just changing the title creates some incongruity in the whole
section itself that may have to be completely reworked. The idea of simply
making a change here generates a problem for us. I don't think it's so much
contradictory as it may be overlapping and redundant. I'm hearing the Staff
say the ability to apply the enforcement on Category 1, 2, 3 or 4 is still
enabled by both of these existing.

Council Member Holman:      No, because significant building only includes 1
and 2.

Mr. Keene: Wouldn't a 3 or 4 be a historic structure?

                                                                         Page 33 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
