                         TRANSCRIPT
We're not starting to; we're now well behind schedule. Let's just bear that
in mind. Council Member Kniss.

AMENDMENT PASSED: 6-2 Filseth, Holman no

Council Member Kniss: Speaking to the Motion as it is, I can't support it.
Let me go through why, and I won't try changing the numbers. Although, I
admire that the last number was just changed. Looking at this, starting with
the office/R&D, which is going to be tripled, I don't think of us as an anti-
business community. I think of us as hopefully a balanced community.
Somehow, as I look at that, I have trouble thinking that when you triple one
particular fee regardless of what the nexus study might have said or
supported, it simply doesn't make common sense to me more than anything
else. As far as the hotel fee, I would have kept that at the $20, because one
of the things we have said is hotels really do produce the money that we
need for infrastructure and a variety of other things that we've been talking
about over the past 4 years. Retail, at least we have left that at that price.
I don't think we have enough—I was going to ask Ms. Gitelman how many
single-family homes do you think are built in Palo Alto in a year? Single
family, just absolutely single.

Ms. Gitelman: It varies year to year quite a bit. In the last fiscal year, we
added about 30, 35 single-family homes.

Council Member Kniss: In going from $50 to $90 a square foot, you're not
going to make a big dent quite honest. In fact, what you're going to do is—
the builder is going to pass that cost along, and we're going to be known as
a community that charges even more for housing than we have before.
That's simply …

Ms. Gitelman: If I can just clarify one point. The amendment that just
passed dealt with the rental side. On the ownership side, we currently
charge a fee if developers don't comply with the 15 percent inclusionary
requirement. At the level that the Finance Committee recommended for sort
of detached, that's actually lower than what we've calculated the fee would
be at 7.5 percent.

Council Member Kniss: At the $95?

Ms. Gitelman: At $95, it's roughly comparable. It kind of depends on
exactly how much the units cost. The ownership side is really quite different
than the rental side, because we currently have this inclusionary
requirement and in-lieu fees. This ordinance does not represent a significant
departure.

                                                                        Page 68 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
