                          TRANSCRIPT
City Planners to come up with ways to prepare our communities for weather
events. One of the big things we do is go out and participate in public
education, especially our children. If we can educate our children about
severe weather and even earthquakes and what to do, and they come home
at the end of the day and they talk to their parents about it, their parents
learn about it as well. We also work alongside our emergency management
community and participate in different types of exercises around the area.
We do more and more exercises every year. We work with ham radio
operators as well. If we do have a big weather event or a big earthquake,
we could lose some communications as well. We want to be prepared. Once
we have an event going on, the bottom right picture up there shows our
Weather Service office. You'll notice there's a lot of different screens and
monitors up there. We monitor not only the weather but also local events as
well. If there's a lot of rain going on or a lot of rain coming in the City and
we know there's a football game, we're going to let someone know so we
can take care and make sure everybody's prepared for the event. Simon
Williams works with your emergency management community. His team
has put together some really great webpages for the community to look at
for weather preparedness. I just want to say that I've been doing the storm
ready thing for quite a while now and worked with a lot of communities.
Simon's group has really done an outstanding job. They have river monitors
out there. They track the river to see what's actually going on in real time.
They have plenty of situational awareness, terrific plans in place. I'm very
impressed with the work they've done. In fact, this next slide is the
webpage from the City of Palo Alto. It talks a little bit about the San
Francisquito Creek and what level it is and monitoring and everything.
They've done a fantastic job putting this together. Some of the partners we
work with.        The National Weather Service works with the Office of
Emergency Services (OES), the City of Palo Alto and, of course, California
OES. We also work with the California Geological Survey with regard to
tsunamis. Of course, we're more concerned about that along our coastal
areas, rather than the City of Palo Alto itself.         We have roughly 90
communities and counties represented on this map that are storm ready and
tsunami ready. If you look up there, you probably aren't going to see it
because it's awful small. The print's awful small. Palo Alto is now on the
map. If you ever go to the storm ready page, you can look it up and be like
the City of Palo Alto is right there. They're doing good things for their
community. If you have more questions about storm ready or want to know
more about it, you can check out the stormready.noaa.gov webpage. This
was just a short presentation. I wanted to just inform you a bit about it. At
this point, I'd like to invite Simon and his group and the Mayor, if he likes, to
receive your (crosstalk).


                                                                            Page 4 of 94
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 1/11/16
