                         TRANSCRIPT
homes in the neighborhood, but that still may be seen as having individual
significance outside of the context of Professorville.        The Guidelines
acknowledge that, but it's outside of the scope of this document to really
address how those can be treated for design review. The second point I was
going to mention is the Guidelines do not indicate how feasibility of repair
and restoration will be determined. It's been the intention of the Guidelines
to work in concert with humans who are reviewing, either on City Staff or
the HRB, projects and can use this as a tool. This anticipates a conversation
that Guidelines can't provide every answer. The intention is that where
these say "where feasible," "where possible," the burden for proving what
is—if something that's mentioned in the Guidelines is infeasible, it would go
to the project sponsor. That can start the conversation about potential
situations where the Guidelines can't be followed to a "T." The intention is
to really further and start the conversation between reviewers and the
applicants.

Council Member Holman: Let me go back to a couple of things, if I might.
Thank you very much. Of primary importance to me—I guess the most
significant importance to me—is the demolitions. While I've been asking for
a good long while for an updated definition of demolition, I'm not
understanding how if project plans leave the Planning Department after the
HRB and the Planning Department reviews, how there can be such
significant changes either in the Development Center or in the field that
would allow literally the demolition that I see in Professorville and around
town, but certainly in Professorville. I'm not seeing why that would take a
Code change or a definition of demolition. That just seems like how are the
plans changing that much. Is it because the Development Center Staff,
Building Staff isn't familiar with the Secretary's Standards but also with the
State Historic Building Code and with the incentives? I'm truly baffled. I'm
truly, truly baffled.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Holman, it's a discussion that's a little hard
to have in the hypothetical. It would be better to sit down, I think, with you
offline and look at some examples. We could go through the plans that were
approved, and then what happened in the field when they discovered
additional dry rot or whatever it was, and how these things occurred. Again,
it's hard to do hypothetically. I would suggest that we take a couple of
cases and sit down with the Staff involved and walk through it and see if we
can't answer your questions and really identify remedies, if you think that
there's some holes here that are leading to unintended consequences. We
want to fix that.

Council Member Holman: Help me understand the connection between what
I see going around Professorville and a project that I'd been in
                                                                       Page 64 of 120
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/24/16
