                          TRANSCRIPT
what typically is proposed with the 10-inch-thick post-tensioned slabs and
the vapor barrier on top of moving the houses. Because it's our preference
to go that far but not put in a system that requires ongoing maintenance by
our faculty and because of the extra comfort provided by the above and
beyond we are doing, that is where we are at, at this point.

Council Member Wolbach: How much—just so I have maybe a ballpark of
how much ...

Mr. Wuthmann: It's not a cost issue. It's absolutely not a cost issue.
There's very significant costs in the foundations we're doing and the vapor
barriers we're doing. It's absolutely not a cost issue.

Council Member Wolbach: If it's not a cost issue and it would increase
comfort for those of us on the Council and on the Staff and in the community
concerned about the safety of future residents, is it something that the
applicant could still consider adding in addition to those measures which
have already been discussed and proposed?

Mr. Wuthmann: If we were to consider it, it would frankly be at our
discretion. It is a—yeah, that's (inaudible). Our feeling is that it is a
comfort perception. It is not necessary on top of the mitigations already
built into our assembly.

Council Member Wolbach: Thank you for your clear response on that. I will
have to consider that response. On neighborhood safety, the other big area
of concern here. Let me be clear. I think we're all thinking about these
various mitigation efforts, what the right path forward is. I do want to say I
do recognize that the purpose of us hearing this tonight, the purpose of the
reorganization of the plan is to increase safety. I do want to give the
applicant credit for doing that. The question is, is it enough, do we want to
go further especially if cost isn't the primary issue. As for neighborhood
safety, we've had a lot of discussion about how we can't say for sure that
any TCE detected at neighboring properties is necessarily a result of TCE at
this property. I don't know that that's even really the relevant question for
tonight. The question for tonight, for me at least, is if we allow this project
to move forward tonight and construction continues on this site and at a
later time it is identified hypothetically, as it is a possibility still, that
horizontal movement of TCE from this site may cause TCE contamination at
neighboring properties, if we allow this project to move forward, would that
in any way inhibit or preclude future mitigation efforts to isolate or remove
the TCE at this site? Are we closing any doors in the future if this
construction moves forward? That's, I think, my biggest concern. I want to
make sure that whatever happens on this site, does adding the homes on

                                                                         Page 50 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
