                          TRANSCRIPT
N.    Direct Staff to clarify Program 6.G.i. language; and

O.    Direct Staff to add protections for trees of a certain size; and

P.    Adopt the proposed alternate Vision Statement replacing Paragraph 5
      with, “opportunities presented by new development will be optimized
      and ensure that the forest thrives and is contiguous, complex, and
      resilient. Negative impacts of new development will be minimized.”

Mayor Burt: Did you want to comment any more on your Motion? I'm not
begging you to.

Council Member Holman: Just briefly. I want to thank Staff. One, Walter,
you've been here in these chambers as many hours as some of us have.
Thank you for that. Thank you because I think this document is so much
improved over where it was before. I appreciate the outreach that you did,
the people you've pulled together to work on these updated comments.
Really appreciate your efforts. We'll get you the funding you need.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I have amendments "Q" through "V." just kidding.
Thank you for the work on this. It really is much improved. I do want to
thank the stakeholder group. Apologies that we went late and they couldn't
stay. I support all these changes Karen made. I think there were a lot of
good improvements to the goals, policies and programs. I did have a
question, though. What do you want from us in terms of the canopy in
south Palo Alto? It wasn't clear what the attachment there—are you looking
for any direction from us on that portion of it?

Mr. Passmore: Not at this time. We are going to be coming back in the fall
with the final version. We will also include a final edition of the south Palo
Alto canopy analysis with recommendations and cost estimates for
implementing those. One of the big ones is going to be developing more
robust public-private partnerships.

Council Member DuBois: I have no other comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I think I'm actually going to have a hard time
supporting this, because I think it's very prescriptive, it's a lot of stuff. I
don't know what it means for Staff time. I haven't had a chance to fully
digest it. For some of us, we've been here for over 12 hours now because of


                                                                        Page 103 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
