                          TRANSCRIPT
to—when this item comes back continued, Staff will bring back this language
as a basis for discussion. We'll pick up where we left off.

Council Member Holman:       I'm not sure why we would withdraw the
amendment as opposed to just giving guidance as part of the amendment
that Staff would return with this. Otherwise, what are we sending them
away with?

Mayor Burt: If you've got a way to quickly do that.

Council Member Holman: To add to the Motion this language and at the end
of it "and to return" whatever the date's going to be "with this as a
discussion item as a part of the ...

Mayor Burt: I'd put it at the outset.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're not adding it to the Motion, though.         You're
coming with discussion. You're not adding to the Motion.

Mayor Burt: It should be right at the outset that says rather than Council
Member Holman moves, seconded—we can say that this Motion was on the
floor. Let's just put it that way. We just put it that way.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's (inaudible).

Council Member Holman: To put it what way? I'm sorry.

Mayor Burt: That this Motion was on the floor. That's what we're going to
do. We're going to pick up where we left off.

Council Member Holman: I do have one other clarification which is C above
that. It's not clear where Staff's intending to add "mass." It's supposed to
be ...

Mayor Burt: No, that says no mas. We're done. Not mass.

Council Member Holman: It's supposed to be added in 2D.        2D is where
"mass" gets added, mass, scale and character.

Mayor Burt: That was the prior Motion. Was that ...

Council Member Holman: Yes. I'm just clarifying it.

Mayor Burt: We take the Motion and the amendment restated and we're
going to continue all of this. This will be captured and come back to us
when we renew discussion.

                                                                    Page 108 of 114
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 9/12/16
