                         TRANSCRIPT
give you a little history on fairness. It goes back to why don't we have a
business license tax in Palo Alto. I hear that constantly. That was kind of
the fairness question. Everybody else has one. The answer goes back to
1987 when the City held a vote on a five percent utility surcharge. Came to
the Chamber and to the Stanford Research Park council and said, "Would
you do a five percent surcharge and support that if we did not have a
business license tax?" The answer was yes, notwithstanding that business
pays about 70 percent of the utility surcharge revenue. The Stanford
Research Park and El Camino area currently pay a transportation tax of
11.64 per square foot. Just more taxes. The Stanford Research Park has a
TDM already. Do they get taxed on top of that? It's sort of the fact of these
details. Where everybody was great for High Speed Rail until we thought
about that little detail about getting across High Speed Rail that was $1
billion. Retail is struggling everywhere. You heard that from Rob. We talk
about protecting the one percent golden goose, and then turn around and
impose the $15 minimum wage, which is fine unto itself, but then on top of
a head tax. Maybe try one and then maybe the next, see how it goes. It's a
blank check, General Fund. We had the blank check Transient Occupancy
Tax (TOT), promising parking structures, and we haven't seen anything on
that. The Mayor asked how much Downtown's paying for the TDM right
now. It's $45,000 out of a million. It's really $45,000 out of $100,000. The
City's got a budget of $100,000 to kick it off. Currently there's a Citywide
transportation tax of $33.54 per net new trip. The Business Registry was a
sign-up sheet for the business license tax as predicted. The data generated
has proved to be absolutely worthless. Downtown Parking District has tried
to engage Staff and Council on a revenue source for a Downtown TDM. Rob
talked about it; it's parking meters. When you start hearing a lot of anti-
business rhetoric, you forget about the unintended consequences of point of
sales. It's so easy in America today to move your sales office out of
Stanford Research Park, as an example. The net number, after you raise $6
1/2 million, I guarantee you is going to be zero or negative, because people
just act that way. We got a new Mercedes dealership; they're going to hit
the road. That was $2 million a year. SAP's request for HanaHaus to do a
liquor license for their events, turned down. They withdrew that. SAP
brought 3,700 new jobs to town. You don't like that. That one person from
the Council or Staff was there for their grand opening. These are messages.
Thank you for your time. Thank you for allowing me to run over a little.

Mayor Burt: Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by Bill Ross.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, I support placing a general
tax on the November 2018 ballot. I believe you should wait until then so
that you can complete and approve a Comprehensive Plan that will
determine the development potential and the Land Use Element, the
                                                                       Page 63 of 98
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/27/16
