                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: The other thing on doubling up, I think it is a really
important question, because it turns into more of game theory. If I place 24
votes on one item, does that outweigh what the eight of you think? I really
think we should say one vote per item.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: Cory's two questions were my two questions.
We've answered the doubling up; we haven't answered do you have to place
all your stickers. Just so we know what the rules of the game are, or the
activity, does it matter?

Mayor Burt: You can do with your stickers (crosstalk) you want except
doubling them.

Mr. Keene: Just do not take your stickers out of the building please.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman. You can cede me your votes if you
want. That's fine too.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. I had the same questions about
stickers. Thank you for that. You can collect all of the excess stickers that
eventuate. One clarifying thing, though, is I think Council Member DuBois,
Tom, referred to this. I think if we vote and put our stickers up before
there's any even realization of any additions, the things that get added are
at a definite disadvantage.

Mayor Burt: Let me suggest then a sequence of go write any additions, grab
food, then do stickers. Stickers are to be neither bartered nor sold.

Mr. Keene: The Staff will be back there with some paper and some Magic
Marker. You can write it up and stick it up underneath the Priority.

Vice Mayor Scharff: We're sticking with one sticker per (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to say we're definitely sticking with one
sticker per ...

Mayor Burt: No doubling up. We settled that. Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Got it.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.


                                                                        Page 52 of 86
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 01/30/16
