                         TRANSCRIPT
Hearing will pay $280” with “and/or a Director’s Hearing will pay a maximum
fee of $280, except in the case of an Appeal filed by an Applicant.”

Ms. Gitelman: I think where we were confused, there are two rows that
apply to the charges that would be charged to the Applicant. There's a legal
fee and a deposit. We will consolidate those based on "A."

Mayor Burt: Does "A" need to be more clear as to what its intent is?

Ms. Gitelman: I think we know what the intent is. It's to ...

Mayor Burt: Tell me what you think the intent is, and why don't we put that
language in there. To me, it's very general.

Ms. Gitelman: As I just indicated, I think that we discovered in reviewing
this this evening, that there are two rows in the Fee Schedule that would be
paid by the Applicant, a deposit of $3,000 and then a legal fee that's a flat
fee.

Mayor Burt: Would it be correct then to say clarify appeal fees would—what
are we saying? Can you offer language there? Is Jonathan taking a crack at
this?

Ms. Gitelman: You could say clarify the appeal fees to be paid by project
Applicants to require a single deposit for purposes of cost recovery.

Mayor Burt: Does that seem right?

Council Member DuBois: Yeah. We're only talking about appeal fees, right?
There would be other fees.

Ms. Gitelman: That's right.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add the Motion Part A, “to be paid by Project
Applicants into one deposit for the purposes of Cost Recovery.”

MOTION RESTATED: Council Member DuBois moved, seconded by Mayor
Burt to adopt a Resolution approving the specified changes to the Planning
and Community Environment fees based on the Cost of Services Study with
the following changes:

A.    Clarify appeal fees to be paid by Project Applicants into one deposit for
      the purposes of Cost Recovery; and



                                                                         Page 38 of 72
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/28/16
