                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Figone: However you guys want to manage it.

Council Member Holman: The one thing that I—this has always been a
problem. It's not just MRG. Four out of 13 responding about how did this
go is very poor response.       That's not MRG's responsibility or fault.
Sometimes what I've found is I get something like this—this is not an
excuse. It's (inaudible) responsibility. I get some of these from somebody
besides you, so I don't recognize a name. It's like I don't even remember
seeing this quite frankly.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I responded.

Council Member Holman: Good for you and thank you. Four out of 13 is
pretty poor. Maybe you could get with the City Clerk and say you have a
deadline here, are you aware of this, here it is, make sure you get this.

Ms. Figone: Flag it for you.

Council Member Holman:         Absolutely.   Especially when it comes from a
name …

Vice Mayor Scharff: I think that's a good point by the way.

Council Member Holman: Thank you. Especially when it comes from a
name that is just not recognizable to me.

Ms. Figone: Exactly.

Council Member Holman: And the subject line is not—it's descriptive, but it
doesn't flag it. You know what I mean?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd say that that's not just on the survey from MRG, and
it took me a while to figure that out. I was looking for your names. There's
a bunch of people there, and I don't recognize them. I get so many emails.

Council Member Holman: Don't we.

Ms. Figone: That's a very, very good (crosstalk).

Vice Mayor Scharff:    I thought you were just complaining about airplane
noise.

Ms. Figone: (crosstalk) on flagging.

Council Member Holman: Hang on a second here. I think I'm almost done.
Peer review. This has always been done kind of in an odd way, from my

                                                                                        Page 9 of 20
                                              Council Appointed Officer’s Committee Special Meeting
                                                                                Transcript 11/16/16
