                         TRANSCRIPT
neighborhoods will have the opportunity to either use them instead of a
single story overlay or in conjunction with an overlay. Thank you very
much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Zoe Joyner Danielson,
speaking on behalf of Michael Smolin, Anish Desai [phonetic], Babak Yari
[phonetic], Sara Smith [phonetic] and Don Danielson. Welcome.

Zoe Joyner Danielson, speaking for a group of five: Ladies and gentlemen of
the Council and the Mayor, I am not here with a happy thing for you tonight.
I am not a laconic speaker as so many erudite people that you have heard.
I'm going to speak tonight about the application process and its issues, the
unique disadvantages faced by my neighborhood and Royal Manor, and the
impact on diversity and community. The Royal Manor application process
has serious deficiencies in the process of signature collection, and it has
never really reached 70 percent level of support. Please don't pass it. Royal
Manor has unique restrictions, a flood zone, small lots that do not compare
to other SSO tracts. We want to establish Eichler-specific design regulations
that have broad support. My particular thing is to point out to you that we
already have existing homes on Torreya Court that are two-story Eichlers
designed by Mr. Eichler. You could use those as a basis for a design review.
Currently the Ordinance requires 70 percent of support; now it has only
about 63 percent.       Nineteen houses revoked their signatures.         The
Ordinance requires properly collected signatures. Signatures were collected
through pressure and misleading information and statistics. Many more
would have revoked their signatures if there had been a comprehensive
outreach to all 202 houses. We were misled by a false promise of a ballot.
The fact that we received or some of us received—I didn't happen to receive
anything. Said that the City would send postcards to all of the homeowners
asking if they opposed or supported the single story overlay. If someone
didn't return their card, it was supposed to be counted as a no vote. Many
people didn't read the second FAQ because they had already read the first
FAQ, and they did not never find out that there would be no ballot, that
signature collection alone would cause them to lose their property rights.
Reasons cited for voiding signatures included didn't know there would not be
a vote later, signature collectors never responded to questions. Here are
some specific ones taken from particular pieces of property.             One,
misinformed about proposal, pushy signature collectors, and the desire to
avoid confrontation. Signatures were gathered At Places like block parties
where people were actively supervising young children. Individuals showed
up at my door in a team of three, pressuring me to sign the petition with
only about seven minutes spent for me to think about it. No materials
arrived ahead of time, talking about this. No materials were available in
languages other than English. The people who don't speak English in my
                                                                       Page 69 of 93
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/18/16
