                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Thank you. In terms of future ideas, I'm really
interested in the online learning and maybe investigating whether libraries
can have subscriptions to paid online learning courses. I think that might be
an interesting area to explore. Just generally I'd like to see us—we're doing
pretty well in teen programs. I'd like to see us continue to push to increase
the amount of teens we get visiting and participating in those programs.
Thanks.

Vice Chair McDougall: Monique, do we not provide access to Massive Open
Online Courses (MOOCs) through the library today?

Ms. le Conge Ziesenhenne: We actually don't—we do provide it if the users
themselves come in. There are a number of meeting rooms that are
regularly in use by classes meeting. We have in the past offered things like
lynda.com. Use was so low that we didn't continue it. It may be a function
that there's greater interest now again, and we can investigate resuming
something like that or what other options there are. There is another one
that is specifically aimed at libraries that we're investigating adding as well.
We're testing it out to see how it works. Niche Academy, I think, was
another one that we were looking at.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I join my colleagues in thanking you for all the
information provided. It's really the first time that we have a chance to
have some real data from before our libraries closed to how they're doing
with all of them open. It's really wonderful to see the explosion in e-books,
the availability and numbers, the circulation of them. Just over the last
year, circulation has gone up 75 percent. Another remarkable thing is the
programs, the number and variety of programs that are being offered.
Again, it's a 50 percent increase over the last decade in number of people
participating in those programs. My colleague mentioned the meeting
rooms. I think that also the number of them has grown tremendously, and I
think their utilization—I'm not sure what it is. When I go to the libraries,
they are usually well used. Those are all indicators of remarkable success in
keeping up with the world of Palo Alto. I guess there are some numbers
comparing the last 10 years. The book collection remains basically constant
with what it was 10 years ago. Circulation is down by 12 percent over that
time. Now there's a substitution going on with e-books over books, but it is
a significant change. Maybe what's most disturbing is the number of visits
compared to 10 years ago is down. I thought with the new libraries, the
extended hours, that visits would have jumped up. I guess the attraction of
people to physical place has not grown over that time despite the success of
the programs and the meeting rooms. Maybe people are spending their

                                                                         Page 12 of 104
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 10/4/16
