                          TRANSCRIPT
couple of days about how you did it and what you anticipate your revenue
will be. This is clearly the direction we've been heading in. As I said to Eric,
he said they were being kind, and I guess that's the fair way to go. It'll be
nice to get full cost recovery.

Mayor Burt: We have one member of the public who wishes to speak,
perhaps more. First speaker is Judith Wasserman. Welcome. Our next
speaker is Herb Borock.

Judith Wasserman:         Good evening, Council Members and Mayor Burt.
Congratulations, a little late. I would like to protest these fees, especially
the residential fee increases. There's nobody making money—none of the
applicants are making money out of these projects. These are homeowner
projects. The owners are already bleeding, hemorrhaging money. Adding
more fees to it is only going to make it harder for everybody who is left in
town, who are trying to make their housing costs work. I would respectfully
ask the department to look at their efficiencies before they raise their fees.
It's not at all clear to me that we're going to be getting improved service for
more pay. I think there's too much focus on process which takes a long
time, and not enough focus on the product. Thank you very.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Herb Borock. Welcome.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members, I want to speak about the
appeal fee. Appeals are usually filed by citizens. It's a fee charged to the
appellant, not always to the applicant. It's only if the applicant is making an
appeal that the applicant is charged.        Under the current procedures,
someone who files an appeal and pays a fee isn't even guaranteed an appeal
hearing.    Under your current procedures, it's placed on the Consent
Calendar, and you have to decide whether or not to schedule an appeal. I
don't know how things work now, but it would seem that someone who pays
an appeal fee and doesn't get an appeal hearing should have the fee
returned. You should only have an appeal fee that pays for the appeal
hearing if you get one. Second, when everyone who filed an appeal got a
public hearing, originally there was no separate fee for the attorney. That
was changed about 10 years ago. Now, it looks like that fee has been
eliminated, but instead at least the same amount of money or more has
been added to the planning fee. It's essentially the same thing, but it's
being included as a cost. Considering the number of appeals that in the past
it was considered part of the normal work that one expects from the City
Attorney to pay for out of the City Attorney's budget to do the work on an
appeal. If the work's already been done and the attorney's work supports
the actions that have already been taken, that are being appealed, it doesn't
seem that there's that much extra to be done. I would want you to clarify

                                                                          Page 19 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
