                          TRANSCRIPT
we were able to take the time to build broad consensus, that option
shouldn't be off the table.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.        Do we have any questions on the outreach?
Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Actually I just wanted to make sure I was clear.
How much was the Transportation Management Association (TMA) involved
in this outreach?

Mr. Heath: There was certainly members of the Downtown TMA that were
part of the conversation that we had with the Chamber Board of Directors.
Folks participating in the Research Park TMA were part of that meeting as
well.

Council Member Wolbach: As far as the discussion that's on the Staff Report
about where the funding priorities would be, were the TMA and the Stanford
Research Park Transportation Demand Management (TDM) Working Group
very involved in that?

Mr. Keene: As it relates to the specific kind of projects (crosstalk)?

Council Member Wolbach: Yeah, where the money would go.

Mr. Keene: I don't think we really had time to get into that in depth.

Mr. Heath: Some of the questions around the administrative details and
how this would be structured get at that. They were wondering how would
this funding relate to existing TMA funding and to what extent would this
supplement or supplant existing funding.

Council Member Wolbach: Mayor Burt, as I mentioned earlier, I have a
couple of questions for Staff before we go to the public. Would now be an
appropriate time to ask those questions?

Mayor Burt: Let's continue with the questions just on the outreach and then
we'll come back for Staff. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Just one question about outreach. We discussed
at Committee the possibility and feasibility, given the timing of this, to be
able to do some outreach with residents in the community. Perhaps you'd
like to report on that.

Mr. Heath: Sure. We reached out to the neighborhood association group
and asked them if we could organize a broad-based town hall-type meeting.
There wasn't ample time in this timeline to do this prior to this meeting. I
                                                                          Page 56 of 98
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/27/16
