                         TRANSCRIPT
The Chair in the last paragraph there, Chair Foster asked for Staff's
comment on the disparity between the proposed credit rate of 7.5-cent and
the Palo Alto CLEAN price of 16.5-cent. Staff mentioned that the Palo Alto
CLEAN rate is available to all customers including residential customers, so
customers are free to participate in the Palo Alto CLEAN program and get the
16.5-cent rate for all the energy generated by their PV systems. I don't
recall that connection made anywhere else.

Mr. Abendschein: I'll just reiterate that answer. The Palo Alto CLEAN
program is open to residential customers, but it does require separate
metering and essentially providing all of the power from the solar system to
the City at the 16.5-cent rate.

Council Member Schmid: Anyone participating in the Net Energy Metering
(NEM) program can shift ...

Mr. Abendschein: This would not be available to ...

Council Member Schmid: ... to the CLEAN?

Mr. Abendschein: Could they shift to the CLEAN program? I think that's a
good question. We haven't had any inquiries on that front. I would have to
get back to you and look at the program rules on that.

Council Member Schmid: I thought the CLEAN program was very clearly
identified for a specific number of commercial projects. It was ...

Mr. Abendschein: It's a program that is mainly oriented at commercial
programs. It's mostly going to make sense for commercial customers. It is
technically available to residential customers; although, we don't really
expect many residential customers to take us up on that.

Council Member Schmid: Why shouldn't every one of them say, "I want the
16.5-cent return"?

Mr. Abendschein: I think one thing to remember is that customers—our
current top tier rate is more than 16 1/2 cents. Some of these customers
are able to—because you're able to use some of the energy onsite, some of
these customers are actually able to offset an even higher retail rate even
than the 16 1/2 cents. That's part of the reason. Also it's a bit of a complex
program for a smaller system. It really makes more sense for a larger
commercial system.

Council Member Schmid: That wasn't my understanding.

Mr. Abendschein: I think we actually have something ...
                                                                       Page 19 of 105
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 08/22/16
