                         TRANSCRIPT
reason to keep the CLEAN program is to use it as a testing ground for
community solar. Like 44 percent of Palo Alto residents, I'm a renter, so I'm
particularly eager for a way to buy into local solar projects and offset my
power usage at home.         The vast majority of Palo Alto's commercial
properties are also non-owner occupied. They are also not able to take
advantage of Net Energy Metering. It's, as people have pointed out, also
running out. The cost of fulfilling the rest of the Palo Alto CLEAN program
comes to less than 10 cents per month for the average customer. The City
Staff and the Utilities Advisory Commission have recommended continuing
the pilot program, so I'd like to ask you to please stop wasting all of our
time on trying to kill this small but important project and instead to direct
Staff to start developing a plan to achieve our goal of four percent locally
generated, clean power as quickly as possible. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Herb Borock, to be followed by
Jeralyn Moran.

Herb Borock:        Mayor Burt and Council Members, I support the
recommendation of the Finance Committee. I would suggest the first page
of the resolution be amended at the bottom of the page to track the actual
recommendation of the Finance Committee, which is to maintain the
contract price of 16.5 percent for those applications that have already been
received. You received some correspondence from people associated with
one of those applications who thought the purpose of this recommendation
was to reverse the decision that was made for them, but it is not. In fact,
it's just the opposite. It is to give them special consideration to keep the
16.5 percent. It would help maintain the legislative history to have the
resolution include that language so that there's no misunderstanding in the
future as to what action was taken. There has been some question about
the process.     The appropriate process was followed.         One of your
Commissions made a recommendation. Under normal procedure, it's a
subject that goes to your Finance Committee after the Utilities Advisory
Commission (UAC) makes the recommendation, and then comes to the
Council. It doesn't go back to the Commission to see whether they agree
with what the bodies above them are doing. They already had their chance.
In this particular case of a seven-member Commission, there was a
minimum number of four for a quorum and minimum vote of three out of
that vote to create a majority. That included Commissioner Cook who is the
Director of Development for the company First Solar. This project is mainly
a subsidy for people who are in the business of providing solar and who
cannot make the numbers work unless the other ratepayers subsidize them.
You've had that opportunity, and you've seen that you first had to raise the
price. It was originally less than 16.5 percent, and then a previous Council
raised it. I think having these examples that we have already is enough.
                                                                       Page 60 of 72
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 3/28/16
