                          TRANSCRIPT
approval of a special tax. As a subsequent follow-up question, we then were
more specific and said that while there were many ideas under
consideration, one approach could involve having medium and large Palo
Alto businesses pay an annual tax for each employee they have in the City.
Here you'll see that while a majority is supportive, it is a very soft majority.
Just 22 percent indicate they would definitely vote yes, significantly fewer
then qualify their support by saying they would either only probably vote yes
or are leaning in that direction. Obviously we haven't at this point given
voters a whole lot of detail about how the measure would be structured, so
understandably some of them may be hesitant. For a measure that requires
two-thirds supermajority support, as any special tax would, this one starts
out 10 points lower than the threshold that would be required for approval.
Just a few quick demographics to show you the key differences in support at
this level. There's more support among Democrats than there is among
Independents or Republicans; although, in each case we have at least a
plurality who indicate they would vote yes. More support among whites, a
slightly lower yes vote and higher undecided among Asian and Pacific
Islander voters. There's something of a gender gap as there often is on
revenue measures with 12 points more female voters telling us they'd be
inclined to vote yes as opposed to male voters. By age, sort of a "U" shape
with the strongest support coming from voters in the 50-64 age range.
Finally by household income, not a dramatic difference; although, the most
affluent households, those with more $250,000 in annual income, only
support it by a bare majority of 51 percent. Fundamentally, the question
that I showed you earlier about whether voters perceive the City to have a
need for additional funding seems to be very strongly correlated with the
level of support they're willing to offer for a transportation tax. Among the
slightly more than one-third of voters who perceive at least some need for
funding, they supported it well over the two-thirds level. Among those who
perceived little or no real need, just under half indicate that they would vote
yes. That's a pretty strong correlation, which I think suggests that an
understanding of the City's needs would need to be more widespread before
voters would be inclined to be supportive. That's where we start in terms of
support for this concept. We also tested some of the things that voters
might hear over the course of a campaign to see how fluid that support is
and whether it might reach the two-thirds level with additional information.
Over the course of the survey, we asked people four times how they would
be inclined to vote on a City transportation tax. The initial conceptual
question that just talked about a tax on businesses generally, where we had
67 percent support, it falls by 10 points when we say that the mechanism
may be a per employee tax, as I just showed you. After a series of positive
arguments in favor of such a measure, support rises again to almost the
two-thirds threshold, but just short of it. After an opposition argument, it
falls again to 61 percent, below the margin of error underneath that two-
                                                                        Page 107 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
