                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to offer a friendly amendment or two just
to provide a little bit more guidance here and some things that will improve
the language. Let's see if they take or not. I hope that Council Members
Kniss and Holman will consider them. First is—I guess they would actually
both be to "C." The first would be to create a stakeholder committee to
explore priority transportation needs, identify funding requirements, and
explore various funding options.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: I don't, but I think it's kind of implicit with what
the ...

Council Member Kniss: I do too. I'm okay with it.

Council Member Holman: I'm okay with it.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to Motion Part C, “to explore priority
transportation needs, identify funding requirements and explore various
funding options.”

Council Member Wolbach: The second would be—this one's again up to the
maker and the seconder if they want to accept it as friendly. I would
suggest also saying that "the stakeholder committee would ideally include
but not be limited to," and then it would list several potential participants
that we would invite to participate, including Stanford, SRP TDM Working
Group, our TMA and Palo Alto Unified as well as residents and other
members of the community. The TMA's not for Downtown; it's just our TMA.

Council Member Kniss: (inaudible)

Council Member Wolbach: I would also add as a separate invitation,
because it's a little bit different, the SRP TDM Working Group.

Council Member Kniss: I think the word "balance" is what you're after. I'm
worried, Cory, we're getting awfully prescriptive. I'm trying to keep this as
general as we can at this point. This is going to forward. Pat will have a lot
to do with where we head with this. I can understand why we should
include all that. I'm not going to strike it down, but I probably wouldn't go
quite that far. Karen, where are you on this?

Council Member Holman: I'm okay with the list. My concern is—I think I
heard somebody down there say the word balance.
                                                                        Page 90 of 98
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 6/27/16
