                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman, if I can offer this concept, because I
share your interest in that. To request Staff at the time of the awarding of
the contract to provide an update to the Council on responses within the RPP
program as a result of the impacts of this Bike Plan. We would have that
report to Council and an opportunity to review it at that time.

Council Member Holman: That's good.

Mr. Mello: Just to clarify, you would like a report that details based on the
latest occupancy study that we've done for RPP, how we anticipate these
projects affecting the supply of parking in the immediate area.

Mayor Burt: And whatever adjustments you're making to the permit sale as
a result of those impacts.

Council Member Holman: I have one other question.

Mayor Burt: Let's see whether the Staff captured that. The amendment
would be at the time of the awarding of the Bryant—how should we describe
it? It's not just the Bryant contract—the Bike Plan construction contract,
Staff will report to the Council how any adjustments that have been made to
the plan in response to the results of Phase 2 of the RPP. I should say any
adjustment to parking. That's what it is.

Mr. Mello: There may be adjustments made to RPP based on the bike
boulevard as well. It could work both ways.

Mayor Burt: Or adjustments to the RPP in response to the Bike Boulevard
Plan. Does that get it right?

Council Member Holman: Yes.

Mayor Burt: Is that acceptable to the maker and seconder as well as Council
Member Holman?

Council Member Kniss: Yes. I think that's also going to be interesting. As
you look at the end of Phase 1, Phase 2, tying them all in together could be
an interesting and difficult Staff response to have. I think having it in there
at least takes care of it now, even though it won't be looked at again
probably for quite some time.

AMENDMENT RESTATED AND INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION
WITH THE CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the
Motion, “at the time of the awarding of the bike construction contract, direct
Staff to report to the Council any adjustments to parking that have been
made to the Bicycle Boulevard Plan in response to the Downtown Residential
                                                                        Page 53 of 124
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/9/16
