                          TRANSCRIPT
from FAR. Let me explain to help out the issue on Number 3 about the
service drive. Mr. Lait is exactly right that there is an exemption in the Code
if the area isn't being used for things like service, if it's just general covered
area. We quoted the rule that if it is being used for service, then it counts
as FAR. That's the problem, because that area would again put the building
over its allowed total FAR. There's a phrase in the law that says if it's not
being used exclusively, it doesn't count. There's another phrase that we
quote, if it is being used exclusively, it does count. We just quoted the one
that says it does count as, I think, sufficient for this. I didn't hear all of the
comments about the loading area, but I just don't see how the car wash
works if somebody's parked in the loading area there. I don't think the
circulation there is right. We mentioned the 50-foot height limit with other
people as being more than—by the way, one last comment until the buzzer
gets me. You might ask why is a building that's 0.6 FAR so tall. It's a four-
story building. How do you get such a big building? The answer is you don't
count it all in FAR.

Mayor Burt: Herb Borock to be followed by Bill Garrett.

Herb Borock: Mayor Burt and Council Members. The action before you is
whether to adopt a Mitigated Negative Declaration and to approve a site and
design application. To me, the two key pieces of information that should be
available to the public to be able to participate in this evening's discussion of
the item are the Mitigated Negative Declaration and the plans. You received
a copy of the Mitigated Negative Declaration in this week's packet that you
received, I guess, on Thursday. The Clerk has provided, as is the custom
and requirement or law, copies of what you receive, because that's required
under the Government Code so the public can be seeing the same things
that you see. In that packet compilation that you received for this meeting
with the packet for next week's meeting, it's missing the Mitigated Negative
Declaration. I inquired as to why that was the case, and it was because
Staff only provided nine copies. They didn't provide a copy for the public to
have at the meeting. There's certainly no copies of the plans for the public
to see to be able to participate. In the absence of those things, I think the
appropriate thing to do would be to continue this to a meeting when the law
is obeyed and there is at least a copy for reference. Not one that the public
can take away, but at least a copy for reference for anyone who wants to
participate to be able to review the Mitigated Negative Declaration and the
plans that you have before you. In the absence of having that information
and not being able to effectively participate on the item specifics, I would
refer you back to, I believe it was last week's meeting when you were
discussing sea level rise. This idea that this part of town, which would be
subjected to sea level rise inundation and would be affecting properties, is a
place to have fiscalization of land use and justifying a project on the basis of
                                                                             Page 108 of 128
                                                                        City Council Meeting
                                                               Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
