              CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
               TRANSCRIPT
                                                                 Regular Meeting
                                                                October 17, 2016

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:07 P.M.

Present:    Berman, Burt, DuBois arrived at 6:11 P.M., Filseth arrived at
            6:09 P.M., Holman, Kniss arrived at 6:09 P.M., Scharff, Schmid,
            Wolbach

Absent:

Special Orders of the Day

1.    Life Saving Recognition Ceremony to Recognize Police and Fire First
      Responders for Saving a Young Man.

Mayor Burt: Our first item tonight is a Special Order of the Day, which is a
recognition of lifesaving that was performed by members of the community
and the Police and Fire Department as first responders. We're recognizing
tonight two groups of citizens and Public Safety Staff who worked together
to save the lives of community members who suffered sudden cardiac
arrest. As most of you know, sudden cardiac arrest is a condition in which
the heart suddenly and unexpectedly stops beating. If this happens, blood
stops to the brain and other vital organs. Sudden cardiac arrest usually
causes death if not treated within minutes. I'd like to introduce Fire Chief
Eric Nickel and Police Chief Dennis Burns who will provide some background
on the lifesaving calls that we were the beneficiaries of in this community.
Welcome, Chiefs.

Eric Nickel, Fire Chief: Thank you and good evening. Fire Chief Eric Nickel.
I will be speaking first. The first thing I want to give you is just a little quick
background on why this system works. One of the most important, if not
the most important, functions of city government is public safety. Those
occasions where everything comes together, tonight we're recognizing some
rescuers where all four key pieces came together. We call this the links of
survival. When somebody is having a cardiac arrest, heart attack, cardiac
event where their heart stops, whether it's sudden cardiac arrest or
something related to the heart, the first key in that is early access to our
City's 911 system.       The second key to that is early Cardiopulmonary


                                                                          Page 1 of 111
