                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: "D."

Council Member Filseth: I'm sorry. I want to ask about "A."

Ms. Gitelman: I'm sorry. Edgewood.

Mr. Keene: Basically within three days, we're going to be charging $5,000 a
day.

Council Member Filseth: $5,000 in three days. At what point does this
come back to Council? Suppose a year goes by, and there's no grocery
store, and we're still charging $5,000 a day. Should it come back and we
review it again, and maybe it goes to $10,000 or something like that?

Mayor Burt: Let me just try to bring that up there. We had a letter from
Arthur Keller and Lydia Kou, who raised the question of outside of this
Penalty Schedule a mechanism by which this kind of violation of a PC would
necessarily return to the Council after a review of three years after the
project. It's kind of a question of why hasn't this already come back outside
of the Fee Schedule for an individual PC action.             That's the other
mechanism.

Ms. Gitelman: Council Member Filseth, the Mayor is correct. There's a
provision in this PC Ordinance that says three years after occupancy the
applicant is to request a review for compliance. That can result in hearings
at the Planning Commission and at the Council. That's a provision we'll be
bringing to the applicant's attention. Presumably in the new year, we can
schedule hearings at both the Commission and the Council. Again, it's just a
question of prioritization and work load at this point about how soon we can
make that happen.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. Maybe that's the process. I'm just
wondering if there needs to be a provision in here that it comes back to
Council to be reviewed in a year or something like that.

Ms. Stump: Council Members, if I may. The purpose of an Administrative
Fee Schedule is to authorize the Staff to deal with this on a ticket basis.
These are typically Code Enforcement Officers, who then have the authority
of Council when there is a violation of substantive law to address it through
the preapproved penalty amount. In the PC situation or in other situations
where there are specific laws that apply, there may be additional processes.
That's what Mr. Keller and Ms. Kou pointed out and Ms. Gitelman just spoke
about. In the PC situation at Edgewood, there is that other process that can
also be accessed.

                                                                       Page 45 of 90
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/7/16
