                         TRANSCRIPT
contamination. That's a suggestion that the contamination hadn't been fully
identified, I thought.

Council Member Holman: That's correct. I think we're saying the same
thing. My question is, is that home far enough away from the point of larger
contamination. It wasn't clear if there had been done enough drilling done
or sampling done.

Ms. Gallardo: For most of the sampling location ...

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Just a second. Our procedures are that
members of the public or the applicants have to be called on to be able to
speak. Council Member Holman, if you want to ask a question of the
applicant or whoever.

Council Member Holman: You're welcome to respond to the question.

Ms. Gallardo: Sorry about that. For most of the sampling locations, there
was an additional sampling location between where we had a higher
concentration and then a low concentration before the home. The one
location that Mr. Siegel pointed out, there was in fact not an additional
sampling location to the home, but one right near or on that same lot, where
we did not get an elevated concentration of TCE.

Council Member Holman: If the sampling was on or near the lot and it didn't
show much, that doesn't indicate necessarily to me that it was 50 feet from
the point of the intense toxic situation.

Ms. Gallardo: Honestly, I have not measured it. At that location, there is
not an issue of TCE beneath that home.

Council Member Holman: My other questions have to do with Staff. There
was something stated earlier that none of the streets had changed. Looking
at the maps, there is a new cul de sac, an Amherst Court. There was a
comment made also that there are now no sidewalks on Amherst. Can Staff
respond to those questions please?

Ms. Gerhardt: Related to the additional cul de sac off of Amherst, I assume
you're wanting to address the fire issue. Is that your concern with that one?

Council Member Holman: Width and fire issue both. Is it navigable? Is it
fire accessible? It looks to be a right-angle turn.

Ms. Gerhardt: Yes. That's the same as the other cul de sacs that are within
the development. Many years ago when this project was appealed to
Council, there were concerns about cul de sacs. There are on the other end
                                                                       Page 57 of 80
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 6/28/16
