                          TRANSCRIPT
to. That municipal fee would follow the rules that it would have to capture
the cost that the City bears for the activity and only those costs. It would
have the same sort of test as Prop 218, but it would not require a ballot
measure. We've had discussions with the concerned members of the public
so they understood that we are very certain that we can divorce these two
issues.

Council Member Holman: Can you give any other examples or is that what
the City Attorney is going to provide?

Molly Stump, City Attorney: No, I'm not going to give you a full menu of
options. First of all, I concur with everything Phil said with one small tweak.
The Council directed that we come back to you for further direction before
we do a full workup of this question. We are preparing to do that. We have
done some preliminary work, and we do believe, as Phil said, that there are
some options for moving forward. The storm water fee that's going forward
with this ballot is clearly a property-related fee under Prop 218, so you're
going through an elaborate set of actually two sets of procedures in order to
put that before the property owners for final approval. This other thing
we're looking at is really different in its character. It's kind of a single use;
although, it goes on for a period of weeks or months, but one time at a
property. We do think there are some other ways that we can attack that.
We haven't done a full workup on it, again pending Council telling us that
that is what you want us to do. We do believe that there will be ways to go
forward with a cost-based fee. My little tweak to what Phil said is that we
actually would be in the Proposition 26 world and not in the Prop 218 world.
In the area of municipal tax regulation, it's a different sort of thing, but we
think that going forward with what's before you tonight doesn't preclude you
from addressing that issue in the future.

Council Member Holman: That's very helpful. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: I just wanted to follow up with that. Phil, I was actually
really surprised to see that on our Council agenda, because it had been on
the Policy and Services Agenda for October, and then it was on December's.
My recollection of Council direction was to bring this back to Policy and
Services and not come directly to Council on it. It doesn't seem appropriate
that Staff is changing that.

Mr. Bobel: Here's the dilemma we faced. If we bring it back to Policy and
Services, it adds a significant amount of time prior to the ballot measure
before the residents that are concerned about this would know whether
we're moving forward with this at all. As one of the members of the public,
                                                                         Page 50 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 10/24/16
