                          TRANSCRIPT
mentioned. The Parks Master Plan and the Urban Forest Master Plan, I
didn't hear those. Those also, I think, are things that people will really have
at their disposable, and they will see the effect of the outcomes of those
plans. I think it's really important that we do those. The office cap and the
retail protections, you mentioned those. I think they're also things that
people are realizing and maybe not fully appreciating in all regards. I think
the retail protection has been very important in this still-hot office economy.
The things that I mentioned about—sometimes the most rewarding are the
things that again people can have direct relationship with. Working with
Council Member Kniss and Staff to save the CineArts Theater, that's a
shorter-term salvation; we'll look for a longer-term existence of that entity
in our community. Those sorts of things really do highlight the citizen
engagement as well as what's important to the community, because they
step up and talk about what's important to them. The improvements that
have been made in these chambers that help us and help the public, I think,
and help the media as they report on these meetings are with the Clerk's
help and with IT's help—we have the screens up here. We're going to put
our motions and have lists of the speakers so people can follow along of
what's going on. We, all of us, have more assurance of what we're voting on
and the public can see what we're voting on. I think that's been a huge
accomplishment. That's certainly been since Mayor Burt has been on. We
also eliminated a number of parking exceptions, many of which seem to lead
to abuses and little, if any, reduced trips. I think we've taken some very
positive actions there. The golf course, of course, and the flood protections.
Healthy Cities, I'm really pleased that finally got a priority status. We've
made great strides there. You mentioned employee contract negotiations
and improvements there. Those are the kinds of things that don't have the
kind of recognizability and the real-world experience that some of the other
things do. Nevertheless, they're just as important. You touched on a lot of
these things, but not necessarily every one of them. Thank you for putting
together a framework for us.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Good job, Mayor Burt, nice summation. You always
forget how much you've done until somebody recites it back to you.
Perhaps one of the areas that you did mention, but I don't recall it, was
Cubberley. Did you have that discussion? I think one of the challenges that
faces us in the year or two or three ahead is going back to Cubberley again.
We're in a middle of a lease with Cubberley. We have great potential there.
As you did allude to, Pat, we worked closely with the schools especially when
the challenge was there that brought about Project Safety Net. I think that's
one of the areas that I would most like to see us work closely with the
schools, looking at Cubberley, looking at how we all are interacting together.
                                                                          Page 7 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
