                          TRANSCRIPT
We would analyze that variation and ensure it falls within the range that
we've analyzed. That grocery bag is going to include some things out of the
other bags. There's going to be some mixing and matching. Even in that
final analysis of the preferred alternative, it's going to be a combination of
elements. We just simply can't at a sufficient level of detail analyze each
one of the components we've identified in these tables.

Mayor Burt: There's a big difference between each one and none. When I
look at a lot of the variations that are in these different tables, it's hard for
me to understand how our consultant will be able to come up with a
conclusion for a scenario without having built that up on certain building
blocks. I'm looking at the Zoning Code amendments, for example. We talk
about changing commercial densities for some residential densities in
downtowns. One, we don't specify what those new densities would be, but
there would be certain assumptions. I would assume that impact—that runs
across several different scenarios. The consultant would have to say if that
was done to this degree in the Downtown—I'll make certain assumptions—it
would have this impact in terms of switching from job growth to housing
growth in a general area. That can be unbundled. If we have an alternative
where we're looking at a mechanism to moderate employment densities,
that's shown under Scenarios 5 and 6. Whatever that mechanism might be
under 5 and 6, I don't understand why we wouldn't be able to moderately
discretely look at the impact of that mechanism and apply it to 3. I want to
make sure that the question is understood and answered as it's intended.
Not that we would infinite ability to precisely know the impact of everyone of
these measures if they were unbundled. What amount of information are we
going to have about different measures?

Ms. Gitelman: I think I understand your question. Let me see if I can
respond. The function of an EIR is disclosure as much as anything else. The
idea of a programmatic EIR is to disclose at a pretty high level what the
elements of the project alternatives are and what the relative impacts of
those alternatives would be. That's what we're trying to do. The analysis
itself, the analysis of impacts, is based to a large extent on the quantitative
features of the alternatives that we've already identified, jobs, housing,
square footage, population and on infrastructure choices. The combination
of the quantitative measures and the infrastructure choices are what drive a
lot of the impacts analysis. The policy choices that we're defining, the
preferences in terms of zoning changes, the one that you mentioned, Mayor
Burt, we want to disclose those as policy measures that may be considered
in the Comp Plan Update and policy choices that would drive the job
numbers in the case of employment densities that we're analyzing as part of
these alternatives. The job numbers are lower than what ABAG projects
under business as usual, so we need to have a policy basis for projecting a
                                                                          Page 52 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
