                             TRANSCRIPT
     ii.       Add to Proposed Zoning Code Amendments Row 8, “in the
               Community Commercial 2 (CC-2) district, the allowable 2.0 FAR
               would be reduced to an FAR of 1.5 near California Avenue;” and

     iii.      Remove from Table 4 Row 13, “performance-based zoning”; and

B.      Scenario 6:

        ii.    Add to Table 2 Scenario 6, ‘reduce parking requirements for
               residential   developments       when in conjunction   with
               Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and adjacent to on
               street parking restrictions;” and

C.      Scenarios 5 and 6:

        i.     Add to Table 3, “Coordinated Area Plans, (Precise Plans) would
               become a routine planning tool in Palo Alto;” and

        ii.    Replace in Table 4 Row 9, “grade separation of Caltrain in a
               trench below Charleston and Meadow” with “infrastructure
               investments to look at grade separations at all grade crossings
               and;” and

        iii.   Add to Table 2 Row 9, “potentially” after “regulations and;” and

        iv.    Add to Table 5, “protecting and enhancing the urban forest as
               natural infrastructure;” and

        v.     Replace in Table 1 Column 2, “2.7 million” with “2.4 million;”
               and

        vi.    Replace in Table 2 Row 7, “remove constraints on the addition of
               Accessory Dwelling Units (ADUs)” with “reduce constraints on
               the addition of ADUs;” and

        vii.   Replace in Table 3 Row 8 “development by right” with “modified
               regulations;” and

D.      In the Final Environmental Impact Report (FEIR) direct Staff to:

        i.     Provide unbundled impacts of policies and programs to the
               degree that such information can be gleaned from the analysis;
               and

        ii.    Where applicable, identify lead or responsible party for a given
               program.
                                                                           Page 89 of 92
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 8/29/16
