                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: You kind of ended up where my thinking started. I
think we first need to decide what we talked about. Are we trying to hone in
on a likely preferred scenario or are we still data collecting and trying to test
the bounds? I was hoping we were getting to the point where we're starting
to hone in. This has been a long conversation on this Comp Plan. I think
we've heard from the public tonight. We've heard another (inaudible), so
it's really hard for the public to respond to multiple DEIRs and multiple
scenarios. I think we're making it very hard on the public. The other thing
is that I can see us starting to use shorthand, and we refer to Scenario 2 or
Scenario 4, but we also add this thing of mixing and matching. What people
mean by those things varies, and it gets very confusing. I think we like a
component of Scenario 2 and a component of Scenario 4. I get the feeling,
listening to my colleagues, that we're really leaning towards testing
boundaries. If that's where we are, then we really need to separate into
these two distinct scenarios and really have a five and a six. I'm hearing
very different things, and I think we should just do that. I think we need the
legitimate slow-growth scenario as was originally described when the idea of
a fifth scenario was introduced, which is Scenario 2 housing, some less
amount of jobs, but applying all the sustainability things and traffic things
that are really orthogonal to all the scenarios. There's a lot in the S/CAP
Plan that we're going to do regardless of scenario. We should treat the
scenarios that way. I would see that as Scenario 5. On the performance-
based approaches, I actually went, like I said, and reread the transcripts of
the past meetings. I don't think Council signed up for that before. I think it
was beyond what we talked about. I agree we should maybe have some
pilots and talk about it in regards maybe to smaller housing units Downtown
with performance-based measures around those units. I'm not ready to sign
up for that across the whole City as part of the Comp Plan. If we had
Scenario 6, kind of the go big scenario, again I'd be willing to evaluate it as
a data collection exercise. We could have the 10,000 units; we could have
lots of ADUs; we could have no height limit, little parking; see what comes
out. Again, I would also want to have the 21st century suburban model as
well. I agree with a lot of what Council Member Filseth said. We can argue
about what Palo Alto is. I think it's an exurb that grew up around a train
station originally, and then we went through a period of suburban growth. A
lot of our neighborhoods are very suburban, and we have a downtown area.
We're also a small city among a lot of other cities that interconnect. We
haven't really had much discussion about what the amount of job growth
could be that we would test in an EIR. Staff is suggesting 10 percent less.
I'd like to understand, particularly with the idea of regulating employment
that's (inaudible) in existing buildings. I know there was a discussion about
that, could we go lower.         It wasn't only looking at new commercial
                                                                         Page 99 of 122
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/16/16
