                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: I'm not aware of complaints; there could have been some. I
suspect there were a very limited number to our Police Department. Over
the years, they have done sting operations of the type I described, that we
would do in the future. In the last year, I don't believe we did any.

Council Member Holman: You're talking of not having any Staff to do Code
enforcement for the apartments. My issues are with Number 1 and Number
2; they're not with Number 3. The undercover sting operations, I don't
know how we would have Staff to do that either.

Mr. Bobel: The Police Department has committed to do one round of those
per year. Those resources, they believe, they can find, but that's it.

Council Member Holman: If there wasn't outreach to these 29 retailers, was
there any extrapolation of what kind of financial impact on the business
these kinds of fees would have on their ability—the reason I'm asking this is
I know of maybe one place that sells only tobacco products. Pretty much
every place else that I know about—just to be clear, I'm not a smoker—that
sells tobacco products also sells any number of other things like magazines
or wine or whatever. I'm just wondering what kind of impact these fees
would have on their ability to continue business. Was there any kind of
extrapolation of that impact?

Mr. Bobel: We felt it would not be significant. As Nicole pointed out, we
think in the first year it could be $340 plus $425 for a total of roughly $800.
In subsequent years, it would be roughly $400. We did not feel that was
going to drive anybody out of business.

Council Member Holman: Based on? The reason I ask the question is
because—we heard retailers talking about to some of them the impact of—it
may sound silly, but retail is not the easiest brick and mortar business to be
in these days, even paying a $50 business license registration fee. I'm not
going to defend or not that, but those were comments we actually got from
people. It seems maybe a little cavalier to think that $340 or $425 is not a
significant impact to these retailers.

Mr. Bobel: I would point out we discussed this several times at the Policy
and Services Committee. It's been noticed a number of times. We haven't
had that comment.

Council Member Holman: Isn't it typical in process and practice, though, to
do outreach, especially when you've only got 29 businesses? I'll stop there.
You hear my concerns.


                                                                         Page 53 of 81
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 12/5/16
