                         TRANSCRIPT
the realm specifically of apps., of which we have many, we have an
increasing number of library capabilities now digitally available from a smart
phone. Everything from borrowing digital books to downloading music, a
whole lot of other things like that. One of our treasures is Palo Alto 311,
which now is used by all the appropriate community-facing services in the
City. I was looking for an updated number, but I have a number that's just
a couple of months old which shows that we've had now well in excess of
2,000 downloads of the Palo Alto 311 app., both for the iPhone and Android,
and around about 2,000 requests are now coming through the smart phone
device. What might the requests be? We get requests around Code
Enforcement.      We get questions about park drinking fountains.          The
community members have been using it to Report drought-specific water
waste issues. Of course everyone's favorite, for reporting potholes. The
service now is entirely transparent. When someone Reports an issue, they
see when a Staff member is dispatched. They see now when it's repaired.
Now, they can even evaluate our service at the end of the lifecycle using
Palo Alto 311. Our police Colleagues have an app. for logging non-urgent
police items as well as timely information on public safety-related items.
That's through the police app. This is just a sample of the 60 different
digital services. If anyone would like to access these at any time, I have
included the link there, which is cityofpaloalto.org/services. Within the
services, we also have a Palo Alto app. store where we have our different
apps. listed. What is the future of digital services? There's no question that
we are increasingly moving to technology platforms for delivering City
services.     My expectation is we would continue to see departments
embracing different apps. for different things. Just today we launched in
partnership with the Transportation Management Association a produce
called Scoop which is like an Uber but for workers to get to work. That's an
example of now us embracing more and more tech. for achieving some
important goals for the City. With that, I wanted to just finish real quick—
see, that was brief—and talk about Hawaii for a second. In Boston they sort
of solved their fire hydrant problem by having people dig around them. It
was so popular people would compete over which fire hydrants to adopt.
After its success, the Mayor of Honolulu called the Mayor of Boston and said,
"We're interested in your snowmageddon app." I don't know about you, but
I've been to Hawaii many times. On the sea level, it doesn't snow. On the
volcanoes, it does; there's some snow up there. You'd wonder why was the
Mayor of Honolulu calling. In Hawaii, they have an issue around the
potential for tsunamis.       Occasionally, when there's earthquakes in the
Pacific, it creates tsunamis. As a result, there are what are called tsunami
sirens that circle all the islands. Fortunately, tsunamis don't happen often,
so these sirens go into disrepair. They get rusty; the wires break. More
often than not, the batteries get stolen. When they're needed, the sirens do
not work. What the Mayor of Honolulu wanted to do was to have people
                                                                        Page 8 of 107
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/4/16
