                          TRANSCRIPT
coming months.    I really appreciate the opportunity to be heard this
evening. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Brian Hofer to be followed by
Paul George. Welcome.

Brian Hofer: Mayor, Honorable Council Members, my name is Brian Hofer.
I'm a member of the Oakland Privacy Working Group, and I chaired a
Citizens Privacy Advisory Committee at Oakland City Hall, which has now
crafted two privacy policies for surveillance equipment. I've also worked
with the Alameda County Board and a District Attorney on what I believe is
the nation's strongest stingray use policy in the country. I've worked with
Supervisor Simitian and the Santa Clara Staff on their current ordinance. I
encourage you to go down this path. Everything that I've read in this
Colleagues Memo is directly on point. Santa Clara has actually leapfrogged
us a little bit. If you're going to look at a model, I do encourage you to look
at Supervisor Simitian's draft.       They spent over ten months receiving
feedback from the Public Defender, District Attorney, Sheriff and others; it's
been vetted very well. I want to talk—as we heard from the budget Staff
just earlier, one of the obstacles you might face or concerns that you're
going to face is Staff time. As someone that's been through the process, I
just want to share a little bit of what we went through. For one, if you use
Supervisor Simitian's ordinance, the ordinance is drafted. Secondly, while
Oakland's annual compliance reports are premature, I can't share those with
you. Menlo Park has been doing it on a quarterly basis with their license
plate readers. Those reports are two pages long. It's not too much of a
burden to produce those. Secondly, what about the underlying use policies
themselves if you do get the overarching global ordinance? You're going to
be writing individual use policies for equipment that you've approved the use
of. Oakland created a very robust policy and procedures. We took a long
time with that. Once we created our second policy, it took one hour. We sat
down with the helicopter team; it was a thermal imaging camera that the
helicopter used. We quizzed them, how to do you intend to use this, what
do you need it for, what sort of data sharing might you be doing, how long
do you need to retain the data. Then, we modified the template that we
already have. You're going to face some of these concerns. I assure you
that once you clear that initial burden, that burden is lessened quite a bit. I
don't want to make it sound so casual that you're just approving surveillance
equipment and policies.        The burden really will disappear.     It's good
government; it leads to transparency. It's not to exclude the Palo Alto Police
Department from having a voice, but it allows others to also have input into
the self-determination of what is appropriate in Palo Alto. I encourage you
to keep doing this. Thanks.

                                                                         Page 55 of 67
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/25/16
