                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Alternative 1, which is the one-way separated bikeway is on both
sides. Coming from Bryant Street is fairly easily. You go down Kingsley,
and then you're fed directly into the one-way bikeway that goes into the
Stanford campus. Coming east, you would dead end at Emerson unless we
could get a cycle track along Embarcadero between Emerson and Bryant.

Council Member Berman: You mentioned the goal of that. To what extent
have you guys looked into that possibility and is it achievable or are there
certain things that totally eliminate the possibility?

Mr. Mello: Today, it's fairly constrained. There are some trees in the
planting strip, pretty significant trees, so we couldn't use the planting strip
for the cycle track. The sidewalk is only about, I think, six feet wide. We'd
either need to repurpose part of the sidewalk or we would need to acquire
some right-of-way along the school frontage in order to get the cycle track
all the way to Bryant.

Council Member Berman: Another kind of a requested improvement was
switching the pedestrian and bike path configuration east of Alma to be
consistent and continuous with the pedestrian and bike path on the west
side. Am I right that that just means having the sidewalk in one place and
the bike path in another and vice versa?

Mr. Mello: That's very easy to do. That would be a simple change. That
only applies to Alternative 1.

Council Member Berman: There's no downside to doing that?              You guys
have looked at this. Is there an upside or is it just consistency?

Mr. Mello: The upside would be we could keep cyclists on the same side all
the way through the corridor from beginning to end.

Council Member Berman:       You guys kind of view this as something that
makes sense to do?

Mr. Mello: We could definitely make that change.

Council Member Berman: Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: I know we should be asking questions, so I'll make it
into a question. I think it's the obvious.

Mayor Burt: No. If it's a comment, let's just save it and we'll get to it later.

                                                                         Page 72 of 120
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/19/16
