                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: New requirements such as?

Mr. Perez: Looking at any triggers for prevailing wages, we need to look at
that. We need to understand their projects better, so we need to have that
discussion. That's why we said we need to—in the terms we have language
under packet page 895 legal boilerplate, the lease term should be consistent
with the City's updated lease template. Those are the type of discussions we
need to have. Understanding their projects and ensuring that requirements
are set and we have some of that language in the terms as well to ensure
that the permitting process and review process happens.

Council Member Holman: I was hoping actually we could do this last year,
because it was an anniversary year for them. I'm going to move the Staff
recommendation. I just was hoping that all the issues could have been
resolved and questions resolved before it came to the Council. I'm happy to
have the museum have the assurance that this is going to happen, but it
would be nice if it was kind of like more stitched together. I'll move the
Staff recommendation.

Council Member Filseth: Second.

Mayor Burt: That was seconded by Council Member Filseth.

MOTION: Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council Member
Filseth to authorize the City Manager or his designee to negotiate and enter
into a new twenty five (25) year lease agreement between the City of Palo
Alto and Museum of American Heritage (MOAH) for the City owned property
at 351 Homer Avenue, Palo Alto upon expiration of the current lease
agreement in 2017.

Mayor Burt: Did you wish to speak further to your Motion?

Council Member Holman:        Only just thank you to the Board and the
organizers and the original organizers of the Museum of American Heritage.
It is a really great community asset, especially at Christmas time with the
LEGO exhibit which attracts, I think, thousands of kids.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: My kids like the LEGOs.

Mayor Burt: I had cleared the board. Now we have anyone who feels
obligated to speak to the Motion. Council Member DuBois.



                                                                     Page 69 of 125
                                                               City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 2/1/16
