                          TRANSCRIPT
once a year, several weeks over the year, you do a monitoring of the known
net new trips. How do you do that?

Ms. Poling: We don't do it; we review the results. The County does it with
their own consultant; although, Fehr & Peers set the standard when we were
doing the due diligence for the Conditional Use Permit (CUP) 14, 15 years
ago now. What we did and what they do now is—I think it's two weeks in
the fall and six weeks in the Spring, a total of eight weeks—they measure
the traffic in and out during the peak periods at all the 16 campus gateways.
They then measure what kind of through-traffic there might be to extract
that. They measure what kind of hospital traffic might be caught in that,
and they extract that. They do a really quite scientific job of measuring
what traffic is entering and exiting the campus during the peak hours as
compared to what it was when the GUP was approved.

Council Member Schmid: Those are actual counts?

Ms. Poling: Yes.

Council Member Schmid: All of us have experience running into grad
students from Stanford who talk about their jobs of "I'm working with this
startup company, having a wonderful time." Have you taken that kind of
activity into account in your trips?

Ms. Poling: I think the trip rates actually kind of reflect some of that
activity, because you see residents that travel out in the morning and back
in, in the evening. Some of that is spouses, and there is a small, about 10
percent total—eight percent non-Stanford spouses in the mix at Escondido
Village. I think it's also reflecting some of that, people going out to do jobs
off campus during the typical commute hours. They're going off peak away
from campus in the morning and back in, in the evening. It's not a large
effect, but I think that explains some of the trip making that we see with the
residential rates. The residential rates for the GUP were developed by
counting all of Escondido Village for a number of days and just measuring
what was happening.

Council Member Schmid: I guess what I'm trying to count, though, is the
new trips you'd be generating from people who are currently in the
community doing job-to-home as well as job-to-school who now do that
from Escondido.

Ms. Poling: I think it all comes out in the rates, because we've got
commuter rates and we've got residential rates. Theoretically they're—
again, it's many years ago now, but it was capturing all the trip making by a
resident including job-related trips.
                                                                        Page 13 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
