                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: Because I know you're all looking forward to this
and I've stayed to quarter to 12:00 to tell you, the bocce ball tournament
will be on Wednesday, April 20th. We need a team. We're not meeting that
night as far as I can tell. We're not meeting that night. Acterra moved their
Friday night event to Thursday night, so Wednesday night is wide open at
this point. I hope you'll all think about coming. Definitely, let's put a great
team together. You remember this is how the league makes money for their
pact in order to influence those kinds of things we'd like to see happen in
Sacramento.

Mayor Burt: I would like to report out on yesterday's Chinese New Year
Event at Mitchell, which was really fantastic. It was easily 500 people.
When I had some remarks, I spoke to the crowd about our former colleague
Yiaway Yeh. When I sat next to Sheena Chin who is on our Library Advisory
Commission, I asked, "What portion of the audience do you think is familiar
with Yiaway?" I wasn't seeing a lot of heads nodding. She said, "Most of
this community are recently arrived immigrants and new members of our
community." That made that event doubly significant. One, Yiaway was
really focused on pulling in this very large portion of our community of
recent immigrants. That has accelerated in recent years. I was very
thankful for that event that they plan on being an annual event. I think it
emphasizes for us the need to have deliberate actions. If we just have
traditional neighborhood events that new residents don't feel a part of, we're
not going to pull them in. We have to be creative in really reaching out
deliberately and making people feel welcome. I think there was just a great
enthusiasm about the fact that they were participating in a Palo Alto event
that at the same time was recognizing a real rich cultural tradition. I think
there was a real appreciation and enthusiasm. Just to have us be thinking
about that. That's it. Meeting's adjourned. Thank you.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 11:46 P.M.




                                                                         Page 88 of 88
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 2/22/16
