                          TRANSCRIPT
be considered in the floor area ratio and that dewatering of basements
particularly will be looked at with a critical eye. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Thank you to all the members of the public who
joined us tonight and for all your comments. We're now going to return to
the Council for discussion and potential action. I think maybe what I'd like
to do is return to the Staff for hearing again what actions you're really
looking for us to take tonight. The Staff Report was somewhat general in
that regard. Gil or Mr. Keene, either one.

Mr. Keene: I'll let Gil start and then pile on.

Mr. Friend: Mayor Burt, to recap what I said before. If the Council is ready
based on what you've read and the discussions we've had so far, I think it
would be very helpful if you would choose a goal. We're putting forward 80
by '30 as a possibility there. Second, that you endorse the S/CAP Draft as a
framework for the continued discussions and planning and along the lines
that many of you have outlined tonight. Specifically, I think it would be
helpful to Staff and community if you would weigh in on the proposed design
principles and decision criteria; let us know if those are on target or on
track. Those can help guide us. One of the things that's clear from this
discussion is there's a lot that's in here. As Council Member Filseth said
earlier, there's a lot that's not. We're having to make decisions all the way
along the way about where to focus our resources. Your guidance along
those lines would be really helpful.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Mr. Keene: Pat, can I just ...

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: Can I just add to that and amplify a few things. I'll make a
couple of comments that aren't explicitly in the form of what action do you
want us to take. I think it provides a context for where we are right now
versus where we could go with this item. First of all, you've heard from Gil,
and you've heard from a lot of the speakers here tonight that you could
endorse a goal, making the case that you could make a goal without having
the plan itself necessarily in place or adopted. That's there for your
consideration. My own sense is that, looking at the clock and the next item
that you have tonight, your ability to actually adopt this plan in any form
would be really out of the question. I do think that as much direction as you
could give us in the form of your support would be helpful. As Gil said, an
endorsement of the S/CAP as a draft framework that could frame
subsequent tasks that we would need to pursue and come back with. The
                                                                       Page 43 of 93
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 4/18/16
