                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Lait: The requirement in the Code is 150 square feet per unit.             150
times the 13 units would be the amount that would be required.

Ms. Silver: You might be thinking about the Quimby Act requirement.

Council Member Holman: No, I'm not. If that applies, then I've overlooked
that.

Ms. Silver: That requires for residential subdivisions the payment of a fee
for parks and open spaces. They can pay a fee since it's less than 50 units,
and then that fee will be used for community parks in the area.

Council Member Holman: I still have that question ongoing. The zoning of
the parcel adjacent to the CC(2) part of this parcel, what is that zoning? I
don't find a zoning map anywhere. I saw some reference to—on Grant
Avenue, behind this project, it's RM-40, but I didn't find a zoning map that
showed what's directly behind the CC(2) portion.

Mr. Lait: We can look that up here.

Council Member Holman: While you're doing that, I had one question, if I
can find it real quickly. On Packet Page 57, the Conditional Use Permit
(CUP) for the extra 5,000 square feet of office. It seems a little bit like—
help me understand how Staff looks at this or interprets this. It seems to
me like if you look at the first bullet on that page, it seems like it's double
dipping. They're taking advantage of the merger of the parcels when it
comes to parking and being able to accommodate the underground parking.
They also wanted to also take advantage of the office square footage. It
seems like on the one hand, this benefits us; on the other hand, it doesn't
benefit us, so we want to take advantage of this here, but we want to go
back and act as if it's two different parcels there. Do I interpret that
correctly?

Mr. Lait: I'm sorry I'm not ...

Council Member Holman: With a CUP, but still.

Mr. Lait: I'm not following the double dipping concept. I think at the time
the application was submitted, it was presented to us as there are these two
lots that they were going to merge as part of the development. That was
our understanding. That was informative to us in thinking about our
recommendation. If there's two independent lots, one can be developed
with 5,000; the other could be developed with 5,000, and you have a total
of 10,000.      There are some advantages for merging the lots and
consolidating them to have a more efficient system. At the time the
                                                                        Page 21 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
