                          TRANSCRIPT
and the submission was approved. It then goes to PTC and Council. The
PTC approved it unanimously, asked us to consider the boundaries. We're
now at the last step, which is Council review. The ordinance doesn't really
contemplate changing votes. I think one PTC Commissioner said probably
all made votes we wish we could take back. Clearly, I think we see some
dropping of support. I think we have to weigh that into our thinking.
There's a lot of issues here: private property rights, desires to maximize
value versus privacy, views, compatibility. We saw in a presentation tonight
by somebody in the audience just a few two-story homes impact a lot of
other homes. We have the example of Cupertino and Sunnyvale. A member
of the public shared with me Lucas Valley. They all have Eichler ordinances
or guidelines. Unfortunately, we don't have that. My sense is, if we did
have that, we'd easily break the 70 percent again. I think we need to think
about that. I think we heard from both sides, not everybody, but people on
both sides basically said improved guidelines or some kind of Eichler
ordinance would be the way to go. I think one solution here is that we ask
Staff to craft an Eichler zone. I think it could have some flexible rules. I
think we heard about different conditions. I think if we created zones, there
would need to be rules that we could apply to other neighborhoods. It's not
just for Royal Manor. Royal Manor, being a large tract, has some interesting
characteristics. Part of it backs up onto an industrial zone with power lines
in the back. If we had an Eichler zone, I think, if you back up to an
industrial park, you could probably get away with two stories in those lots.
They're not really facing other Eichlers. We have this whole area here that's
kind of on the edge where, if you had a two-story home that was street-
facing, it wouldn't impact the Eichlers behind you. If we really thought
about crafting an Eichler overlay that had some flexibility built into it, maybe
there could also be one-story homes but with some easing of easements. I
think we kind of have three questions to answer. How do we craft the zone?
What happens while it's being crafted? We have a very intact neighborhood
currently, and it's going to take probably some time to create an ordinance.
How would it be adopted? On the how, I think Staff needs to lead the
process. I'd love to see people from both sides remain involved. Again, a
goal would be to come up with an ordinance that would be an alternative to
SSO. While it's being crafted, what happens? I think it's up to us to provide
some clear direction. Even though support has dropped, we still have a
large majority, 63 percent. I think we probably need to provide some
interim protection while we give time for an ordinance. It's a relatively small
number of homes to get from where we are to over 70 percent, something
like 10-12 homes. How would we adopt it? Some people brought up the
idea of kind of a petition versus postcards. I'm thinking that we need to
recognize that a petition process involves people going door to door. There's
this opportunity for education. I think in this case we had a lot of absentee
homeowners, and it took some time to figure out who owns homes, how to
                                                                         Page 57 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
