                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: I think on Cal. Ave. it probably does beg a question of whether
the same standards would be appropriate there as Downtown, because it
doesn't have the well-established patterns of Downtown.        It's a good
question. Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I would beg to differ that it does. If you go up
and down California Avenue until you get to the far, far end and then there
are only a couple of exceptions, the development pattern is pretty much—
there are a few very narrow ones, but mostly its 50-foot wide buildings.
That would be the development pattern. If you're next to a wide one, then
that's the development pattern. Most of them are small storefronts. Most of
the restaurants, most of the shops, they're like 50-foot wide buildings. If
you think about how that could apply, it doesn't mean that the building can
only be 50 feet wide. It just means the visual appearance of the building
needs to be 50-foot wide, so that you continue that rhythm. You can
deviate from that. It's just the general appearance, the general pattern.

Vice Mayor Scharff: If I don't see that general pattern on Cal. Ave.—I see
Keeble and Shuchat, a large building. I see the new building is a large
building. I see some small storefronts. I see some office buildings that
don't have retail on it. I see Molly Stone's.

Mayor Burt: Is there a way that we can—I'm sorry. Is there a way that we
can roll this into the follow-up meeting so that we don't try to resolve this
tonight? We give it a little more thought.

Mr. Lait: We're happy to do that. I just want to—can I just illustrate—this is
part of the reason why we recommended pulling this out. This language is
again for two cross streets in SOFA II. My concern is these are ARB Findings
that are intended to apply Citywide.        Now, we're looking at certain
geographic areas of Downtown and certain geographic areas of California
Avenue. I feel like we're applying these more precise standards to these
discrete areas. The whole point here is to be (crosstalk). Thank you.

Mayor Burt: I would suggest that, because this is important and the late
hour and it's substantive, we role this into our discussion on the continued
item night.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Okay. Do you want to make a Motion to do that? Is it
a Motion to continue or what is it?

Mayor Burt: Can we even have some way that this will pop back up as a
framework for discussion on that when we continue the item? Do we need
to put that in a Motion or can you just capture it as a continued item? We
withdraw the amendment to be able to do that and count on Staff's going
                                                                      Page 107 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
