                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I thank you, and welcome. A question that might
get one or the other or both of us in trouble here potentially at least. You
said that VTA was one of the worst-performing transit systems in the area.
Have you taken much of an interest or look at the Sales Tax proposal and
what the expenditure breakdowns are? I think one of the other colleagues
mentioned that 20, 25 percent on BART. We haven't got much success from
that. Have you given much consideration of that? I would also say how
much they're considering spending on roadways.

Mr. Heck: I haven't done any detailed economic modeling. I have an
opinion which I'm happy to share, but it's not based on any kind of
systematic analysis of the efficiency.

Council Member Holman: Happy to hear your opinion by the way.

Mr. Heck: I'm happy to share that even if it gets both of us in trouble. If
you look at the actual commute patterns, they don't run from Oakland to
San Jose as much as they run into the Valley and into this area. If you're
looking at a trip from the east bay into the employment centers, we'd be
much better off crossing the Dumbarton Bridge than going all the way south
to San Jose and coming back up. That's one issue. If you look at most
other cities, as I mentioned, they have kind of a hub and spoke, and then
they have circles. You want some tight circles so that it's reasonably fast.
You could go from Berkeley down the east side of the bay and then across,
that would be a very, very efficient link. Also, if you were going to spend
money on upgrading the system today, as I advocated for earlier, we should
really be thinking about increasing the performance of the system we have
rather than trying to build a new one. The areas that that BART extension
goes through, we're making a huge bet that those will economically develop
into big population and job centers. They're not actually to the same degree
that we have existing job centers up and down the Peninsula. That's a high
level comment on we shouldn't spend most of it on just BART or on just road
infrastructure. We should really think about designing the system as a
whole. In particular, we should make sure we solve the last-mile problems
as part of it. We have a bad tendency—this is not just California but you see
this across the U.S. We stop a little bit short of the final destination. Has
anybody tried to ride Caltrain to get to the airport? It's a change to BART
and then a change to AirTrain. We didn't bring the train directly into it. My
favorite example is—if any of you have ever flown into Zurich, you land,
you've got arrivals, departures and trains stacked vertically in the same
building. It takes about a minute to go from airplane to train. That's the
right way to interconnect modes. Hopefully one day we'll get there in San

                                                                      Page 41 of 113
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 1/25/16
