                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Keene: Just a clarification. In the Motion itself, I guess under Part B,
I'm interpreting that "directing Staff to return at the earliest possible time"
would be with a Draft Ordinance. Correct? We're just not returning to just
return after we talk to folks.

Mayor Burt: Yes. I hear the maker support that language change.                    The
seconder is fine as well? Yes.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion Part B, “with an Ordinance”
after “earliest possible time.”

Mr. Keene: If I might add in the same spirit as Council Member Wolbach's
points about a comparative chart, Vice Mayor Scharff's comments about sort
of clarity of language so that the Council has better understanding, to just
reiterate the Vice Mayor's suggestions that we have kind of practical, real-
life examples as part of the Staff Report at a minimum when it comes back
related to those items. Just so that's on the record, we would be building
that in too. Thanks.

Mayor Burt: I meant to add one more brief comment out of concern that we
might have monocultures if we adopted a greater portion of our landscaping
that was indigenous plants. I don't have that fear at all. We have a number
of outstanding nurseries that specialize in native plants, and most of our
nurseries already have portions that are devoted to native landscaping. I
expect that that's going to be a growing response to the market, not just as
a result of our program but the State law. Just as we didn't have the
renewable energy supplies 10 or 20 years ago that we have today, but they
get built in response to these sorts of mandates. I see that, Council Member
Kniss, you wanted to speak.

Council Member Kniss: I was trying not to. There's one issue in this that
has troubled me for a long time now, which is artificial turf. I'm sure you
will take a look at that. I am so opposed to it. We had an experience with it
last summer. It reaches temperatures of 120, 130 easily. Dries clothes
very quickly by the way. It truly is—I felt it was absolutely a deterrent to
the kind of landscaping that I saw. It looks attractive for a short time, but I
hope you will look at that carefully. I'm not sure that we can come out
totally against it, but I can certainly as one Council Member register my
opposition.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Let's vote on the board. That passes unanimously.
We look forward to this process going forward and returning to the Council
at a future date. Thank you.

                                                                            Page 40 of 107
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
