                          TRANSCRIPT
of the important things about that, you'll notice it does have the clear span.
It doesn't have a pier or column in the center of 101. We think that feature
is likely to make the future process of working with Caltrans go much
smoother. Caltrans for one doesn't have to worry about the design of the
column in the median or evaluate whether they would need to change the
configuration of the median there in the future. A couple of other quick
things to point out. This baseline type of bridge—we'll talk about some more
details a couple of slides farther. Previously we had talked about an 18-foot
width in order to come up with a bridge that could meet the cost criteria of
our $13 million budget. This one is 14 feet. Obviously you'll see that it's not
as slender and low profile as that really nice-looking Moffatt and Nichol
design that we had looked at before. We feel very good about the fact that
we think we've come up with a concept here that can meet our budget and
that we can successfully move forward with. These are just some other
examples of similar types of truss bridges. Obviously we're not intending
here to show you examples of any colors that we might recommend or
anything like that. All of that would come later. Just some more examples
of the actual photographs. On to the funding situation. On this slide, for the
funding allocations, what you see there is the City funding with the $3
million you added, that 4.7 million, the Santa Clara County trails program $4
million in funding that we have, and then the STIP, State Transportation
Improvement funding, was 4.35 million. Those are the things that total the
13 or just over 13 million. We have bad news about that as we reported in
the report. Because of a statewide funding in the STIP funds, the California
Transportation Commission actually made their vote last week to delete that
STIP funding. The good news down below is that VTA has committed to us
that they're going to provide—essentially going to replace that funding using
the One Bay Area Grant Cycle 2 program which is getting under way this
summer. They've written a letter to us and described to us that essentially
they intend to skim from the top of the program and recommit funding for
our project. An important aspect of that, though, is that we won't know for
sure the approvals that need to happen by the State, the California
Transportation Commission, won't happen until next summer, but we are
feeling confident about VTA's moves in this area. The other thing is that
we've continued to have talks with Google, and they've given us a new letter
committing to the $1 million contribution that we had started talking about
before the last time we were talking about the project with you. With no
transportation demand sort of strings attached. On the funding situation,
it's not all great news, but we now have a budget that we, as Staff, feel
good about and we're confident about in our ability to deliver the bridge.
We've lost some funding, but we're feeling good about getting that replaced.
With the funding situation, we really feel the need to get going with this.
There's a little concern about the summer 2017 final date for knowing that
we have the funding, but we think introducing a 1-year delay here in getting
                                                                        Page 85 of 110
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/23/16
