                         TRANSCRIPT
didn't have a permit, he drove down the street and parked on the corner of
our block. He literally drove 300 yards and walked 100 yards to school. You
can Uber to every students' house and they will still drive to school. The
root of the issue is you're not forcing kids to bike; you're allowing them to
park. That's the root cause of the problem. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Aileen Yang to be followed by Samina Faheem.

Aileen Yang: Hi, my name is Aileen Yang. I'm here to share the life as a
senior in Evergreen Park. I'm a resident at College Avenue. Also we only
have one car and try to take public transportation as much as possible.
Because we are so close to Caltrain station and California Avenue, our street
has served as the parking lot for lots of commuters and business employees.
Sometimes they live their car in our street for weeks. Within last 13 years,
since we moved to this area, we always see service vendors, like UPS trucks,
mailmen, even ambulance that have double park their van or truck in our
street. That is very dangerous as there is a lot of young kids running or
biking around on our street. Sometimes the commuter's car block our
driveway. We have to call police to give citation and tow away their car on
several occasions. This is not good use of our police force. Every week
when my grandkids visit us, they usually have to search around and end up
park far away. Despite that, both my husband and I, we are officially
seniors. We still need to unload our shopping bag on other street and walk a
long way to reach our front door occasionally because there is car block our
driveway. This situation is getting worse every day with so many new
constructions going on close our street. We urge you to approve the
Residents Parking Permit program for Evergreen Park neighborhood to get
annexed to the College Terrace parking permit program as soon as possible.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Samina Faheem to be followed by Patrick Slattery.
Welcome.

Samina Faheem: Good evening everybody. Thank you for listening to us. I
have been living in Palo Alto for 31 years. I never imagined I would be
facing this kind of problems here. I have been living on Park Avenue. It's a
very small, quiet part of the Park Boulevard. My house is the only one
before the dead end. I have those two huge buildings that have at least
three businesses each and then two residential areas each. There are so
many delivery trucks from water to United Parcel Service (UPS), you
imagine. My car has been hit. That was a big inconvenience before. Since
last two months, my knee has gotten worse, and now it is a health issue. I
am a diabetic, and I am a morning person, so I used to go to my gym in the
morning. Now I don't go to my gym for the last two months. I have not

                                                                      Page 89 of 124
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/9/16
