                          TRANSCRIPT
stakeholders were equally split and no consensus was reached regarding the
reduction in employee permits. Myth number six, the Council rarely hears
from the business community, so apparently they have no objection to
anything we discuss. Truth is frankly there is no good time for a business
person to stop and attend a two or three or four hour meeting. Additionally,
many in the business community are disenchanted—I'll wrap up—with local
government. They've felt that their concerns have not been taken seriously
from their opposition to raising the Transient Occupancy Tax (TOT) and
more and more and more. One long-time business emailed me regarding
this issue and simply said, "To hell with the Council. They don't listen to us."
Please listen to us today. Do not reduce the number of employee parking
permits in the RPP Zone. Thank you.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you.         Next speaker is Simon Cintz, to be
followed by Malcolm Beasley.

Simon Cintz: I am concerned about reducing the availability of employee
permits by approximately 200 per year. My name is Simon Cintz; I served
on the original stakeholder group as one of the business representatives.
Why are you making the decision now, before any experience with Phase
Two? If you pass the Resolution as proposed, the first cuts in employee
permits will not take place until April of next year. Section 2D of the
Resolution requires that it come back to Council this year for approval. The
same section grants you the ability to make any changes at that time. The
stakeholder group designed a two-phase trial for a reason. Phase Two is
intended to be the prototype for the permanent program, giving us valuable
information about how the program works before final implementation. It is
premature to hardwire annual reductions into the Resolution now without
any Phase Two experience.         Unintended consequences have not been
properly considered. At some point, the demand for permits will exceed
supply. What happens to an employee who attempts to renew their permit
but finds to their horror that permits are sold out because they have not
gotten online within just the first few hours of permit sales? What is this
person to do? Public transportation does not work for everyone. What
happens to a business owner who typically buys five hangtag permits for
their staff workers and then finds the permits are sold out? Do they fire
their workers? Do they shut down their business? This is like the rush to
buy online tickets to a popular concert. Too late, sorry, all sold out. This is
okay with concerts, but it is not okay to leave employees and businesses out
in the cold. You cannot do that. Please let Phase Two start as designed by
the stakeholder group and then make an informed decision. For those
people that claim that the stakeholder group supported fixed reductions,
that's absolutely wrong. I attended every meeting before the December 14,

                                                                          Page 29 of 66
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 2/23/16
