                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member DuBois: Right. Again, we're ...

Council Member Kniss: What will the signs say?

Council Member DuBois: The signs are part of the contractor. They're going
to have the regular permit signs, but there won't be any ...

Council Member Kniss: We are including "9" and "10" in this.

Council Member DuBois: But without selling any employee decals, the only
people that could park there are residents.

Council Member Kniss: If we're putting up the signs that say permit only,
then the residents will have to get a permit, correct?

Council Member DuBois: Only the residents that have already petitioned to
get that, because they're impacted and they want protection.

Council Member Kniss:     Otherwise the other streets will just become
impacted with others who want to park.

Council Member DuBois: They have the option to opt in. What I don't think
we should do is do nothing, and these people that have opted in for
protection are going to get no protection.

Council Member Kniss:    They would have protection if we say one cannot
park there.

Council Member DuBois: Again, if you wanted to add some other options for
this discussion in two weeks, why don't we specify some things to consider?

Council Member Kniss: I think we should consider in that length of time
whether or not we're going to actually include "9" and "10" long-term in this
plan. That means they would need permits.

Council Member Schmid: That's what Number 3 says.

Council Member DuBois: We could add an amendment, Number 4, consider
just what you said.

Council Member Kniss: If we're going ahead with putting up the signs, we
essentially have adapted and adopted Numbers 9 and 10.

Council Member DuBois: Can we ask Staff, could we approve your contracts
but have you not do any installation on those yellow streets until we have
this second discussion?

                                                                     Page 117 of 125
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 2/1/16
