                          TRANSCRIPT
addressed. Tell me why is that. I'm not going to go into all the details, but
those are some where I just don't understand.

Mr. Friend: I guess the simplest answer, Council Member Holman, to this is
that we only had as much capacity as we had.              We couldn't touch
everything. This is already pretty voluminous, and we just couldn't dive into
all of it. There are oversights. This is one of the reasons for this dialog, to
identify what's missing and get them in there. It certainly wasn't an attempt
to exclude those as important issues.

Council Member Holman: My question is just because there are some things
that are so integral and so central to values of this community that I was
surprised that they weren't in here. That's why the questions. Thank you
for your forbearance. The only other question I will ask at this point in time
is zero waste and the circular economy. There it is.

Mr. Friend: Thirty-six, I think.

Council Member Holman: It is Page 36-37. Gil, this will not surprise you at
all. Why is there no reference about the impacts of demolition and new
construction? The only reference to—I know it's only one—recycling and
reuse is partner with local nonprofits, for instance GoodWill.

Mr. Friend: I'd also call your attention to the bottom bullet on that page,
which says emphasize onsite reuse or offsite salvage to provide higher and
better use of materials than recycling or disposal. I think that's the point
that you've often emphasized, that we wanted to make sure was in there.

Council Member Holman: I do, but there's no programs. It's not fleshed out
in any way, and it doesn't address impacts of doing one or the other, which
in many other ways it does. That's why my questioning. It just seems like
an also-ran in things that come forward. Even with the salvage we don't talk
about the impacts of construction, which is considerable.

Mr. Friend: This is an example, as I said in my opening remarks, of an area
that we'll have to address in the Implementation Planning. What we need
from Council is direction on where to focus. If you look at the scope of
what's in here with 375 actions, there was no way that we could do detailed
planning on every one of them. We focused on certain areas. Others will
come in the next round if and as Council directs us to do this.

Council Member Holman: That's all my questions for now.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Council Member DuBois.


                                                                         Page 26 of 93
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/18/16
