                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I can certainly review the law, but the intention was to
characterize what's already required for employers with 50 or more
employees for that first row.

Mayor Burt: My recollection of that law is that they have to have some form
of Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program. This is a strong,
explicit program that I don't—my recollection is that we've been pre-empted
by State law from having this explicit of a program. I would welcome it.

Ms. Gitelman: I'd be happy to get back to you with the details on the
program. There is a pretty aggressive, I think, requirement in the Bay
region, administered through the Air Quality Management District, for
employers with over 50 employees. The one thing on this list that is of
questionable legal—let's just say this. It will require additional legal thought
about how we might approach the idea of requiring employers to charge for
parking within existing workplaces. That's the one that we would have to
give some real creative thought to how we could accomplish that. It could
be that we have to do it for new and then, as things change, apply it to
existing. It could be that we could find a way. We haven't put the time and
energy into that one. The others, I think, we all feel are legally within our
purview.

Mayor Burt: Some are legally—for instance, the sixth section, free transit
passes for all Palo Alto residents in transit-accessible areas. We can't
mandate that; that's not within our legal purview that everybody has to buy
a transit pass. It may be something that we could fund if we had revenue
sources for that. That's why I wanted us to really distinguish which things
are ones that we could legally mandate and which ones would require
significant new funding from a revenue stream that would be dedicated
toward local transportation, I assume.

Ms. Gitelman: Very good point. That one would require additional funding.
I'm presuming that the achievement of the 80 by FY '20 goal in a variety of
different ways will require funding and legislative changes that we haven't
detailed out yet, but presumably will be detailed in the S/CAP itself.

Mayor Burt: The real point is I want to make sure if we're adopting analysis
of scenarios and then we subsequently will look at consideration of those
scenarios for policy, we don't say we'll just do all these things regardless of
any notion of where the revenue would come from. This was one of the
fallacies of the prior Comp Plan. We had a lot of admirable goals, and no
revenue streams or grossly inadequate revenue streams to be able to
achieve those. That's why subsequently we'll need to have that discussion
of the relationship between these things and how we would be able to

                                                                          Page 34 of 92
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 8/29/16
