                          TRANSCRIPT
this program as it is currently proposed will decimate solar development in
Palo Alto. We hope that the Council votes to pull the issue, direct Staff to
work with the industry and the public to discuss a proposal that works for all
parties and allows us to meet the goals that we all want to do together. One
thing I think, while this slide is up here, that's very important to recognize is
a 16-year payback for a solar project is something that no one would sign up
for. Currently, if you're a nonprofit who can't take advantage of federal
programs, your payback period is about 12-13 or 14 years. Five percent of
solar customers or thereabout are nonprofits. Moving ahead, if we are
pushing these types of project development timelines to this period, that
would have a significantly detrimental impact to solar jobs and also
hamstring Palo Alto residents' and business owners' ability to go solar.
Regarding the value of solar, this is obviously a hot topic and has been
researched very thoroughly.          The investor-owned utilities throughout
California have done their own research.           That number that they are
proposing is somewhere around 15 cents, which is very similar to the CLEAN
program. I think if we are to all get together, sharpen our pencils and work
our way to something more comprehensive, we'd recognize that this frankly
wholesale rate of around 7 cents is the tip of the iceberg. Solar provides a
great deal more value. I think in terms of what's happening for this issue
about saying our hands are tied and the time is running out, we do have the
ability to move very quickly at CALSEIA, and we'd love to work with Staff
and the Council and the public on this in terms of making this work out for
everybody. There's numerous examples like Alameda and Modesto and also
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADWP) that are working
together to create a future where people in Palo Alto and people throughout
the state of California can take control of their electric bill and have some
more certainty going forward. Once again, Carter Lavin with CALSEIA
asking for you to table this for further discussion. Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Gary Gerber, to be followed by
David Coale. Welcome.

Gary Gerber: Good evening. Mr. Mayor and Council, my name's Gary
Gerber. I'm president and founder of Sun Light and Power Company. We're
out of Berkeley, but we're very familiar with Palo Alto. I've been in business
for 40 years. A lot of my points have actually already been made, so I don't
want to belabor them. I will speak, though, as a solar contractor with
approximately a megawatt or so of commercial projects underway in Palo
Alto right now. I will say I'm very afraid of what's going to happen here if
you go ahead and adopt this plan. My customers will probably—if they don't
back out of these projects, they certainly won't do anymore projects in this
City. I can pretty much tell you that. This example here, any project that
has a 11-year or greater payback, if it's residential, you can forget it.
                                                                         Page 30 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
