                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: If you can how it doesn't.

Council Member DuBois: Basically "1" says it's harmonious and compatible
with existing uses.

Mayor Burt: May I add that Site and Design Finding 1 may be more valid
than L-12, because L-12 actually is about residential neighborhoods. I think
the issues that have been raised have been principally around its
relationship to surrounding commercial.

Council Member Holman: You are correct there.

Council Member DuBois: We lost the parking and the idea that the Parking
Assessment District is no longer functional.

Council Member Holman: Could you add "with off-street loading, parking"?
Whatever you want to add, but add it there. You're talking about Code
issues.

Council Member DuBois: Okay. Just say "and parking."

INCORPORATED INTO THE SUBSTITUTE MOTION WITH THE
CONSENT OF THE MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “and
parking.”

Mayor Burt: Can we get a Staff clarification on the parking as it relates to
the Assessment District, the portion of the project that falls within the
Assessment District? Is it that they are essentially credited with a certain
number of spaces from this lot having paid previously into the Assessment
District? Is that the basis?

Mr. Lait: It's the standard in the Code. It's the delineation of this parcel
being in the Assessment District and it's the language in the Municipal Code
that says if you're within this delineated area, these are the parking
standards. It's a bit of a challenge for us looking forward for future projects,
if projects are within this boundary, but we haven't changed the Code to
reflect a different standard.

Mayor Burt: I think that assertion is problematic. Maybe we need to hear
from the City Attorney on that.

Council Member DuBois:      Do we have an Assessment District if we're not
assessing?

Ms. Silver: It's a designated parking area. Instead of calling out the parking
requirements in a CC zone, some pieces of our Code refer to a particular
                                                                         Page 60 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
