                         TRANSCRIPT
analysis going through all of the moves that we had initially proposed. We
had a different design with our first submission. We listened to their
feedback and their comments, and we went back to the drawing board.
We've done that now twice. On that third submittal, we felt that even
though it was a preliminary review everyone on the Commission gave us a
favorable nod. As it was discussed, we would then be coming back, I think,
for a formal review in the future, the near future.

Council Member Holman: There's still an outstanding question there. As I'm
understanding it, that's there now as I was hearing it described earlier.

Mr. McClure: The net over the top of the Zoo is not there now.

Council Member Holman: The net isn't, but the use is.

Mr. McClure: Correct.

Council Member Holman: That's in parkland.

Mr. McClure: Yes.

Council Member Holman: My question was how did that happen? In other
words, was it permitted, was there a swap done for it? How did that
happen?

Mr. de Geus: That's a good question. We've talked about that. I think the
Zoo was put there before there was the Park Dedication Ordinance that the
City has now on the books. The Zoo facility and building occurred years
before, if that makes sense, Council Member Holman. The thing I would say
about this—I've thought a lot about this—we do have other structures and
buildings in our parks. Where I gain some comfort with the Zoo being in
parkland is that I have come to see the Junior Museum and Zoo as much like
an interpretive center that we have at our open space preserves. It's an
intensive interpretive center, very interactive. The families and kids that go
to the Zoo and go to the Junior Museum and learn about the natural world
and science—we're creating many conservationists and people that care
about parks and open space. That has a lot of value. Personally, I think it's
a good fit for what we'd want on parkland. That's a perspective.

Council Member Holman: It is a perspective, and I won't argue it with you.
It's a matter of there's good and there's good. You have to weigh those and
balance those. The building that Council Member Schmid asked about,
that's about 3,000 square feet. It would be a new use in parkland. Correct?
That Zoo support …


                                                                         Page 19 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
