                          TRANSCRIPT
is the word "compatible"?      Wherever it is, could somebody point out
"compatible," because it's in here? When we're talking about this as details
that are compatible with and enhance the surrounding area, are we asking
the ARB to interpret whether or not that's compatible?

Council Member Holman: If I might. The compatible criteria that we're
talking about actually is the third part of Number 2, is compatible within the
context of existing development. It's the third section of Number 2.

Council Member Kniss: We have compatible here three times as Pat just
said. Under Number 2, coming to Line 5, "is compatible with the context of
existing development and that it establishes design linkages with
surrounding, existing buildings so the visual unity of the street is maintained
at a minimum." I'm sure that that has great meaning to whomever is
judging it, but it always seems to me as though compatibility is a very
difficult judgment to make.

Mayor Burt: First, I think there was a question of whether it is intended that
the ARB will have the responsibility to interpret compatibility. Is it correct
that that would fall both on the Staff and the ARB, because the Staff is
making a recommendation based on whether a project is consistent with the
findings and then the ARB has a hearing on that? Is that correct?

Council Member Kniss: In each of those instances, you will look at it in that
way. Correct?

Mr. Lait: Yes

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

Council Member Berman: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Do you want to go next?

Council Member Berman: I'll happily wait a minute.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First, I just want to thank Council Member Holman
for working on this ahead of time and putting it out there. You saved us a
lot of time. I think I support all the changes there. I particularly like the
specifics about compatibility in Number 2. I think Council Member Schmid
highlighted a lot of the things that are appropriate changes.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman.

                                                                         Page 25 of 78
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 4/11/16
