                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Kniss: That's where I'm going with this. A modest trend
upward. I'm not suggesting we add 10,000 people; that certainly isn't my
point. I don't know how you can predict the future without having known
what's gone on in the past. This indicates what has happened over that past
15 years with great changes, changes in population, changes in job growth
and so forth, from which I think you can make a number of deductions.

Mayor Burt:     I'd like to jump in here at a moderately high level on
mitigations and impacts. The comments that we heard from both the
Chamber and most of all from the Stanford Research Park representatives
around, one, the problems with having mitigations and limitations be project
based as opposed to something that's broader and how that lack of flexibility
at a more granular level is problematic in their eyes, and a challenge to us to
look at what we're really concerned about, in particular with the Research
Park, but to a great degree throughout the community which is trip
generation. I'm particularly interested in what is essentially a performance-
based standard, but it's performance based at a higher level. That is trip
caps, which is what we have for Stanford University. Along those lines is
what Mountain View is looking at for their whole North Bayshore area. I'm
much more intrigued by having trip caps as the most direct way to look at
the real problems. Something that would be potentially both more flexible
and more aggressive in mitigations than other alternatives. In the end, if we
look at, say, Stanford Research Park as a whole or what we call East
Bayshore, I guess Mountain View calls it North Bayshore, those areas that
are discrete enough in terms of entry points that we potentially could be
able to monitor and quantify, and then tie what goes forward based upon
not only a cap but potentially a reduction. We have our other areas of town
where we actually now have a way to have trip caps, and that is through our
Residential Permit Parking. We can't parking overflow; therefore, you can't
have more cars because they have no place to park. In our Downtown area
we've already established that we're going to ratchet back the number of
commercial permits in the neighborhoods each year, so we basically have a
program there that, unless we build a bunch of parking capacity in
Downtown, we're going to see fewer trips as a result of fewer parking
spaces. We have the question is that just wishful thinking, that we could
move in this direction. I think we are now for the first time in at least a half
century entering an area of really major transformations in transportation.
Just a whole series, a suite, of new technologies and integrations of
technologies that really make possible some things that previously we could
hope for, we could talk about, but they weren't as real as what we're seeing
right now. I'm very interested in looking at, not carte blanche if we put a
trip cap, but certainly that being perhaps our most important measure that
we would have and to look at it in sub-regions. The Research Park, the East
Bayshore indirectly through the University Avenue, Downtown and once
                                                                            Page 81 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
