                          TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Each speaker will have up to two minutes to
speak. Our next speaker is Efi Luzon.

Male: I think Efi wants to speak after I.

Mayor Burt: Sorry.

Male: You want Efi? I'm Number 5. It might make more sense if I spoke
first.

Mayor Burt: I think we need to follow the sequence that the cards are
submitted. Efi Luzon.

Efi Luzon: I don't believe having a penalty is going to get a nice grocery
store there. I know the effort that Sand Hill Property is taking under … We
have at least 60 different grocer there that been selected by the original. It
say there 30. None of them can make it there at all. To impose fees, that's
not going to get you a grocer there any sooner. A trustee can take the
property, and you can deal with somebody on the East Coast after that.
That's going to be really not productive. I'm not in support of imposing any
fees that's more than you already imposing on it. That's not going to get
you a grocery. As Kirk suggested, that's not a solution here. I know that
they worked very, very hard, continuously working very hard. They in
negotiation right now with a mom and pop operation, which they never
thought even to consider to do something like this, but they're willing to do
it. It doesn't behoove them, Sand Hill Property, to have that empty. The
rest of the tenant that they have is being affected by that as well. It's not
self-afflicting thing because they are crazy or something. It doesn't make
any sense here. I think you have to reconsider and think about it. Just
working with a developer, it's a hell of a lot better than just try to impose
fees and go to some kind of war. This is not the spirit of Palo Alto.

Mayor Burt:    Thank you.   Our next speaker is John Yu, to be followed by
Cheryl Tsui.

John Yu: Good evening. My name is John. I tend to agree with Efi on
imposing a fine on something that is asking is impossible to do. I'm
encouraging the Council and the residents to have patience. I understand
that I myself is also living very close by, and I would like a grocery store
there that I can shop very conveniently. I'm an architectural consultant
myself. In studying the supermarket situation, nowadays that very, very
different from the previous centuries. This 20,000-square-foot is too big for
a mom and pop store and too small for the chain stores. It's kind of
something like doing something that is impossible. Your raising the fine
doesn't help. It will just for the purpose of doing it. I think they are trying
                                                                         Page 18 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 11/7/16
