                          TRANSCRIPT
under way with the work would be very bad for the project in terms of costs
continuing to increase and potentially could also jeopardize us receiving that
funding if we haven't been making progress. Now, to talk a little bit about
the scope of services in the Biggs Cardosa contract. What we're talking
about awarding today is the Phase 1 services, which is preliminary design up
to 65 percent design. Essentially the 65 percent design phase, that's the
point at which all the environmental, the City and the Caltrans approvals will
be in place. That's why we've selected that cutoff. That, of course, includes
the environmental CEQA and NEPA documentation as well as the City's site
and design process. Not included in the budget within the contract, but it is
described in the scope of services, would be the future phases that would
come with your approval. The Phase 2, which is essentially the 100 percent
design and taking us to permits, and then the bid and construction support
for when the project is actually constructed. I started to touch on some of
the considerations in this slide before. It's a little confusing, but we've
defined what the baseline bridge is, that we started to talk about. When you
see the row that includes the core additional things and you see the dollar
signs on the left, the 7.7 million and the 1.5 million, essentially what this is
saying is that with the work we did with Biggs Cardosa to negotiate this
contract and evaluate cost, we've determined that we think with a $13
million budget we can do the baseline bridge as described here and then also
include all of these core additional items. I won't try to read through all of
these, but these are the things like the ramp stair, overlook platform,
signage, some of those other improvements that were discussed during the
design process and included in the design competition submissions. The
current contract has a budget to take us to 65 percent design on those
baseline and core additional items.         Where you see these optional
enhancements, these are other design elements that have been talked about
in this project, but where we've determined that we don't think we currently
with the $13 million budget have funding to support these. What we've
done is we've structured the contract so that Biggs Cardosa will take these
items and do up to a 15 percent design. At the end of the 15 percent design
phase, we'll be coming back to you, letting you look at these alternatives,
what they could look like, what they are, what their costs would be. That
will allow the Council to have the opportunity to make decisions at that point
about whether we did want to add any of those items. Actually, in looking at
this a little closer today, one item we did want to ask you this evening is
we've laid out a public process where, once we get to 15 percent design, we
would go to Boards and Commissions, public meetings, the Palo Alto Bicycle
Advisory Committee, Council. We're interested in your guidance on whether
you would prefer a public process on consideration of those items before we
come to you or whether we should come to the Council first and get your
guidance.

                                                                         Page 86 of 110
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 5/23/16
