                           TRANSCRIPT
Residential Parking Program (RPP) was kind of a step there. I think a tax is
another way to do it. We are one of the few cities without a business tax in
California. Other cities are talking about headcount-type taxes. I mean,
Cupertino is talking about $1,000 a head for large businesses. I think one of
the Mountain View Council Members has been talking about $150 an
employee. San Jose is talking about a gross receipts tax. I think one of the
things we should consider is the type of tax, whether it's a head count or
gross receipts. I think we really need to consider exclusions, exclusions of
nonprofits, of companies with revenue less than $1 million or a certain size.
I think we need to carefully consider those. For me, in terms of policy I
want to make sure we don't have a regressive tax that really penalizes
companies that have a lot of low-wage workers. I don't think our goal here
is to make companies be hesitant to hire people. The last thing I want to
throw out is we're talking about Transportation Demand Management. Part
of the reason I'm concerned about the Long Term Financial Forecast is I'm
concerned about a long-term shift in City revenue on a per resident/per
employee basis. The Comp Plan fiscal analysis came out, and one of the
startling things in there is for the first time ever it said that it's better for the
City to have more residents than more employees, which is pretty
interesting. I think we really need to understand is this part of the service
economy and the shift away from products, that we're just generating less
revenue on a per employee basis as a City. If so, maybe if we start a tax
like this. Initially it goes to transportation programs, but I think we need to
be careful that we don't lock ourselves in for the long term. We may need at
some point this money to go into the General Fund. That's my comments.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I think the Council agreed clearly that we need to
make investments, contributions to get the TMA underway. For me, the
business tax makes the most sense. The commuters have created the need.
Of the last five years, we've added three new jobs for every new employed
resident. Over that time, the taxable assessed value for residents in Palo
Alto has risen by $5 billion. For nonresidents over that same time period,
the assessed value has risen by $460 million. Residents added more than
11 times as much as business while growing at one-third the rate. Clearly
it's time for business tax to pick up some of that.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Vice Mayor Scharff.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you. I guess I think about it this way. We've
started the TMA; we've started a bunch of transit demand management
programs. If we don't do this right, people are going to say this doesn't
work and it failed. I think we run a serious risk of that happening unless we

                                                                              Page 81 of 99
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                                        Transcript: 3/14/16
