                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Lynn Krug.

Lynn Krug: Good evening, Mayor Burt and City Council Members. I'm Lynn
Krug, Chapter Chair for the City of Palo Alto SEIU 521 employees. Thank
you for considering what is our current proposal. We believe that our
current proposal makes concessions that keeps the City of Palo Alto and the
City budget well preserved. The City of Palo Alto employees negotiated to
maintain a wage that is not top-scale for this area. Other than a few safety
dispatch, water quality control positions that you yourselves have
acknowledged are impossible to retain at less than median, we aren't going
to be receiving top dollar. It is our understanding that the City goal is to
maintain employees below median to surrounding comparison cities. This
will easily and even further be achieved by June as comparison cities finalize
their contracts, and we're further below median. I think that's a fair
concession to make. I think we are more than willing to do our part. Even
in the last contract as of April, the City Manager acknowledged we're placing
ourselves—this is 2015—at the median of the market, but I don't think we're
expecting median of the market performance, Keene said. I really think our
community and Council and me too, we all expect top of the market
performance, yet we're not saying we're going to position ourselves at the
top of the market. He also said the SEIU contract—this is a prior contract—
offers a fair and balanced deal that seeks to ensure we can retain our
excellent employees. Sometimes we forget that the cuts we made before
bring us further below median. I think the concessions we've made this
contract to this date are more than fair. I think you will continually chase
median to retain your skilled and valued employees. When you have 60
percent employees that are in the Enterprise Fund, I believe that you need
those skilled, accountable, onsite employees who are going to do their best
for this City, well beyond their prescribed duties. Thank you for considering
our offer and our willingness to make concessions to receive below median
pay for the majority of our workers and to further the budgetary goals of the
City of Palo Alto and the City Council. We very much value our work here,
and we are dedicated to this City. I hope you understand that commitment
and value that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.    Now, we'll entertain a Motion to go into Closed
Session.

Vice Mayor Scharff: So moved.

Council Member Kniss: So moved.

Mayor Burt:   Motion by Vice Mayor Scharff, seconded by Council Member
Kniss.

                                                                          Page 3 of 99
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 3/14/16
