                         TRANSCRIPT
consistent with your Housing Element for 2030. I don't think Council wants
to end up with only one option that they can pick from. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Judy Kleinberg, to be followed
by Annie Ashton. Welcome.

Judy Kleinberg: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Former Mayor Kleinberg.

Ms. Kleinberg:     Thank you.     I'm here on behalf of the Chamber of
Commerce. Thank you for letting us talk to you about how you're going to
do the Comp Plan and how you're going to do the EIR. I want to talk about
the people who aren't here tonight. You've been addressed by residents,
young people, some seniors I'm sure, people who live here and are
struggling to stay here. I want to talk to you about the people who aren't
here tonight, because it's 10:10 and business has gone home. If you could
have a meeting during the day when business is here, you would have an
awful lot of people asking you for more housing, who are the ones cleaning
the dishes after you have lunch, the people cleaning the hotel rooms after
people who are visiting stay here, the people who are taking care of children
while their parents go to work. An awful lot of people who are here, the
backbone of this community, who can't afford to live here. You talk a lot
about retail preservation; every window Downtown is covered with a sign
that says help wanted. It's because they can't have people work here who
can live here. These are the people who aren't here tonight. I want to
thank Palo Alto Forward and all the other people who have spoken and who
will speak after me. I'm here to speak for the people—not the silent
majority but the silent minority who are critical to the vitality of this
community, who are critical to the business community and support the
business community, the hospitality workers, the janitors, the people who
come into this community and work for the City. I want to encourage you to
be bold. This is your chance. Gil Friend talks about the moon shot for
S/CAP; I'm talking about a moon shot for housing. You just had a City poll
that said that 76 percent of the people who vote in this community said that
housing costs are the top priority, the most severe problem we face, not
anything else. That's the problem the residents who vote want you to
change. Be bold, go for as much housing as you can possibly do, and then
have policies that enable it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt:   Thank you.     Annie Ashton to be followed by Bob Wenzlau.
Welcome.

Annie Ashton: Good evening. I'll make it quick. I live Downtown. I don't
care about traffic; I don't care about parking. I care about having an
                                                                      Page 77 of 122
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 5/16/16
