                          TRANSCRIPT
these criteria that City Manager Keene just went through. I encourage
everybody to start at those criteria. Maybe we can even have that slide up
there again. This Quality of Life (QOL) is …

Mr. Friend: These are also on Page 18 and 19 of the framework document in
your Packet.

Mayor Burt: Why don't we go ahead and put it up there? That's quality of
life impact. This really speaks to issues about how our Sustainability and
Climate Action Plan will integrate with not only our General Plan but a whole
set of community values that matter to how we live here. We should look at
whether those are a good set of criteria, look at whether the guiding
principles are the ones that we believe are those that we want to use, and
then we can focus next on these design principles and make sure that we're
comfortable with that. As Mr. Friend explained, next year the Council will be
taking different segments of this and applying these criteria and principles to
then support a series of programs and plans. We can at this time entertain
any questions of Staff.      We have speakers, and then we'll return for
discussion. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: On Page 2 of Attachment C, which is the
principles and criteria, it's the last page of what we got in our late packet.
The third from the last design principle, actually the first item on that second
page, where it talks about full cost accounting. The second clause of that
says focusing on emission reductions that—I think there's a typo—are
achievable at a point in time.

Mayor Burt: I just want to make sure everybody's tracking. Out of the
actual—at the back of our Packet we have the actual Plan. At the very back
of that, Council Member Wolbach is referring to a two-page Attachment C.
Go ahead.

Council Member Wolbach: It's the very last page of our late packet, at the
top. It says focusing on emission reductions that are achievable at a point in
time, and then there's a parenthetical statement, i.e., not on life-cycle
emissions. I was hoping Staff could clarify why not focusing on life-cycle
emissions. It seems like a very clear choice there. I'd just like some clarity,
because I'm not sure I understand that, unless it's a typo.

Mr. Friend: Staff can't clarify that. In truth, Council Member, I'm not
recalling why that parenthetical got in there. I think we wanted to be clear
that we were looking at concrete, near-term reductions that are available as
the priority. Over the course of the Plan and trajectory, we'll be looking at
the life cycle reductions, in other words what happens. You make an
investment, and it may take 10 or 15 years for all of its benefits to play out.
                                                                        Page 23 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 11/28/16
