                          TRANSCRIPT
taking away something that's really exciting. In a way, you begin to look
forward to what's next. It is a process that is very engaging over time.

Ms. Halpern: Barbara, did you want to add ...

Ms. Goldstein: I think you pretty much summed it up actually. Generally
speaking, though, the one thing I would say is that people not liking
something is not a good criterion for removing something from the
collection. Everyone has different taste. Some of the things in the world
that people admire most, like the Eiffel Tower and Bernini's fountains in
Piazza Navona, were really castigated when they first were installed. You
have to allow things to have a test of time before you determine that they
don't belong there anymore. What is a criterion is if something's falling
apart. It happens that a couple of the pieces in your collection that people
dislike the most are falling apart. (inaudible) as far as that's concerned. I
think the temporary art is—we actually specified locations for temporary art,
because this is a way to keep things lively.

Council Member Schmid: You do look at other expressions of art, music and
poetry and writing. They change, and you don't have people just going back
to the same things time and again.

Ms. Halpern: Another trend with temporary public art that you just touched
on is the availability of expanding your concept of public art. It used to be
that public art really was visual art that you saw in the public realm. Now a
lot of times you will see social practice art or art that's using theater and
performance and poetry and text a lot more integrated into temporary Public
Art Programs. It really opens the realm of what public art is to a lot of other
mediums.

Council Member Schmid: Thank you very much.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for that last comment. It was a great
segue to—I didn't note musical art here. I think about the laser harp at
Magical Bridge Playground. I've always thought that would be a great
application, something akin to that in our Downtown areas. The annual
updates that Council Member DuBois asked about, those are updates and
they're Study Sessions. If we thought something needed to be tinkered with
or something, we need a way to address that. I guess we could always
agendize something. If you can help us with trying to facilitate some way if
we need to make some tinkering or adjustment that you could help us with
that. The guiding principles, a couple of things here. You've heard me long
say that I really appreciate functional art, which it looks like is being
                                                                         Page 73 of 90
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 8/15/16
