                           TRANSCRIPT
Staff time and effort into really making that happen. As the Mayor pointed
out, the multiple benefits of riding your bike are just phenomenal. It's
quality of life; it's better time; it's exercise, health; it's getting there sooner.
Again, let's not overlook the easy things to do. There was a lot said about
the autonomous vehicle. That's a distraction. The first thing that's going to
happen, I think, when that happens, is vehicle miles go up. The person that
misses the Google bus in San Francisco by 10 minutes is now going to grab
an autonomous vehicle, and more vehicle mile traveled will be on the road.
That's going to be the first kind of thing that happens. Also, as was
mentioned by Professor Heck, the expensive cars are going to have it first,
and that's going to increase vehicle miles traveled. It's not until you have a
combination of all those things, autonomous vehicle, EV and sharing, that
you're going to realize those goals that we all want with the Climate Action
Plan and with sustainability. Work on all those is very important. The last
thing I would say in terms of sustainability is China is now looking at the
gross ecosystem products along with the gross domestic product. They're
looking at those side by side. This is China. We should be doing that here.
That was developed at Stanford. We should borrow that and look at that
and include that in with our Sustainability and Climate Action Plan. Thanks
again for all your great work. Let's move ahead quickly.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Walt Hayes to be followed by Adina Levin.                    I'm
guessing that's Adina. Is that right?

Walt Hays:     Good evening. I'd like to add my own congratulations for a
very successful event yesterday. I think it was a really good way to get the
community involved in what was going on. I'm speaking tonight on behalf of
Carbon Free Palo Alto founded by my friend, Bruce Hodge. It has a mailing
list of about 200 people. There are a couple of things. We're going to be
dialoging as you go through this process, so I don't need to say everything
tonight. A couple of things. One is I would urge you to adopt the ambitious
goal of 80 percent by 2030. It's easy to say we'll do what the State
requires, but we'd like Palo Alto, as several people have said, to continue to
be a model. Even if we don't make it, as the slogan in Zero Waste is Zero
Waste or damn close. I think we should say 80 percent by 2030 or damn
close. Secondly, we feel strongly that in order to achieve those goals, we
should not do offsets. That's where you're paying money for somebody else
in some other state to put solar in or something like that. That could cost as
much $50 million. If we had that kind of money, we should invest it in
distributed energy right here in Palo Alto. There are a couple of things that
you can do easy, that are big items on that list where you can see the long
green lines and the short green lines.         One is even though it takes
individuals to buy or lease EVs—you can tell how I feel about that by reading
the Weekly—the City can do a lot to promote it. I remember Greg Scharff
                                                                            Page 62 of 113
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                                       Transcript: 1/25/16
