                          TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Holman: At what stage? We have to bring it up in order for
you to know that.

Mr. Keene: I think if you would accept that green is on track, as if we hadn't
even reported to you in the first place, Monique would be working on all of
these things. I think it's great for the Staff if you guys want to go, "Keep up
the good work." That would be good. With all due respect, we don't need
as much management from the Council on these projects. We need the
policy direction about what's important to you. As a matter of fact, that's
another issue we should—I know you're not talking about that. We don't
need to get into those details.

Council Member Holman: If there are some green ones that we do want to
talk about, again how does particular Staff know that they can say goodbye?

Mayor Burt: That's different, I think, from what we were starting to do,
which is to take on all the items. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: Just a process suggestion. I appreciate what
Council Member Holman is trying to do, so that Staff who is not going to be
needed throughout this discussion could depart and get to the rest of their
evening. Perhaps the Mayor could just ask, especially for the Library where
there is just a couple of items, does anyone on the Council have anything to
discuss there. See a bunch of shaking heads, and then we could just move
on without need for a formal motion.

Mayor Burt: Right.

Mr. Keene. You don't need motions.

Mayor Burt: To discuss doesn't mean that we have to talk on everything
unless we really want to change something. Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: In the spirit of doing the easiest ones quickest, I'd
suggest we don't need to talk about the Library things. I also didn't see
anything in Community Services. If everybody agrees, we could let them go
home. I thought the priorities were correct.

Mayor Burt: It's a little hard to immediately find each department.

Mr. Keene: Community Services starts on Page 2 and runs through page
(inaudible).

Mayor Burt: I see it. Does anybody have any issues or things that they
specifically want to raise on either Libraries or Community Services? Council
Member Wolbach.
                                                                        Page 36 of 107
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcropt: 5/31/16
