                         TRANSCRIPT
describe those things? I don't think the other is very feasible either. That's
probably why you've built in something that has this much subjectivity.

Mr. Hoyt: I would just add one thing, Mayor Burt. That is in one of our
work plans for 2017, to coordinate between Building Division and Fire
Division to establish that guideline.

Mayor Burt: You want to take another crack at it?

Vice Mayor Scharff: I do. I don't want to be too prescriptive. I was going
to really just say come back with this Item to Finance to address the
concerns raised today.

Mayor Burt: The City Manager's request was to carve out the areas that we
have concerns on and allow the balance to proceed.

Mr. Keene: You need to adopt the program as identified with pulling out the
events-related items. We'll have that report at Finance. If somehow we
didn't go far enough or whatever, we can deal with it then.

Vice Mayor Scharff: What you're suggesting is that we adopt tonight, but we
carve out any issues relating to …

Mr. Pirnejad: Special events.

Mayor Burt: Special events.

Vice Mayor Scharff: … special events or that might impact neighborhood
block parties or that might impact …

Mayor Burt: Why don't we just say community events?

Vice Mayor Scharff: … community events. Your issue on the one-off thing,
do you feel …

Mayor Burt: I'm okay now.

Vice Mayor Scharff: You're okay on that. Why don't we do that?

Mayor Burt: I'll second that. Do you need to speak further? I don't either.
Council Member Wolbach.

MOTION: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded by Mayor Burt to adopt an
Ordinance to update the Fiscal Year 2017 Municipal Fee Schedule to adjust
Development Services Municipal Fees, based on the completion of a Cost of
Services Study and adjusted by the annual inflator applied to Municipal Fees

                                                                        Page 95 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                              Final Minutes: 12/12/16
