                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:        Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “Council empowers the Citizens Advisory
Committee for the Comprehensive Plan Update (CAC) if it so chooses to
establish small sub-committee meetings that do not require Staff support.”

AMENDMENT WITHDRAWN BY THE MAKER

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: Just in Section A, previously after a variety of
issues, there were four or five concrete examples that we have been
involved in. That was generalized to issues discussed this evening, which is
a lot vaguer. I guess I would feel it'd be more appropriate to leave the
specific references in there.

Council Member DuBois: I appreciate that. We'll have our Retreat in a
couple weeks, so I'm going to trust Staff to come back with those specific
examples and maybe some other ones. If they don't, we'll bring it back up
at the Retreat in two weeks.

Mayor Burt: I see no more questions or comments on this Motion. Please
vote on the board. That passes unanimously with Council Member Kniss
absent.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 Kniss absent

Mayor Burt: If we have any other Motions that Council Members want to
make that would be clear-pointed and able to get done quickly, then we can
do that. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: I'd like to move that the Council empowers the
CAC to hold small subcommittee meetings that do not require City Staff to
be present.

Mayor Burt: That appears to fail for lack of a second.

MOTION: Council Member Wolbach moved, seconded by Council Member
XX to add to the Motion, “council empowers the Citizens Advisory Committee
for the Comprehensive Plan Update (CAC) if it so chooses to establish small
sub-committee meetings that do not require Staff support.”

MOTION FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Vice Mayor Scharff.


                                                                         Page 104 of 107
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                         Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
