                          TRANSCRIPT
neither good for homeowners nor the City.         Essentially it puts people's
money against their own. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Alan Ma.

Alan Ma: Good evening. Appreciate the opportunity to share my view with
you tonight. I've heard many testimonies tonight. I think it really all comes
down to what individual family needs. I share with you mine. My name is
Alan Ma, just forgot about introducing myself. My wife and I and our two
kids live at 3445 Louis Road. We moved to the neighborhood about, I would
say a little bit over two years ago. We came here for the quality of life, the
great schools, the awesome community. We would really love to live here
for a very, very long time. When we bought the house, we were a family of
three. Our son, Josh, was three years old at the time, and we had plans to
expand the house as the family grew. Last year our daughter, Sabrina, was
born. Ever since, our son, Josh, has been asking us when we could add a
second floor so that he could have some distance from his screaming and
crying little baby sister. Kidding aside, we're also in the process of trying to
get my mother, who is 80 years old, who lives in Hong Kong, to come here
to live with us so that she can spend her remaining years with her
grandkids, so that Josh and Sabrina can really get to know their grandma
and to learn more about their roots. I actually understand the concern for
privacy; I respect that.      I think some of the speakers have already
mentioned there are design guidelines that can be put in place to address
that particular issue. Banning two-story homes is not the solution here.
Just this morning, I was driving my son to work—I guess my time is up.
Just wanted to wrap up by saying that having an SSO is not going to help
anyone. Please don't do it. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our next speaker is Piras Thiyagarajan.

Piras Thiyagarajan: Mayor, Council Members, thanks for taking the time to
hear us today. I oppose Royal Manor SSO. I live on 3410 Kenneth Drive.
This is actually a story of adaptability. What if we all said we were going to
be driving 1950s cars just so that we can reflect on history better? That
seems like where we don't want to adapt. I'm actually surprised we are at
this crossroads, because the main concerns is about signatures and how
they were collected. The actual reasons were not made clear. (inaudible)
evident from the number of people actually backing out from this particular
Motion. I moved to Palo Alto from South Bay, so you can imagine I went
through quite a bit of downsizing. My seven-year-old actually misses the
stairs. That's pretty much what you want in a house. Now with all the
restrictions of easement and setbacks, I don't have another choice other
than to build another level. I'm not really comfortable giving up my right.

                                                                         Page 54 of 135
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 5/2/16
