                           TRANSCRIPT
Ms. French: No, it was a surprise to us.

Council Member Holman: Knowing how much stuff is on the Staff's plate, I
don't know how long it's going to be before a revised process would come
back to us in addition to when the neighbors could take a revised process
out and come back with a new survey. While it wasn't mentioned here, I
think the original Motion probably relies on either a revised process or—I
can't see the original. It was just a denial, but I think the comments were to
rely on Eichler—I would say standards not guidelines. I'm always in favor of
those. It's sort of like fiddling while Rome is burning. I don't know of any
applications. No one has mentioned any applications coming forward at this
point in time that would change the character of this. If you just look at this
map, look at Thornwood Drive and look at Evergreen Drive. That's a whole
intact area there that's all single-story. All of it is single-story except for one
house on Arbutus. Maybe that's still called Thornwood Drive that circles
around, but I think it's called Arbutus. All but one is single-story on that
whole inner circle. I look at the Professorville Design Guidelines. It's taken
what, 6-7 years.

Mayor Burt: We need to move on.

Council Member Holman:        Quickly.   I guess you can't make another
Substitute Motion. I don't believe we can.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Holman: I don't think we can, can we?              We can't make
another Substitute Motion?

Mayor Burt: No. That's right.

Council Member Holman: I would just ask the colleagues who made the
Substitute Motion to reconsider.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Filseth.

Council Member Filseth: Thanks. We seem to have gotten into comments
and Motions and counter-Motions and stuff like that. I actually had a
question. The SSO area as proposed is a fairly contiguous, identifiable piece
of area. The proposal that we take out the seven houses on Ross sort of
chops it, going through people's backyards. They're in between people's
backyards and stuff like that. It changes the configuration of that. I guess I
just wanted to ask for Staff's comments and opinions on that and is there
precedent for that? Have we got other SSOs that go through the middle of
blocks and not along streets and stuff like that?
                                                                           Page 67 of 104
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 10/4/16
