                          TRANSCRIPT
Council took a break from 10:19 A.M. to 10:31 A.M.

Action Items

2.    Council Annual Priorities Settings.

A.    Process Foundation.

Mayor Burt: Item Number 2 which is Council annual Priority settings. To
begin setting the stage on that, the City Manager is going to give us a bit of
a context on where we left off, major accomplishments last year, where we
are in the process on some of those, and how they roll into both our work
plan and fulfillment of the Priorities that were the 2015 Priorities so we can
begin the discussion of what Priorities we want going forward. Mr. City
Manager.

James Keene, City Manager: Thank you, Mr. Mayor, Council Members. As a
prelude to just kind of looking back at 2015, I did want to compliment the
Auditor on her presentation. Personally, I thought it was the clearest and
most succinct integration of the survey itself, and then the report that she
does on a departmental basis for the Annual Performance Report. I don't
know. I sort of feel like if we were taking an SAT test and they had her
presentation up there and they say what's the title to this story, I would say
it's generally really good news about Palo Alto. For the most part, the
problems or the deficiencies we have are almost all—sorry—in my view
linked to positive attributes about our community. We're a great place to
live. We're a great place to work. As Council Member Kniss said, some of
the measures of increase are positive and negative or are directly linked to
the fact that our economy has really rebounded. What we've got are
externalities that for the most part relate to things that almost any other city
in the country would be striving to achieve. I just don't think we should lose
sight of so much of the good news. In addition, when she was going
through the report, it did strike me that in the—it kind of goes back to
Council Member Scharff's questions about the traffic signal engineering
versus other factors in congestion. I see the report full of examples where
leverage or control and where the Council has directed us to put focus, our
numbers have generally improved significantly. Over the five-year period,
even with all of the demands, the actual number of full-time FTEs, Staff
people on the full-time payroll we have, has gone down even with significant
productivity increases. Our overall salaries went up 1.9 percent over a five-
year period, an area where we have a better ability to control versus the
pension costs that are more dictated by State policy. Our pavement score
indexes on streets and conditions of our sidewalks, all of those things—so
many things are up where we have the ability to focus, make investments

                                                                          Page 21 of 86
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 01/30/16
