                          TRANSCRIPT
best answer. I didn't DTSC say you should do this. If DTSC told me it would
be better to do this or that there's a reason to do it, I would include that in
the Motion frankly. I might even be open to including it in the Motion
anyway, frankly. That would depend on ... I think we should move forward
on this. I hope DTSC will take the neighbors concerns very carefully. I'm
sure they will. If there is contamination, I would expect the responsible
part, whoever that is, to step up. Hopefully, you guys will use whatever it is
to get that done.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Kniss.

Council Member Kniss: Hearing that these two are quite separate, which is
certainly what I heard the entire group of you say, I'm seconding this
because I think we should follow the recommendations of Staff tonight. I
hope we'll continue to be aware of the neighbors' property and whether or
not there is any aspect of that that can be faulted on Stanford or in some
other way on another—someone way back when, maybe HP. I think you
probably cannot tell when that happened. Am I correct?

Mr. Piros: I'm sorry (inaudible).

Council Member Kniss: You probably don't know when the contamination
that the neighbors are speaking about could have happened?

Mr. Piros: No.

Council Member Kniss: As I understand it, testing probably wasn't done 30
years ago or 20 years ago. This is troubling. I feel bad for the neighbors,
but we've listened now for about 1 1/2 hours of testimony. It's pretty much
stayed the same. The consistency is what has made me second the Motion
and support the Vice Mayor Scharff's Motion to go forward. .

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: We have focused primarily on the issue of the
toxics and that's appropriate. I do have a couple of other things to bring up.
Before I go there. Because it's so important, I do understand that if there's
an issue that has to be remediated, then whoever the responsible party is,
then DTSC has the authority to hold that entity responsible and accountable
for costs associated with that remediation or mitigation. Correct?

Mr. Piros: Yes.

Council Member Holman: That's not associated with approval of this project
then. Just a little clarification, if I can, around some issues around that. I'm

                                                                          Page 55 of 80
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 6/28/16
