                          TRANSCRIPT
back and say let's create one good EIR and release it later as a revised EIR
and have the public comment on that. Perhaps, during that time, the CAC
will have done more work, and you will have a preferred alternative and not
just throw it all out there, and we'll figure it out later. Scenarios 5 and 6
both propose adoption of the Sustainability and Climate Action Plan (S/CAP)
goal of 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. I don't
know why the other alternatives and scenarios do not include that; they
should. What troubles me a little bit is that it calls for an alignment of the
Comprehensive Plan Update with the S/CAP principles.             Now, I'm not
opposed to that necessarily, but I don't want to see that the S/CAP becomes
a mitigation measure, because that actually becomes much more important
than a lot of other plans legally, than a lot of other plans that we have like
the Urban Forest Master Plan or the Parks Master Plan or the Bicycle Plan or
a lot of other things. I was under the impression that the S/CAP is the
umbrella, and the S/CAP should fall under that, not drive it. I guess that's
what I want to say. This is the most important document in our City's life,
and there's not a lot of people involved. The CAC is confused, and this is
premature. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Rita Vrhel. Welcome.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. I'd like to second the comments that were just
made as a resident. It has been confusing. I just think there's a couple of
factors to include or to consider. I'm sorry if they sound a little bit naïve.
Again, everyone can't work or live in Palo Alto. It's simply an impossibility.
I think that, again, I'd like to see some quantitative analysis or data from
not only Stanford Research transportation mitigation programs but from al
the businesses which have come into Palo Alto in the last five years and
have been speaking of these measures. I think that Stanford—it sounded
from the speakers that were from Stanford Research Park that they would
like unlimited headcount and development opportunities. I don't think that
is possible in Palo Alto. I really have the belief that if they had a tenant that
left, they probably have a waiting list for tenants who would quickly fill those
buildings. I think that compromise needs to be the point of start among all
people. I would also support limited growth and a compromise in this issue
of housing and jobs in Palo Alto. I remember I was living here when Burger
King came into the plaza Downtown. It was really interesting, because Palo
Alto put in some very strict rules. I think it was the first business that had
to have employees go out and clean up the plaza every couple of hours to
make sure that trash around, the trash that is usually generated by a fast
food environment. I think in the years that I've been here since 1983, I've
always felt that if Palo Alto had zoning requirements and asked businesses
to do certain things, there would be no shortage of businesses. I think that

                                                                             Page 64 of 128
                                                                       City Council Meeting
                                                              Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
