                         TRANSCRIPT
AMENDMENT:          Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “Alta Planning to return in six months,
after data is available from the Downtown Residential Preferential Parking
Permit Program Phase 2 (RPP) for an opportunity to relook at parking spaces
in the RPP District.”

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I wasn't clear if the proposed amendment was
capturing what I was going to suggest as a friendly amendment, to direct
the Staff to reduce the number of permits being sold in the area as a result
of removing parking spaces. Do that in a proactive rather than a reactive
manner.

Mayor Burt: I think the City Attorney needs to weigh in.

Ms. Stump: Just looking at the scope of the agendized item, I think that's
getting into some specific direction on RPP Phase 2. I think probably the
approach that the Staff has suggested, which is that that's something that
they can take into account in implementing this item. It's probably as far as
we can go on this noticed item this evening.

Mayor Burt:    Will the RPP be returning to the Council prior to full
implementation of this plan in any way?

Mr. Mello: We're estimating that construction on these corridors will start in
the beginning of 2017, probably around March. That's about the time that
RPP Phase 2 is coming to an end, and Council will be deciding whether to
continue the program permanently.

Mayor Burt: Mr. Keene.

James Keene, City Manager: I was just going to add I think in addition,
despite this provides the direction on the planning, we'll actually have to
come back to the Council for the award of the construction projects
themselves. If the Council is really concerned with what the data is showing
as it relates to RPP, you are going to have an opportunity prior to adopting
construction contracts to raise questions.

AMENDMENT:         Council Member Holman moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “direct Staff, in a proactive manner, to
reduce the number of permits being sold in the area as a result of the
reduction in parking spaces.”

                                                                       Page 52 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
