                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: Yes, Mayor Burt. In Alma Place, there are 107 affordable
single-room occupancy or studio apartments. The average unit size is 238
square feet. There are 71 parking spaces, 13 people are currently on the
waiting list to get a parking space. They share with the staff who work there
during the day.

Mayor Burt: When I went in their underground garage on Sunday, there
were available parking spaces but no available bike racks. The bike racks
were overflowed. It's kind of goofy to me that we continue to—we saw in
our survey Downtown how many people would avoid driving Downtown if
they had more, better bike storage. Talk about low hanging fruit. I think
that that concept is one that we should be proceeding on. I think that
couple with that would be we establish what is an appropriate floor area
ratio that we want to allow. That has to consider the impact of housing
density bonuses, so that we don't think we've put one standard in. Then
with the density bonuses, it's 30 percent more than what we intended. We
have to anticipate that most housing developers are going to take advantage
of the housing density bonuses. The way we drive those small units is to
have a certain FAR, and developers are almost invariably going to go up to
the max FAR and put a minimum number of units. Right now, we tend to
constrain the number of units. We put a minimum level of units, and you
can kind of establish a range of small unit sizes by a min and perhaps a max
under a given floor area ratio. Making them own the consequences of the
parking, no spillover, we can have units that have less parking. They'll be a
lot more likely to get built. They won't have impacts on the schools.
Despite what some people have claimed, you're just not going to have
families in units of a few hundred square feet. I think that's something that
we should look at doing sooner. I agree with Vice Mayor Scharff that while
we embrace pursuing some of these options, these are new innovations. We
want to go at it in a moderately measured way and see results. We could
take certain that we say we'll have initial implementation of these practices
in. Something that allows us to look at doing some of these innovative
measure and establish, not only to ourselves but to the community, that it
doesn't have unintended consequences. The co-housing, I don't know why
we're even talking about this in R-1. That's not where co-housing is going to
happen. I think it's a moot point. As far as in multifamily areas, I don't see
what the big issue is. I don't know why we would care about regulating
lifestyles or how people share kitchens or don't share kitchens. If it's more
efficient, that's fine. If somebody wants to build it and people want to live in
it, I don't have sweat either way on that. Then we have these important
issues of reducing commercial density and increasing residential. I think this
goes back to some of the things that we've talked about. Not only has the
RPP helped enable more housing to be built, but the office cap has as well.
As long as there is a more attractive alternative, we could incentivize
                                                                         Page 93 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/21/16
