                         TRANSCRIPT
contract itself. I also wanted to really just talk about expectations for next
year. I think the big question is where does the money come from kind of
ongoing. You have a Business Plan that's losing money next year. For me,
I've been thinking this is a private association of companies. It sounds like
we really need to decide is this funded by the City, is it funded by the
companies that it benefits, and should we be setting up incentives for that to
happen. Can we create motivation for the business community to pay for
this? I like the idea of paying the TMA to manage and enforce TDM
programs. That was something new I saw in your presentation. I kind of
expected the Business Plan to highlight the extreme need for fundraising. It
didn't really come through with a sense of urgency. This is a tool for
businesses to improve the impacts they're having Downtown. I think we've
got to find a way to encourage them to pay for more of it, to really see the
benefits to themselves by participating. Looking at the Business Plan, a
couple of other things jumped out at me. First, I think you need to simplify
overall. Every time something comes to us about Downtown, it has a
different boundary, and we have different sets of numbers floating out there.
I'd love it, as we move forward with new programs, if we could establish
maybe a broader boundary. We have the Parking Assessment District; We
have the Downtown Cap area; we have the RPP Downtown District which
goes into Crescent Park. There's all these different boundaries. I believe
the boundary for the TMA is too small. It doesn't include businesses on
Middlefield. We're hearing a lot from dentists and the medical community
out there, that they're having a real problem. It doesn't include the SOFA
area. I actually think our Bayshore business parks could use TMA to get
from the train station out to Bayshore. We keep talking about Cal. Ave., but
California Avenue (Cal. Ave.) doesn't have a TMA either. There's a lot to do;
let's get it started Downtown. I think we're going to have to think about
these other areas. If the EMC survey is accurate, we're currently at a 55
percent SOV, which is pretty amazing. It's extremely good. A 30 percent
reduction would get us to 38 1/2 percent SOV. Sixty-one percent using
alternative means of transportation. The report turned that into a number of
people; it says that's 1,650 commuters. I'm a little bit concerned that we're
focusing on an absolute number like that. We have other estimates for the
numbers of workers Downtown. The Dyett and Bhatia numbers suggested
something like 12,800 workers. Our Business Registry says there's over
15,000 people working Downtown. A 30 percent reduction there would be
2,400 people, not 1,650. I would rather see a performance measure based
on traffic measurement and a percentage improvement. I think the other
problem with an absolute number—it's really kind of nonsensical. If there's
a recession and people stop driving to Downtown, the TMA's performing
great. It has nothing to do with the TMA; it's just the economy. Also, this
issue with the boundaries. If we grow or shrink the boundary, we don't
really want to say the TMA is performing better or worse. We really want to
                                                                            Page 77 of 100
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                           Draft Action Minutes: 6/13/16
