                          TRANSCRIPT
They've developed some complementary methods that go along with that, to
think about bicycle and pedestrian travel as well as transit. You can see
from the pictures really the concepts that they're after, where you're talking
about from free-flow level, Level of Service A-B, to congested, Level of
Service E-F, with similar concepts applied for bicyclists and pedestrians as
well. Do you have a lot of space? Do you have a little bit of space? Is there
traffic that's conflicting with you or do you have your own space? Questions
like that. It's a great kind of concept, and one that certainly, I think, sets off
a bit of a revolution in terms of thinking more systematically about how we
do analysis for these alternative modes. One of the nice things about it is
really this sort of comparable picture. We can grade every mode and
understand for any given street or highway how it supports different modes
of travel. It certainly considers interactions across modes. It's consistent.
If you could use this, you would use it consistently across different analysis
levels. A couple of the challenges with it are that the meanings across the
levels for different modes are not necessarily clear. The whole congestion
and space concept that makes sense for automobiles might not make sense
for pedestrians. On the one hand, if you're walking down a very crowded
sidewalk, you might think of that as a low level of service. At the same
time, you might think of that as a busy downtown area that you want to be.
Those are very different kinds of concepts and issues you want to think
about when you're picking your metrics for doing this kind of analysis. The
modeling itself was really developed around typical automobile modeling,
which is more arterial, major collector focused as opposed to local streets.
Of course, a lot of bicycling, a lot of walking really happens more on local
streets. Just overall, there's a little bit of a lack of connection to that user
perspective that we think is pretty important. Just quickly, give you a
couple of examples of what these kinds of analyses look like. This is a
bicycle level of service map for Jacksonville, Florida. It gives you a sense of
the way different links are rated to understand are they higher or lower level
of service. It can be great, because it identifies where some of your needs
are. These are areas. If you wanted these to be areas where people are
bicycling, they might identify some of the challenges and problems that you
would have. You can do a similar map for pedestrian as well. Some other
related methods that are similar to the multimodal level of service.
Charlotte has a method that's really about evaluating the impact of roadway
projects on alternative modes. If you're going to have a certain type of
project, how will that impact the likely safety and comfort of bicyclists or
pedestrians using that facility, and what are maybe then some mitigating
strategies you might want to use? San Francisco has this thing they call
(inaudible), which is about how the physical environment impacts where
people walk and bike, looks at traffic and street design and land use and
perceived safety, a lot of different characteristics that go into determining
how and where people like to bicycle and walk. Just one quick example from
                                                                           Page 7 of 120
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 9/19/16
