                           TRANSCRIPT
should defer to the Council as a whole. What we wanted to do was to be
able to frame a set of alternatives and pros and cons for the Council to
consider. I think that's most of all what we're going to be going through
tonight. Charles—Mr. Keene.

Mr. Keene: May I just add to that, Mr. Mayor? I think it's good to do this a
little bit in advance of—we can sort of sandwich around what Charles is
saying. We got an update that Dave is just across the street. Obviously one
key factor for you this evening will be for the full Council to discuss the
polling results from the second poll. The Committee did ask us to also
identify a number of other issues or factors that would ultimately be involved
in the actual structuring of a ballot measure: formation of an oversight
committee, whether it sunsets or not, the structure and form of the tax,
potential projects that could be funded by tax proceeds, and a number of
other items. I think admittedly we've done the best that we could in a short
period of time to respond to those directives. You have that information in
your packet. We would say that this was rushed. Some of the information
we've had from the past, some of it from other work that we're doing on our
transportation plan. By no means do we expect that this is perfect. We did
note in the report itself that, I think, all of the results would point to the fact
that certainly a general tax measure could be successful. There is this
ancillary issue of the timing. We did point out that if we were to be in a
position to be directed to come back for a November '16 ballot measure,
we'd have a lot of scurrying to do. Of course, we would need to schedule,
we thought, Molly, up to two special meetings of the Council before August
12th, which would be the deadline date for that decision. With that, I think
we've sort of captured what we've been directed to do. We'll turn it over to
you guys. Dave, good to see you here too.

Ms. Keith: Dave, welcome.        Dave Metz, FM3, will go through the second
polling results.

Dave Metz, Fairbank, Maslin, Mauldin, Metz & Associates (FM3): Thank you
all very much for the opportunity to be back here tonight. I'm going to walk
through some of the key findings from our follow-up survey that was
conducted over the course of the second week of June. Unlike our first
survey, this one was designed to dig a little bit more deeply into some of the
specific direction that we got from the Council after presenting the results of
the first poll. We tested draft ballot language and a much more specific
policy concept in this poll, matched it up with a set of pro and con
arguments including some suggested by members of the Council, and
determined what the outcome was after voters heard some of that back and
forth. In addition, we also tested the VTA ballot measure, both at the
beginning and at the end of the poll so that we could have a more precise
                                                                            Page 45 of 98
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/27/16
