                         TRANSCRIPT
Mayor Burt: The question is your response to a requirement of an 8-foot
setback on all three sides there.

Mr. Xiong: For the accessory and the ADU unit, that's what you're talking
about?

Mayor Burt: The ADU and the garage, that's the question.

Mr. Xiong: We can take that. I can take it.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Vice Mayor Scharff: He said yes, correct?

Mayor Burt: Yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff: That's fine.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: Yep.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to add to the Motion, “increase the setbacks to 8
feet on all sides of the garage and accessory buildings on Lot 3.” (New Part
B.ii.)

Mayor Burt: That would be added to the Motion. The second thing is
regarding these basements. We've been having an increasing focus on
dewatering in the community. We have currently interim measures, and we
are anticipating perhaps more stringent ones in the coming year. Given the
ARB approval here, my recollection is that the prospective, more stringent
ones would come before the Council maybe this winter before the next
dewatering season. Is that correct? Is that the timing of that? Would they
apply to these projects?

Lalo Perez Acting City Manager/Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Mayor. I
did look at the agenda for the Policy and Services Committee (P&S), and it's
in a future meeting with Policy and Services. I do not know if it would apply
to this project. It's right now December 13th (crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: My recollection is that it would, because we set it up so that
projects that had already drawn permits for this last year would not be
impacted, but future ones would fall under that. I'm hoping Staff can clarify
that.   As an alternative, we haven't had any projects in this whole
dewatering conversation nor any that I can recall preceding that
                                                                        Page 34 of 56
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                Transcript: 11/14/16
