                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Bobel: The Basic Agreement, just to remind you, includes Los Altos. If
we get back into the Basic Agreement and try to change that, then it's a
longer term proposition as we involve two partners.

Mr. Keene: I think that's a subsequent action that we could look at and
take. As it understand it, I kind of want to get at a deeper question maybe
that your Vice Mayor is asking. At some point in the future, we're going to
be producing purified water. As I understand it, in the simplest of terms
what we do right now is we treat the sewage to a level that essentially is
what we'll call recycled quality, most of which we just discharge into the
Bay. The purple pipe recycled system is basically to build the hardware and
everything with some additional work to be able to distribute some of that
outward into other use rather than discharge it into the Bay.                My
understanding is that when we move to purification and we build a reverse
osmosis plant or whatever, we're not going to skip over the steps that we're
doing right now. We're going to continue to treat to the level we are, and
then there is a secondary or subsequent treatment that goes through the
purification process. That means that whatever water we decide as a City
that we want to take that suddenly is a very valuable commodity, that we
want to be able to deliver directly as purified, we're going to have the ability
to take all of our capacity, if that's what we want to do in the future, and put
it to that grade or that stage. Mountain View have maybe made some
investment decisions right now to use three MGD of their future supply to
deliver it as reclaimed water. My view is they could still be in a situation in
the future that they might want to rethink that whole process themselves
and say, "Wait a minute. This is a valuable and scarce commodity. Even
though we had a sunk cost and we're trying to recapture the cost of
delivering it through this purple pipe." They could still even make the
decision in the future to say, "We want in on that three MGD," in addition to
the fact that they have other water that is not at this stage yet, that very
well could be part of the purification process with us.

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: First of all, I want to say I'm actually excited to be
on the Recycling Committee. I'm really looking forward to progress on the
plant. I'm jumping to the contracts since that's what we're talking about. I
had a mix of comments and questions. On 4.1.1 that we've been talking
about, who will the wholesale rate apply to? Right now it's only Mountain
View. Does this amendment apply to everybody that's part of the recycled
water plan?

Mr. Bobel: This is just an agreement between Mountain View and us.


                                                                         Page 73 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 4/4/16
