                          TRANSCRIPT
over the last 10 or 15 years, we have substantial long-term contracts that
are now fairly well above market prices, but they got us into all kinds of
activities. We're able to look at wind power, gasification and lots of different
things. Now we have moved to solar energy, the same way that we have
moved over the last 10 or 15 years as opportunities came up, to be flexible
enough to take advantage with what's going on. I don't think there's
anyone here tonight that wouldn't jump on the 3.2 cents per kilowatt hour
and commit to a 20-year contract, even with transmission costs. The 16
cents costs 10 cents per customer per month, but that adds up to $380,000
per year. Over the 20 years, it's $7 million. Is there something else we
could do with $7 million that would be effective, the most cost-effective
move? I think the Finance Committee stepped back and said this is an
opportunity, an opportunity that should give us some room for thought. Let
me make a friendly Amendment that we add a "C" on this and say let's
reassess cost effectiveness taking into account the recent 3.2 cents contract
and looking at whether we as residents of Palo Alto but also residents of
California—I mean, if we spent $7 million on more 3.2 cents energy and
gave it away to Los Angeles, the State of California would be better off. Let
me just make a "C" that we reassess long-term cost effectiveness taking into
account the dramatic drop in prices of solar energy in California.

Council Member Berman: I'm not going to accept the proposed Amendment.

Mayor Burt: Nor I. If Colleagues want to bring forward a Colleagues Memo
to try to have a reconsideration of our local solar program, then that would,
in my mind, be the proper way to attempt to do this, not another backdoor.

Council Member Schmid: I'll make a Motion. Any second?

AMENDMENT:        Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council
Member XX to add to the Motion, “reassess long term cost effectiveness
taking into account the dramatic drop in prices of solar energy in California.”

Mayor Burt: That fails for lack of a second. Council Member Filseth.

AMENDMENT FAILED DUE TO THE LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Filseth:      This will be pretty short.        Economics is an
important component of this. If we had infinite money, of course we would
do this. If we had zero money, we wouldn't. Obviously, we're in the middle,
and that's why we're here talking about this kind of thing. I think the reason
it's appropriate for the Council to check-in and see if this still makes sense is
because the economics has shifted in the last year. I do appreciate some of
the interesting dialog earlier.      There has been some discussion about
resiliency and, of course, what we're talking about is a tiny fraction of the
                                                                          Page 70 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
