                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. McClure: The property itself is one parcel. The Lucie Stern Theatre, the
Girl Scout building, Rinconada Park and the JMZ are all on one boundary.
It's just that the park boundary itself as a separate designation follows that
line.

Mr. de Geus: My understanding is that the Girl Scouts actually own the
building, but it sits on City land. I can confirm …

Council Member DuBois: It's just public facility land next to the park?

Mr. de Geus: Right.

Council Member DuBois: Kind of a similar question. For the Zoo, would we
actually change the park boundary or would the Zoo exist in the park?

Mr. de Geus: The Zoo already exists in the park, and the boundary will
change. Originally, we thought it would change more; we pushed into the
park more than what you see here. With talking with the Parks and Rec
Commission a number of times, that was a chief concern of theirs. We
redesigned it a number of times to pull back off the park as much as
possible, to the point where they were satisfied. The Zoo is still essentially
in parkland.

Council Member DuBois: Is there any reason it can't just stay parkland, and
the Zoo just happens to sit in the park?

Mr. de Geus: I believe it's okay. That's correct.

Council Member DuBois: A question about Cubberley. In the Staff Report,
you mentioned that there's a church that uses the auditorium on Sundays.
There was a comment that you'd like that to continue. I wasn't really sure
what that meant. It's not going to be a shared space, is it?

Mr. de Geus: It's unlikely to work as a shared space for a temporary Junior
Museum and Zoo and the church service every Sunday. What we would look
at doing is trying to support that church, which we've supported for, I think,
nearly 30 years at Cubberley. They've been in different parts of the center,
the campus, that we would look for another space during that period of time
that could function for them.

Council Member DuBois: That's still being discussed?

Mr. de Geus: It is.

Council Member DuBois: Just some quick questions on budget. The camps
and the visits to the elementary school, is that cost neutral?
                                                                         Page 13 of 64
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/21/16
