                          TRANSCRIPT
areas. They are merely eligible to sign up if they want to, but there's no
obligation. They can opt either way. We've heard from Staff, if it's not
clear—do we need to add anything here to get to that idea that you were
talking about earlier about being able to opt in or opt out later? Is there
anything that we need to do to ensure that that's included? That ongoing
flexibility.

Mr. Mello: That's included in the ordinance as presented.

Council Member Wolbach: That's what I thought. Thank you. We're not
actually proposing anything radical here tonight. We're just asking Staff to
come back. I guess, what if—is there any kind of flexibility that we could
add to "G" to what's coming back that would allow us to get to five votes
tonight which, of course, we need? Direct Staff to return with a possible
resolution or to explore how the permits could be reduced by 200 per year
for ten years. We're really just trying to give Staff an opportunity to explore
these ideas. Some of them they said they haven't had a chance to really dig
into yet. We want to give them time to explore those ideas, then bring them
back to us, this group of five, for us to consider more fully at a better time.
That's what this Motion does. It gives us a chance to come back and make
those tougher decisions with more information at a better time of night.

Council Member Kniss: Can I respond?

Council Member Schmid: yes.

Council Member Kniss: The only way I can do that at this point, Cory, is if—
yes, we have those in the yellow designated streets. As soon as those are a
controlled street, people will go into the other streets. It is moving just like
a flight of birds. When you tell them they can't land here, they just move
further. In this case, they're moving further east or further south. I don't
see that that resolves the problem whatsoever. That simply says that, yes,
you're going to give relief to the yellow streets, but you are essentially going
to have to include "9" and "10," because it simply will go out that direction.

Council Member Wolbach: Is it possible to ask a question of a member of
the audience?

Council Member Schmid: About what?

Council Member Wolbach: Would the Chair allow asking a question of a
member or two of the audience?

Council Member Kniss: Molly would tell you you're the City Council, you can
do what you want.
                                                                        Page 119 of 125
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                     Transcript: 2/1/16
