                          TRANSCRIPT
100 percent of City facilities. That's about 6 percent of the City's overall gas
demand.      We supply that program with environmental offsets with a
preference for California projects. A number of months ago, we had a
conversation with the UAC about PaloAltoGreen Gas and presented some
pros and cons of leaving that program as an opt-in voluntary program or
converting it to an opt-out voluntary program. At that same discussion, put
on the table an alternative to scrap the voluntary aspect altogether and
move toward a carbon neutral gas portfolio, which the UAC really liked. That
was how we moved forward with designing a carbon neutral gas portfolio
plan. Natural gas use in 2015 accounted for about 27 percent of the City's
greenhouse gas emissions. You can see that as the electric portfolio has
become carbon neutral, the most significant contributor is still
transportation, but natural gas is by no means insignificant in the
contribution of greenhouse gases. Just to set the stage for the discussion
that will happen this evening. An environmental offset—so that everyone
has the definitions, that we're all speaking on the same terms—is a
reduction in emissions of CO2 or other greenhouse gases made in order to
compensate for or to offset an emission made somewhere else. As an
example, installing a manure management system on a dairy farm that
reduces methane emissions will generate offsets.            The California Air
Resources Board, CARB, has a number of protocols that provide robust
methods to quantify and report on these reductions. Another term that will
probably come up in the discussion this evening is biogas, and that is
methane produced from the decay of organic matter. A dairy farm that is
generating offsets by preventing methane from entering the atmosphere can
also be selling that biogas as a renewable resource. The price of biogas
right now is driven by the Federal Renewable Transportation Fuel program,
and it's quite costly compared to offsets, about 28 times more costly. The
original Staff recommendation that was made to the UAC and then to the
Finance Committee included biogas in the portfolio, in that proposal. Staff
estimated that for a 10 cent per therm rate impact, we could incorporate
about five percent biogas into the portfolio with the remaining being covered
by offsets. That was the original proposal that went to the UAC and Finance,
not the proposal that's before you this evening. Also, when we spoke to the
UAC and the Finance Committee, we laid out a number of different portfolio
combinations of offsets and biogas and presented what the rate impacts
would be for those different portfolios. I'm not going to spend time going
through them, but they are in the report for you. Rate impact. I think it's
important to talk about the difference in the rate impact situation for the
electric carbon neutral portfolio versus a gas carbon neutral portfolio. For
the electric portfolio, because of the RPS requirement and the large hydro
supply in that portfolio, becoming carbon free was not as much of a leap as
it is for gas, so the rate impact was relatively small to move to carbon
neutrality for the electric portfolio, about 1-2 percent and then almost zero
                                                                          Page 16 of 81
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 12/5/16
