                          TRANSCRIPT
modifications for specific properties that allow modest additional growth, but
such additional growth will count toward the maximum. The maximum, this
growth will be observed Citywide for the term of this Plan. Traffic will be
monitored to ensure that the intent of the limit is being achieved. The intent
was always traffic and congestion.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid, can you focus on technical questions?

Council Member Schmid: Yeah. The technical question is where the 1.7
million comes from. I want to give some background that a reading of the
text, both the '88 text and the '98 text seems pretty clear that growth will
be monitored with no exceptions. If you make an exception, it still will be
monitored. Now, the numbers given …

Mayor Burt:   If we have the question, let's ask the question and let them
answer it.

Council Member Schmid: Let me put the question in numbers. The 1.7
comes from the fact that the goal set was 3.2. The monitored growth was
1.5, but there was non-monitored growth of 1.0, and the Stanford Medical
Center of 1.3. Whether you want to count them or not is one thing, but the
traffic impacts of each of those, the intent of setting the goal was to monitor
the traffic that would come from it. Any way you look at this, the traffic has
already exceeded the 3.2 goal.

Mayor Burt: The question.

Council Member Schmid: Where did the 1.7 million come from?

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Ms. Gitelman:      Thank you, Council Member Schmid.         Just one quick
clarification. If you look at the existing Comp Plan Map L-6, it shows the
monitored areas where the 3.2 million square feet limit applied. That 3.2
million square feet has been partially used up as you indicated. There's 1.7
million square feet remaining.

Council Member Schmid: If I could just …

Ms. Gitelman: The Committee's recommendation was that that number, the
balance remaining in the nine monitored areas, should apply on a Citywide
basis to office/R&D uses only. There are some policy changes there. We're
talking about going Citywide minus the hospital area if you take this option,
and we're talking about only office/R&D and potentially hotel with an
additional increment, but not other nonresidential uses.

                                                                       Page 64 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
