                          TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Mello: Recommend that the Crescent Park streets be added to the
Downtown RPP eligibility area.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Not recommend.             Shouldn't we just say add the
Crescent Park thing to the eligibility area.

Mr. Mello: It requires changing the resolution for the Downtown RPP.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace the Motion Part D with, “recommend
that the Crescent Park neighborhood be added to the Downtown RPP
eligibility area and if the neighborhood is not annexed, the residents can
come back as the third priority for a separate RPP.

Council Member DuBois: One last question, Josh. How many permits would
be sold in that area? Would it be part of the zone they're in?

Mr. Mello: It would be proportional to the number of spaces that are on
those streets. I think Sue-Ellen knows the percentage.

Ms. Atkinson: Those three streets would be added to Zone 10. In Zone 10,
we've released a certain number of permits that are proportional to the
number of spaces. Roughly 30 percent of all on-street spaces were released
as employee permits. What we discussed with Council related to RPP is that
when new streets are added to Zones 9 or 10, that a proportional number of
permits would be released for sale.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Then you just need to add "if not added to the"—if they
don't petition for that, then they get to come back with their separate RPP.

Female: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry, you can't speak from the audience after we've closed
the public speaking. If a Council Member wishes to ask a member of the
public a questions ...

Vice Mayor Scharff: I'd be happy to ask. What did you just say?

Eileen Skrabutenas: I appreciate your giving me a chance to further
explain. Your question, Council Member Scharff, has to do with do we come
back and petition. We have already done that, and that is why this matter
came up on Agenda Item 10 for those three streets. Petitions have already
been mailed in requesting originally being added to the RPP. All except five
of you had to recuse yourselves. The entire audience was filled with not
only residents of these three streets but all of Crescent Park that has had
the overfill, saying we need a separate RPP. The ground in your decisions
                                                                      Page 114 of 124
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/9/16
