                         TRANSCRIPT
Council Member Berman: Those aren't people who are here today, but I
want to make sure it's noted that there was a significant amount of public
support for the need for more housing. Let me ask a question of everyone
in the audience really quickly, five seconds. If you think we have a housing
shortage in Palo Alto, please raise your hand.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Berman, I don't want to do polling from
potential Council Members.

Council Member Berman:         Got you.     I wasn't counting.     There's one
guaranteed way that we won't get more housing in Palo Alto, and that's if we
kind of burden any proposal with totally unrealistic expectations. I get
concerned when those of us on the dais, myself included, that have—I have
zero experience in building housing anywhere—get our napkins out and start
doing calculations on the fly without actually consulting with people in the
housing industry to figure out whether or not any of those calculations are
realistic and actually applicable to the project. I also want to remind all of
us that this is just a Study Session. I'm sure if the applicant were to put
forth a proposal, we'd flesh out these numbers a lot more. I hope that we
do that.      I hope that the feedback from the Council is that there's
community need and support for additional housing at this site. That's what
the vast majority of us said a year and a half or two years ago when we
roundly rejected a proposal for commercial office space at this site. We
talked a lot about the—it's shockingly, strikingly clear that the applicant
listened and paid close attention to the Council's comments at that time,
because they've almost checked every box, I think, in the proposal of things
that Council Members brought up as ways that we could have additional
housing and create—yes, we do need to have zoning reforms that encourage
more units per acre, not less units per acre, and this type of thing. We don't
have that now, and I don't want to wait until that process is completed
before possibly approving this project and creating 60 units of desperately
needed housing. We talked about traffic concerns and the PF zone. It could
be parks; it could be medical; it could be schools. I don't know, but I
believe that all of those uses have higher traffic impacts than housing.
That's something that can come up as the conversation continues on this
site. The reason I asked my timing question—the fact that this project
wouldn't be built for 2 1/2 years—is the way that we get around in society is
changing every couple of months. The City Council is looking at additional
solutions, including expanding our shuttle system and others, to really
incentivize people to get out of their car or not even need a car and be able
to bike or take a motorized bike or walk or take Caltrain. Some people have
mentioned Caltrain is full.       This project wouldn't be completed until
electrification would be completed soon thereafter.           That's going to
dramatically increase the capacity on Caltrain to make it more of a viable
                                                                       Page 33 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 9/12/16
