                          TRANSCRIPT
Ultimately, the argument was we want to lift everybody up; we don't want to
bring down beneficial programs. The same thing here. I don't think we
want to pit one good program against another, because the Net Metering
program is now being forced to reduce its rates basically against some Prop
26 requirements that's really the primary trigger along with the fact that
we've ended our old program. I have searched for a way to make this a
stronger incentive, because I am concerned that we're going to see a drop
off, but I don't know it. I guess I'd like to hear one final thing from a
CALSEIA representative. I think there were basically two. What we heard
was kind of a generalized "give us time, work with us." We didn't hear
enough about any specific changes that could be done outside of really
disagreeing with the applicability of Prop 26. If Prop 26 was interpreted
differently, then that opens the door to different things. If you would take a
moment and if you have any specific recommendations for us to consider,
I'd value that.

Mr. Lavin: Sure. Our Director of Policy would have a little bit more of a
detailed answer. I do think the Prop 26 question is a very critical one,
particularly as this is something that will be happening consistently
throughout the state. Having a very firm answer on this is going to be great
for not only the solar industry but for every municipal utility throughout
California. Regarding the 15 cents/7 cents question, the 15 cents was
regarding the value of solar, not necessarily the rates but saying the
transmission, distribution. Sharpening our pencils and going through those
numbers a little bit more openly, those two places are great places to start.
From there, I'm sure there's a lot of other things that we can talk about as
well.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. The other CALSEIA representative.

Council Member Berman: She's SolarCity.

Mayor Burt: I'm sorry. SolarCity.

Ms. Goodhill: I'm sorry. I think that's a great question. The Staff sent us
some of their data about a week and a half ago which we've been analyzing,
which was a really important part of this to make sure that you're not just
giving a blanket proposal, that it's actually modeled specifically for Palo Alto.
I can tell you that in other cities some things that the industry has
suggested have included a very high minimum bill to ensure that solar
customers are always paying a significant part of their bill each month even
if they are, let's say, zeroing out their electricity. Other things that have
been suggested is you're no longer getting compensated at the retail rate.
It's maybe a cent or two haircut, but it's not as low as what's being

                                                                         Page 37 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
