                          TRANSCRIPT
rate. I certainly didn't say that. I think what we want to do is to actually be
able to afford to build—that our rates are high enough that we can afford to
actually develop some affordable housing.

Mayor Burt: First, I have a question. Do these fees apply to 100 percent
affordable housing projects?

Ms. Gitelman: No.

Mayor Burt: Second, I'm going to support the amendment. I do want to
say that Council Member Filseth—his question I don't think is the correct
one, because we actually have two different objectives, not one. We have
raising affordable housing fees to subsidize affordable housing and to assure
that we're not significantly reducing the amount of affordable housing being
built. It doesn't come out that, therefore, the fee should have some direct
correlation to how much housing will be built. There are a lot of factors. As
Commissioner Waldfogel stated, the fees whether they're on the commercial
or the residential are not the principal determining factor on whether these
projects will get built. They have to do with our zoning most of all and
secondarily about other soft costs associated with development in our City.
I do want to add that the rental housing market appears to be changing
significantly in our region and in Palo Alto. We recently had the proposal for
100 percent market-rate housing at the VTA lot on the corner of El Camino
and Page Mill. We haven't had a project like that come forward in my
memory. We'd had other subsidized, but this was 100 percent market. It's
been a long while since we had anything quite like that. We do have to
acknowledge there are other factors. When we talk about the zoning factor,
it's not just what the floor area ratio is but other costs associated including
parking. I think we've had a real misnomer and disservice by a lot of the
conversation including even some of the press that has called projects being
underparked, when in fact we saw from Palo Alto Housing Corp. just a few
weeks ago that they have multiple projects that are reduced parking versus
our formulaic parking. They are overparked. I hope we move away from
this term of underparked being used to describe any project that has less
parking requirement than our general formula. We can be reduced parking
and overparked at the same time. I think we have evidence that that's
actually occurring. I just wanted to state those things in the context of the
other aspects of this discussion. I'll be supporting the amendment. I see no
more lights. Let's go ahead and vote. That passes on a 6-2 vote with
Council Members Holman and Filseth voting no. We will now move onto the
main Motion. Some of the colleagues have not spoken to the main Motion.
If you have not spoken to it, you're free to bring it up again. I will say that
we're at five minutes to 9:00, so we're now starting to run behind schedule.


                                                                         Page 67 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                               Final Minutes: 12/12/16
