                          TRANSCRIPT
nine county Bay Area. We should make a decision based on that. Just to
finish up, I'd like the Bay Area Renters Federation's agenda. Bay Area
Renters Federation, not just a great acronym, a catchy agenda. More low-
income housing, more middle-income housing, more luxury condos. Thank
you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Our final speaker is Bob Moss.

Robert Moss: Thank you, Mayor Burt and Council Members. Let me give
you a little different perspective. Zoning by itself doesn't build a thing. The
City doesn't build housing or anything else; that's not what you're in the
business of. When people say the City should build housing, you don't do
that. Zoning for something doesn't necessarily mean it gets built. I'll give
you a couple of examples. Years ago, a development was put in, multifamily
units and ground-floor retail which turned out to be offices for medical, on El
Camino Way. It was built at about half the density which was allowed.
About a year later, a housing development was built on San Antonio at about
half the density which was allowed. The developers were asked, "Why are
you building large units on half the density?" The answer was, "That's what
the market wants." People complain about the high cost of housing in Palo
Alto. I'm not wild about it myself, but that's what the market wants. The
market drives it, and we can't stop it. Every housing unit that's built in Palo
Alto costs the City at least $2,700 a year more for services that it pays in
taxes and generates 8-10 traffic trips a day. Traffic, as you know, is a
problem. Just saying you can build more housing doesn't build it. As an
example, when the development standards were changed for El Camino,
housing was encouraged on the upper floors. The area on El Camino
between Adobe Creek and California Avenue, the last time I counted they
had only five developments which had housing on the upper floors. They're
not building it. Not because anybody tells them there's a problem or you
can't do it or there's no profit; that's not what the developers want.
Unfortunately, we're screwed by what the developers are willing to do and
what they want to charge for housing. I wish I could tell you how to get
around that; I don't know how to avoid having the developers create the
problem and create the costs.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. That concludes our public comments. Thank you,
everyone. We will now return to the Council for discussion. After we've had
discussion, then we'll entertain a motion. Let's hold off on motions until we
have a chance to have some real dialog. Council Member Wolbach.

Council Member Wolbach: First, I want to say thank you to all the members
of the public who have come and spoken tonight, both those who are Palo
Alto residents and those who were priced out and are former Palo Alto

                                                                        Page 82 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
