                          TRANSCRIPT
Vice Mayor Scharff: Isn't there legally ...

Ms. Silver: To clarify, the Council cannot require it; however, the applicant
has apparently agreed to it.

Mayor Burt: How should we word it? With the agreement of the applicant,
we are having two additional units.

Ms. Silver: Yes.

Council Member Wolbach: We could change "H," change the "1" to a "2" and
then add at the end "with the agreement of the applicant."

Mayor Burt: Then "2," okay.

Council Member Wolbach: Two below market rate housing units onsite.

INCORPORATED INTO THE MOTION WITH THE CONSENT OF THE
MAKER AND SECONDER to replace Part H of the Motion with, “with the
agreement of the Applicant, the project will contribute two Below Market
Rate Housing Units on site.”

Council Member Wolbach: I actually had a—I want to be sure I'm clear on
what this means then. Does this mean that there is no further redesign, no
further ARB review, and that the applicant, if they've heard our concerns,
will not make any changes and cannot make any changes to the design to
improve the face on El Camino Real?

Mayor Burt: That would be the consequence. Mr. Lait.

Mr. Lait: Just on the motion, Letter G is—we're having a hard time
reconciling the restaurant use, which is a higher parking demand than a
retail use. If we want to allow a coffee shop there, that's something that ...

Mayor Burt: That was under the understanding that we have a TDM for a 30
percent reduction. The calculus of the parking demand would be more than
offset by the TDM.

Mr. Lait: Perhaps the suggestion would be if a restaurant is proposed, that
we would allow them—I'm just kind of thinking out loud right now—we would
allow for a maximum reduction in parking to accommodate restaurant use if
proposed, and not tie it to the percentage of retail space. Really what we're
interested in is the reduction of parking, vehicle trips. One's parking, and
one's vehicle trips.


                                                                       Page 80 of 110
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 5/23/16
