                          TRANSCRIPT
as possible and make systemic changes when we go forward. That was the
feedback and the direction that I got. I think the right way to look at it right
now is we've been sharing some potential gaps between what we see on the
revenue picture and what we'd like to have and what we'd like to do and the
fact that we sort of get hit periodically with some new costs here and there,
so we built those things in. On the traffic front this week, the City will be
updating some of the traffic signal timing and coordination along Middlefield
Road with a couple of weeks of observation and fine tuning to follow. This is
just the latest route to see improved signal timing. Over the last six
months, we have also installed adaptive signals on San Antonio Road, and
we are still making some adjustment to address some issues with side-street
approaches. We also adjusted signals on Embarcadero Road from Francis to
Bryant and signals in the Downtown area. In early 2017, we anticipate
making additional timing changes on Alma, on Charleston-Arastradero, on
University Avenue and a few other streets. We received notice this week
that a Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) working group is
recommending to the VTA Board that the City of Palo Alto be awarded $4.65
million in competitive grant funds to construct pedestrian safety and
streetscape improvements along El Camino between Stanford Avenue and
Sheridan Avenue. That's a great recommendation for us. It's obviously
clearly a continuing enhancement to the things that we have been doing in
that part of town. The project will focus on pedestrian safety at signal
controlled and uncontrolled crosswalks, enhance bus operations at two
existing transit stops and new urban design amenities between Stanford
Avenue and Sheridan Avenue. While not yet designed, it's anticipated that
specific design features will include curb extensions, median refuges, two
pedestrian hybrid beacons at new and existing uncontrolled side crosswalks,
median shade trees and pedestrian-scale lighting. We think the project was
competitive for grant funds because it would address safety concerns due to
the long pedestrian crossing distances, typically 100 feet, in that area and
the generous turning and curb areas at signalized intersections, which allow
vehicles to make high-speed turns potentially across signalized crosswalks.
We'll keep you posted. Stay tuned for more information on this project this
year. As the Council is likely aware, the Planning and Transportation
Commission is ending the year with a Packed Agenda on Wednesday night.
The Commission will consider and make recommendations on plans for an
RPP district in Evergreen Park and will consider two zoning ordinances. One
ordinance would make a number of small Code changes, some of which are
required by our Housing Element and some of which are intended to reflect
current practices related to things such as loading zones and parking lifts.
The other ordinance would address retail preservation as directed by the
Council earlier this fall. Both ordinances are expected to be on your Agenda
at the Council early in the year and reflect hours of work by Staff at the
Planning Department. I would also put a reminder out that the second Town
                                                                          Page 11 of 114
                                                                    City Council Meeting
                                                                Final Minutes: 12/12/16
