                          TRANSCRIPT
survey. This is a survey that we intend to do annually to track the
performance of the TMA. Commuters who use public garages are more
likely to be government workers, hospitality workers or light office. Nearly
half of the SOV drivers expressed an interest in using alternative
transportation. There is an interest there to get away from driving alone
and to use some form of alternative transportation. Most likely to seek
alternative options are the younger folks, those who work for large
companies and those who have a flexible work schedule and live more than
10 miles from Palo Alto. Google actually saw this same result when they
started to implement some of the TDM measures. That 2-9 mile distance, a
lot of people actually tend to drive alone in that 2-10 mile distance. Google
actually introduced an e-Bike Program where they saw a significant
adoption, and they were able to capture those folks where it's just a little too
long to ride a bike or walk, but transit may take too long. A lot of folks are
driving within that 2-9 mile radius. Of course, we all share this. There's a
perceived lack of convenience with transit and some uncertainty as to the
location of stops and how transit will assist someone getting from home to
work. It doesn't work for everyone. I think a lot of this has to do with
education and personalized trip planning. As part of the scope of work for
MIG and Silvani Associates, there was a steering committee convened. The
steering committee met through all of 2015. The end product was the
incorporation of the TMA as a separate entity from the City. This is standard
across the board. In general, most TMAs are separate entities. They're able
to receive private funding and serve as a coalition of different businesses
and agencies and employers. In January, the Board was officially formed
and had its first meeting at the end of January. Based on the fact that 70
percent of all Downtown employees work for companies with 100 or more
employees, the structure that the Board elected to move forward with was to
have three seats dedicated to large employers, two to medium employers,
and then one to small employers. I think part of the reason the Board was
structured this way is that the large employers bring a lot of resources to the
table. They're already running some fairly significant TDM programs within
their own house. Having them on the Board helps to bring some of those
programs to bear for some of the smaller entities. The Palo Alto TMA Board
representing the small employer, and this is the Board as currently
structured which was initiated back in January. We have Rob George who's
actually joining us this evening; Bob McGrew from Palantir; Suzanne Mason
who is our Assistant City Manager and she represents the City, and the City
itself is a large employer in Downtown; from IDEO is Jonah Houston; and
Lucy Tice from Google as well as Jeffery Phillips from the Garden Court
Hotel. As far as funding, there's an existing consulting contract that we've
been administering, and that's the MIG/Silvani contract. There's some
project management fees as well as a 2016 employee commute survey that
are still remaining in that contract. The Board has also received some
                                                                          Page 34 of 99
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/14/16
