                         TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Nose: It's 85 versus 158.

Mr. Keene: Twice as much.

Mayor Burt: Eight-five versus 158.

Ms. Nose: Correct.

Mayor Burt: That’s a massive investment. I think the City should be proud
and the community proud that we're doing investments in our capital
program and our infrastructure that really were discussed for decades as a
under-investment for many decades. In recent years, we have increased
and increased that investment to this point. That's a great achievement. I
would also just note that if you look on the income side on the hotel tax, the
Transient Occupancy Tax, we went down to a low point after Hyatt Rickey's
closed of somewhere around five million in total. We're now pushing $24
million and rising. Without that additional funding, we really wouldn't be
able to do a good portion of this increase in the infrastructure investment. I
just wanted to also ask on the Utilities side. We've gone a number of years
with very low or in some of the utilities no increases. Now we have all of
them going up in one year. Two of them are very impacted by the drought.
It was really a three year drought. We, I think, last year kind of deferred an
increase on some of these. There's somewhat of a lag, I understand,
between the impact of the drought and it catching up on us having to
increase these rates on water and electricity. We now have a year in which
we are pretty much a normal snow pack. I should say these utility rate
increases were computed before we had any confidence that we had a
normal year. It doesn't mean we'll have a normal year of snow pack next
year. Is there any consideration as to whether, now that we have visibility
on our water supply, do we still need the same increases? I appreciate that
at least in the case of electricity we basically need to catch up to having
drawn down our reserve, as I recall.

Mr. Perez: Thank you. Good question. As I understand it in the discussions
we've had at Finance, it is necessary at these levels, because we drew down
the reserves over the years. For example in electric, as you heard City
Manager Keene mention, we hadn't had an increase since 2009. Believe it
or not, water also influenced the gas. I hadn't thought about it until Staff
told me. Because we were conserving water, you weren't using gas to heat
up your—your showers were shorter, you were finding ways to conserve. It
also impacted the Gas Fund. Obviously, it's something that they monitor
very closely. We talked about, with the Finance Committee, whether the
State was going to loosen up the restrictions. That's not definitive yet. The
northern part of the state is doing better than the southern part, as you

                                                                        Page 42 of 67
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                  Transcript: 4/25/16
