                         TRANSCRIPT
MOTION AS AMENDED RESTATED: Vice Mayor Scharff moved, seconded
by Council Member Kniss to approve the draft framework for an Ordinance
strengthening retail protections in the Downtown and South of Forest Area
(SOFA II) with the following changes:

A.    Remove Number 1, Bullet 2 and Number 1, Bullet 3; and

B.    Protect all current retail in the Downtown Business District and SOFA
      II; and

C.    No alterations to Design Criteria in SOFA II; and

D.    Prohibit window treatments made of reflective glass; and

E.    Direct Staff to return with a recommendation on lobby size; and

F.    Direct Staff to return with a recommendation on medical office size in
      SOFA II; and

G.    Direct Staff to return with recommendations on how to treat existing
      retail basement use in the University Avenue core area; and

H.    Direct Staff to conduct informal outreach to stakeholders including
      both small and independent retailers; and

I.    Outside of University Avenue, within the Ground Floor District allow
      yoga studios, dance studios, martial arts studios, and similar uses; and

J.    Direct Staff to evaluate aligning existing Planned Community Zone
      (PC) requirements with district requirements.

Mayor Burt: I think that covers everything. Vote on the board. That passes
8-0 with Council Member DuBois absent. That concludes this item.

MOTION AS AMENDED PASSED: 8-0 DuBois absent

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

13.   Request for City Council Endorsement of Santa Clara County Measure
      A, an Affordable Housing Bond Measure.

Mayor Burt: We now go to our final item which is a request for City Council
endorsement of Santa Clara County Measure A, an affordable housing bond
measure. Given the hour, if we are able to avoid all of us having to
comment on it, unless we really are in a debate. Council Member Berman.


                                                                      Page 107 of 111
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 10/17/16
