                         TRANSCRIPT
Geng Road is the starting location. Folks can go to the website to find out
about it. There will be race day registration starting at 6:00 P.M. Speaking
of bicycles, you may have heard the phrase mobility as a service, but the
Palo Alto Library is taking things one step further with a new mobile bike
service called Bike Pals for Palo Alto Library Services (PALS). The bikes
bring services to people who can't come to the library and come complete
with pop-up story time equipment. The bike PALS will be touring around
events through October including the Moonlight Run and the Cal. Ave.
farmers market. The bike PALS were made possible through a Pacific Library
Partnership Innovation and Technology Opportunity grant. If you see bike
PALS, take a phone, post it on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram with the
hashtag bookbikepals for a chance to win some fun prizes. Two more. This
Saturday, September 17th, the City is hosting a workshop to help residents
learn about Bay Area Sunshares, a limited-time program that aims to make
it simpler and cheaper to go solar or purchase a zero emission vehicle.
Sunshares pools the buying power of homeowners and vehicle buyers to
offer discounted rates and provides residents with vetted contractors as well
as free third-party technical advice to help inform customer decision-making.
This workshop this Saturday the 17th will be held at the Mitchell Park
Community Center from 9:00 A.M. to noon.              Please register at the
cityofpaloalto.org/workshops. Selected solar providers will be on-hand to
discuss their products and answer any questions you may have about going
solar. More details are available at bayareasunshares.org. Last but not
least, this Wednesday is the deadline—notice from the Clerk's Office—to
apply for the Historic Resources Board, the Parks and Recreation
Commission, the Planning and Transportation Commission, the Storm
Oversight Committee, the City Manager's position—just kidding about that
one.        Applications    are    available    on   the    City's  webpage,
cityofpaloalto.org/clerk.   The deadline is September 14th at 5:30 P.M.
Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you.

Oral Communications

Mayor Burt: Our next item is Oral Communications. We have five cards. If
anyone else wishes to speak, they need to come forward at this time. Each
speaker will have up to three minutes. We are running behind, so you are
welcome to take less time if you want to associate your comments with
another speaker. Our first speaker is Jacqueline Taylor, to be followed by
Nelson Ng. Welcome.

Jacqueline Taylor: Good evening, Council Members. Thank you very much.
I think I can keep it under three minutes. I'm part of a small neighborhood

                                                                      Page 49 of 114
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 9/12/16
