                          TRANSCRIPT
which was scientifically valid. Large employers which are 101 or more
employees represent 44 percent of the total Downtown employees.

Council Member Holman: My question is—I'm thinking about the Board
here, the construction of the Board. It seems like the Board should be a
better reflection of the construct of the employee load. That's what it seems
to me. You have, I think—I read this the other day—three large businesses
and one small business and that's out of percentage or out of ranking for
how the employee numbers actually rank. I'll ask a few questions about the
Board structure. That's one. In reading through the Bylaws—they are draft
at this point in time it seems, because we got a redline version of them.
How is it determined what the mechanism is for holding meetings? The
reason I ask is because it looks like there's no requirement for any of the
Board meetings to be open to the public. As a matter of fact, it even looks
like some of the work can be put off to a committee or individual that's on
the group. How would there be an opportunity for the public to weigh in on
that or see what's going on? If it's only a six-member Board, that means
one person, two people. I guess it's the structure, the construct and how
public it is and how people, whether they're interested members of the
public or other employees and employers, would have an opportunity to
weigh in on any of this? At least as I read it, it looks like none of the
meetings are required to be noticed.         If that's accurate, why was it
determined to be that way?

Ms. Silvani: First of all, you're not looking at the final document that was
filed when we did incorporate. You are looking at a draft, and I'm not sure ...

Council Member Holman:      It's what's on the website, and it's the last I've
seen.

Ms. Silvani: That was the last of the steering committee. When the Board
adopted in January the Bylaws, they were finalized. We will be posting the
final version of the Bylaws.

Council Member Holman: Would you answer the question, though, too? Is
there any difference between how meetings are noticed between the draft
and the final?

Ms. Silvani: Without looking at the actual Bylaws, I can't answer that. It's
our intention to hold public meetings. I know that. Beyond that, I can't
speak to it.

Mr. Keene: Can I jump in here for a second? Is there specific language that
you're referring to that excludes the public or is this more a question of not
explicitly stating that this will be public? My understanding is the intention—
                                                                         Page 46 of 99
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/14/16
