                          TRANSCRIPT
planning tool that we could use in the future. We might not see any in my
time on the Council.        Maybe by the time that the life cycle of this
Comprehensive Plan comes to an end, we'll have done a couple. The Fry's
site is a great example of a place to do that. I just want to put those
thoughts out there for consideration as we're talking about what coordinated
area plans are, what they're meant to be. They're not meant to be a sneaky
backdoor to doing a PC. They're supposed to be an upfront attack and
replacement on the PC, at least in my advocacy for them. I'd like to throw
my weight behind saying absolutely yes to encouraging and looking for ways
to rezone so that we have options to actually use retail under residential as
opposed to mixed use that has a lot of office included. As I mentioned
earlier, I'm still a strong advocate for less office development but lots more
housing development. We should continue to explore being flexible about
FAR, maybe even go up to as high as 3.0 in transit-oriented areas where
really appropriate, like right near transit and for housing, at least for
affordable housing, truly affordable housing. An overlay might be the way to
do that or it might just be a regular zoning thing. We should explore
allowing housing developments to pay in-lieu fees or pay into parking
districts in the same way that commercial buildings do. I'm not sure if
they're able to do that right now, but that's an important opportunity that
commercial developers have.        Sometimes a site is too small, it's not
appropriate to put a ton of parking right onsite, but it might be a fine place
to put some small unit housing or micro housing or senior housing. They
don't have a ton of space to fully park it onsite, but being able to pay into a
larger parking assessment district for a garage or pay into our TMA to make
up for their lack of parking onsite might be a useful approach. It's all about
balancing the impacts with the development. We should be realists when it
comes to parking. That means that sometimes we require a lot more
parking than something needs. Mayor Burt isn't here right now, but he's
talked about and I agree the need for us to really look at some of the sites
controlled by the Palo Alto Housing where they don't use all the parking that
they have onsite. Some uses in some places we require more parking than
we need. On the other hand, there might very well need other uses in other
places where we don't require enough parking. Recognizing it's not one size
fits all is important, and that's part of being realistic. It's recognizing and
being realistic about the nuances. Again, I do think that there is a debate
between saying we just should have housing for particular, designated,
exclusive groups. Below market rate housing, seniors, City employees,
school employees, disabled, all those are very important. Also on top of that
there is also a clear demonstrated need with lots of research including from
our current White House and Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) and lots of academic research. If colleagues and
members of the public aren't aware of it, I'm happy to share the articles, the
research, etc. There is a need for market rate housing, specifically the lower
                                                                      Page 101 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
