                          TRANSCRIPT
exciting retail community, a thriving, resilient population Downtown where I
live. That's why I pay so much to live here, and I love it. I worry if we don't
build housing, we're going to lose it. I see our retail being frayed at the
edges, and it worries me, and it makes me sad.              I support housing
Downtown. I'll leave it at that. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Bob Wenzlau to be followed by Rita Vrhel.

Bob Wenzlau: Hi. It's a pleasure to be here tonight. I am on the Citizen
Advisory Committee, but I am not speaking as a Citizen Advisor, rather just
as a citizen. I sent you a note. I've been inspired by the topics that people
have brought up tonight, the pain of young people trying to move into
homes. I feel that somehow the EIR and Scenario 5 is a false question this
evening. I'm on the Citizen Advisory Committee, and I wrote you speaking
to how complicated personally it is to be part of the CAC, because we're
trying to generate policy and program for you as Council to consider. The
relevancy of the EIR is distant and not important. If you're in a politic right
now to determine a Scenario 5, I worry that the CAC and even you as
Council are not going to be able to apply it. Rather, it would be better to—
where Hillary spoke about the delay, I actually think sequencing this a little
bit and allowing a delay could basically bring more discourse and a better
policy that's formed rather than trying to jam a decision down your Agenda
tonight. The CAC and you as Council are wise, and I actually think that the
spirit—what the Comp Plan brings is basically a document that you as
Council go to as you make decisions. If it were late one year, I actually
think you could make still reasonable decisions, and we would have an EIR
that would probably be better formed if this choice tonight were kicked down
the field by another nine months, let's say. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. Rita Vrhel to be followed by Shani Kleinhaus.

Rita Vrhel: Thank you. I am one of the lucky haves in Palo Alto. I actually
own my own home. I have to say that I'm not laughing at anyone in the
audience here, and I feel very sad if they actually feel that there are people
like me in Palo Alto who own a modest bungalow who are laughing at them.
I do think, however, that the issue of housing is a very real crisis. I would
distinguish, though, between housing. If you're only going to allow housing
units to be built and they are not either below market or what's the other
one? Rent subsidized. You're probably going to end up with more ghost
houses and more luxury condominiums that, again sell for $2 million. I'm
not sure how, in a capitalistic society, with so many people wanting the
same object, you control the price of the unit unless you institute rent
control, which I don't think is really going to happen. When you're looking
at the numbers of housing units that you're going to ask the Planning

                                                                        Page 78 of 122
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 5/16/16
