                          TRANSCRIPT
on-campus locations, but external, non-Stanford locations that were
analyzed in the GUP EIR that might have different impacts or more
significant impacts than the GUP EIR identified. We've been doing these
studies and generally have not had to look at external locations up to this
point, because the projects that are specified to be analyzed in the
conditions of approval have not required it. In this case, we're going beyond
the number of units that was really studied in the GUP EIR. We did do an
assessment of the full project including the part that actually is covered
under the 581 units and did essentially a little, focused TIA, traffic impact
analysis, which starts with trip generation which is what you see on the first
slide here. The top chart shows that, using the trip rates that were
developed for the GUP EIR that looked at residential trip-making and
commuter trip-making based on actual surveys of those two groups back
when the GUP EIR was developed, residents do generate trips, but they
generate trips at a slightly lower level than commuters during the peak
hours. You see a drop; the blue bars at the top are the drop in commuter
trips, because we are bringing current commuters onto campus. The green
bar is the new residential trips generated. The red bar is kind of the net
change which is a slight decrease campus-wide in traffic during the peak
hours coming to and from campus, in particular, in the peak directions which
is most important from the GUP perspective, inbound in the morning and
outbound in the evening. The second bar chart shows that near the project,
which is where most of these new residential trips will probably travel when
they go external to the campus, there will be a net increase because these
commuter trips that are currently coming into campus are coming from all
over the place, using all the many gateways to campus; whereas, these
residential trips are most likely going to use Serra Street as their main way
to come to and from the parking at the site. Some external trips may use
other gateways certainly but, to be conservative, we assigned all of the
traffic to the Serra gateway in the feeling that certainly most of them would
use that gateway. When we did that—I'll show a couple of slides that show
how we did that—we found that Level of Service C, which is what El Camino
Real and Serra Street operates at now during the peak hours, would be
maintained because the increase in trips, which is a little under 300 trips, is
still less than 10 percent, probably less than six or seven percent, of the
total traffic at that intersection. This is just a map showing, kind of
illustrating what I just described, where the large green arrow at Serra
Street represents the bulk of the residential trips using that gateway to get
to the project site. By the way, the parking access will be most likely from
Serra Street and possibly with a driveway on Escondido Road; that has not
been determined yet. Even if a second driveway were to be located on
Escondido Road, there are bollards that prevent traffic from using that road
to exit onto Stanford Avenue. We feel that Serra Street would still be the
primary way that those residential trips will want to leave campus. You can
                                                                         Page 4 of 114
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 3/21/16
