                          TRANSCRIPT
who will drive in high occupancy vehicles. There's a whole myriad of these.
To look at one in isolation and make an economic calculation by comparing it
to the improper comparison point is really not looking at things in the broad
way. Although I think the action of the Finance Committee was unintended,
I really want to challenge the Committee to be thinking more broadly and
deeply on subjects when they come before them, especially when it's
something that we went through this exercise less than a year ago and had
similar arguments. We're now twice in less than a year going through a lot
of Staff and Council time to repeat something that we already had discussed
and deliberated on. We, frankly, are having this before us because we did
not have—the lack of transparency that I think was alluded to was not how
things were discussed and deliberated in public. It was that it was non-
transparent as to the ramifications of the action. It may not have been fully
understood by much of the Committee. Nevertheless, that's, I think, the
reality.    If Colleagues disagree with the four percent local renewable
program, then the honest and transparent thing to do is to bring forward a
Colleagues Memo to attempt to repeal it.           Then we'd have a public
discussion on that and determine what to do. Barring that, using this as a
backdoor way to kill this program and indirectly kill the local renewable
program, I think, is really not proper. Also, it was alluded that we have, for
instance, before us a community solar program. I know some of the
questions that were brought up about who benefits from a program like this
aside from us as a whole and the community. Who more narrowly benefits?
Does it help residents? This program isn't set up for individual households.
It's been identified as a candidate program for the community solar, which is
basically a solar co-op. If your home isn't a great candidate for solar, this is
how you can buy in and own a share of solar. I hope that we'll be seeing a
CLEAN program-based community solar program. This whole model of what
we call the CLEAN program in Europe is called a feed-in tariff. This is how
Germany became global leaders in the solar adoption and how we have all
benefited from the initiative that Germany did. They have now just millions
of homes that are powered by solar that were run off of feed-in tariff
programs, essentially this type of program. It does go to the point that we
initially are not offering this program to residences. That was something
that was put on hold when we first adopted it, so that we would learn how to
do the program efficiently and potentially adopt it for residences in the
future. I think there's a whole series of very sound reasons why this fits
within a whole range of progressive programs that we've done and been
leaders as a City. Frankly, we currently are at what approximately, Jane?
25 percent below PG&E in electricity, is that about where we are?

Ms. Ratchye: I think it's 35, but we are having a rate increase (crosstalk).


                                                                          Page 67 of 72
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 3/28/16
