                         TRANSCRIPT
Hillary Gitelman, Planning and Community Environment Director: Thank
you. Mayor Burt and Council Members, I'm Hillary Gitelman, the Planning
Director. My first job this evening is to introduce my colleagues, Elaine
Costello to my right and Joanna Jansen to my other right. We're also joined
by Elena Lee in the front row. All of us are here to answer your questions
this evening. Elaine is going to start the presentation, and then I'll follow
up. We'll be available to answer any questions at that point or after the
public testimony. Elaine.

Elaine Costello, Management Partners: Good evening members of the
Council, Mayor. Tonight we are talking about—we're introducing the Land
Use and Community Design Element. You're not going to be asked to make
decisions on this tonight, but it's a big and important element in the Comp
Plan. We wanted to begin to present the range of issues and options, give
you a chance to think about it and come back for a more detailed discussion
of land use and transportation together in January. Remember the Land Use
Element really guides the future physical form of the City. It's really the
basis for so much that's in the zoning, the subdivision, public works and
development decisions. It's really an important element of the General Plan.
Because of that, the Citizens Advisory Committee and its subcommittees
have spent a lot of time on this element and taken it very seriously and
really thought through all of the issues and talked about them. For example,
the full committee met seven times on this element. The subcommittee met
another seven times, the land use subcommittee.             The sustainability
committee met another three times, so a total of 17 meetings on this, as
well as public input and digital commenter comments. The subcommittee
and the CAC worked really hard to find areas of agreement and to really
clarify where they didn't agree. Many of them had individual comments, and
all of their comments have been sent to you, so that you know all of the
different opinions that each of the subcommittee members and committee
members spent so much time developing. The image that they had of the
Land Use Element was that it be an element that guides further growth and
that balances really difficult issues of neighborhood preservation, climate
protection priorities through sustainable development near services, and also
enhancing the quality of life of all neighborhoods.        That is not easily
achieved. It's really a difficult balancing act. One of the things that was
really commendable about the work that the CAC—I had a nice picture of
them a minute ago. You know what they look like. There they are. They
really worked very, very hard to determine where they could agree. They
didn't just say, "We disagree. We're going to keep moving." They really
tried to find some areas where they did agree. Where they didn't agree,
they tried to identify concrete options with the goal of making your job
easier. We hope that's how it really works out. That was their goal. There
are, as you can tell just by the draft element organization, an enormous
                                                                       Page 54 of 114
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                 Transcript: 11/28/16
