                          TRANSCRIPT
looking at in what we got in our Packet, it's a little bit different in that you
have some stuff colored in red here. Is that the only stuff that's new?

Ms. French: Correct. The red is what is proposed by the Planning and
Transportation Commission and the Architectural Review Board.    The
underlined material is what Council had proposed on April 11th.

Council Member Wolbach: Got it. Thanks, thank you for clarifying that.
That actually answers a lot of my questions.   Thank you for that.
(crosstalk).

Mayor Burt: Council Member DuBois.

Council Member DuBois: I think we talked to this substantially the last time.
We passed a pretty detail Motion that's on Page 312. I think the ARB and
the PTC have done a great job. They've simplified it and come back with
some improvements. I think the language of the Ordinance really captures
our intention. If it's all right, I'd like to go ahead and make a Motion. Is
that all right?

Mayor Burt: We haven't opened and closed a hearing. We haven't had a
round of questions.

Council Member DuBois:      All right.   I support the Ordinance as written.
Thanks.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: In looking at the Motion that we passed—let me
start here. Why was the word local added on 2B? Why local? Shouldn't it
just be—the screen that you were on. Including historic resources. Why
local? What happened to California, National Register? Why was local
added?     You said that was an ARB recommendation or a Planning
Commission recommendation?

Ms. French: I'm trying to recall.

Council Member Holman: Wherever the recommendation came from, I don't
understand why it would be just local. That isn't what we do even.

Ms. French: It may have more to do with in close proximity as opposed to
locally designated on the Historic Inventory.

Council Member Holman: That isn't how it reads.

Ms. French: I can see.
                                                                         Page 85 of 114
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                    Transcript: 9/12/16
