                           TRANSCRIPT
facility and the kitchen in particular. It's not part of this project, and it's not
funded. We need to figure out how we're going to do that. This is where
there could be an opportunity working with an outside golf course company
that wants to come in and work with Palo Alto. If the terms are good for
them and us, they may be willing to put in some capital for that.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Am I right to remember that that also was on that pro
forma about what drives rounds or was I wrong?

Mr. de Geus: It's actually the course and the condition of the golf course
that really drives rounds and in particular the greens.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Are we going to have the condition then that should
drive the rounds? Are we doing it to the standard that we expect would
drive the rounds?

Mr. de Geus: We are.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Council Member Schmid.

Council Member Schmid: I guess the vote tonight has us assuming some
risk. Let me just ask a few questions about being comfortable with the risk.
Let me start with the rounds. On Page 4 of the updated analysis—it does
not have a packet page number—you have the data from 2012 to 2015, and
you have on the last line a dramatic decline in rounds. I'm interested in the
decline that took place between 2012 and 2013. I believe that's before any
decision was made on the course and we did anything to slow down. Yet,
the rounds went down by almost 10 percent. What happened in that year?
Is that a good sign or a bad sign?

Mr. de Geus: We've been experiencing declining rounds at the golf course
for the last decade. That's one thing to keep in mind. The course is not as
competitive (crosstalk).

Council Member Schmid: Even excluding the last three years?

Mr. de Geus: Yeah. In 2012-2013, we were already thinking about the golf
course closing down at that point. In fact, the JPA was, I remember, almost
ready, they said, to start their project. I think the word did get out to the

                                                                          Page 101 of 116
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 6/20/16
