             CITY OF PALO ALTO CITY COUNCIL
             COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE
             TRANSCRIPT
                                                              Special Meeting
                                                               May 31, 2016
The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Community
Meeting Room at 6:05 P.M.

Present:   Berman, Burt, DuBois, Filseth arrived at 6:10 P.M., Holman,
           Kniss, Scharff, Schmid, Wolbach

Absent:

Study Session

1.   Council Study Session on Sea Level Rise.

Mayor Burt: Our first item is a Study Session on sea level rise. Mr. Bobel,
did you want to take the lead on this?

Phil Bobel, Public Works Assistant Director: Thank you, Mayor Burt. Phil
Bobel, Public Works. We have a good group of Staff people here to support
us and be with us. Kirsten Struve will do most of the presentation. Joe
Teresi is here to answer questions as is Matt Krupp, sitting behind us here.
We have many dignitaries from our upper management. I can't even name
them all, looking out in the audience; we have so many department heads,
which is great, because this is an interdepartmental effort. One of the points
we wanted to make right off the bat is that we're trying to coordinate and, I
think, doing a reasonable job, and we'll be talking about that among the
departments to address tough problems. Your agenda is background and
the current efforts. We're going to present six guiding principles that we'd
like to suggest. Of course, this is a Study Session; you'll not be acting on
these. It gives you a context for some next steps, and then we'll be talking
about those next steps. We do hope to inform and to prepare you. Mostly
our thought was for future things that will be coming to you that'll involve
sea level rise. There's a number of them, and Kirsten and I will be going
through them. Hopefully this is truly a Study Session, a background for you
on all these things. Another key goal, of course, is to get your input and to
try to take that back to the various things that'll be coming to you, and see
if we can get some of your input early on into these individual projects. Just
a quick reminder. This shows both creek and Bay flooding. It shows the


                                                                     Page 1 of 107
