                          TRANSCRIPT
are used to predict whether or not you're going to exceed that 0.48 level
that is the target indoor air level based on cancer. USEPA would use 16
micrograms per cubic meter, with their default ratio of indoor air to
subsurface. California uses 480. Through a complex set of modeling, Haley
and Aldrich on behalf of Stanford has created this number of 11,000 to
53,000 based upon depth to predict—those are the numbers that the soil
gas would have to exceed to bring indoor air to the level above the 0.48
which is the health-based target. I don't think that's justified. That's
basically justified by using the Johnson and Ettinger model and the assertion
that this is all uniform clay and, therefore, the pressure differential—there's
a lower pressure in the buildings—can't possibly pull up the contamination
because there's so much clay and the vapors can't move. This is real
important when you get to looking at the map of the site. This is a map of
the site. Here is the area that the consultants say is the source of the TCE.
Until I talked to DTSC's project manager for this site—it was December or
January—she was unaware of a memo written by someone else at DTSC
saying the contamination here at 1501 California was there as a result of
migration—this would be groundwater migration—from the perceived source.
That's over 300 feet. Basically, they've been saying don't worry about the
distance that the contamination might move because it's all clay. In fact,
there's evidence here, backed by a DTSC letter that says the contamination
has moved 300 feet. There's another site here, groundwater on the site,
where there's even more contamination in the groundwater.                  The
consultants say, "There really is no groundwater on the site. We can't find
it." That's probably a function of when and how and where they looked.
That's evidence that the contamination is not isolated, so that the hotspots
that they've identified could impact people in the buildings at a closer
distance.    There is where the testing in College Terrace over here is
important. There is soil gas contamination here. It's between the level that
EPA uses and the level that the State uses for what's acceptable. The
residents weren't comfortable that that was enough evidence that they
weren't being exposed. I arranged for one of the top notch samplers for TCE
in indoor air and soil gas. He's from San Diego. He came here and he did
some sampling. To my surprise they found it. Why is that important for this
site? Basically it says there may be what is called a paleo channel, a sand
channel, that connects this area to College Terrace. It basically says that
you can't rely on the clay to keep stuff from coming up into homes, because
it has been found in the homes.           You can't rely on it keeping the
contamination from moving horizontally. The assumptions that they're using
to say that you can simply put a home 50 feet from a very high hotspot,
over 53,000 micrograms per cubic meter, is not borne out by the data. We
haven't done enough sampling to confirm that the TCE in these homes is
coming from this property, but we know of no other source. The fact that it
was found in the crawlspace as well as the indoor air suggests it's not
                                                                         Page 22 of 80
                                                                  City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 6/28/16
