                           TRANSCRIPT
things that we would perhaps want to move forward on preceding the
completion of the Comp Plan. Those are two different things.

Vice Mayor Scharff: They did ask us to do that. You did ask.

Mayor Burt: Let me ask for a little more clarification on this CEQA impact.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Can I speak to this a little bit?

Mayor Burt: Yeah, go ahead.

Vice Mayor Scharff: Hillary and Jim, I wanted to speak a little bit to what
you just said. I think when we talk about the micro units Downtown, that
maybe you come back to us and say you either need to do the CEQA or you
don't if you limit it to 50 units. I think that's part of you coming back and
saying to us, "Yes, we do this. Yes, we cannot." Otherwise, it has to be
included in the EIR. It has to go through the Comp Plan process. That
would be an acceptable answer to our question about can we move forward
with this now or not. I think that is built into the Motion, that issue you had.
I think the same with the site from San Antonio Road to California Avenue.
You might come back to us and say as part of the Comp Plan process, we
need to move forward in that direction and that's how we're going to do it.
What I thought we'd talked about earlier—in fact, it says in the Housing
Element—we are going to look and evaluate that. I thought maybe this was
something we do in terms of that evaluation now, and that it was
appropriate to do so. You can come back to us and say no, we don't have
the bandwidth or no, it's appropriate to do it differently. That's coming back
to us. I actually disagree a little bit on "A." Let me talk about "A" a little bit.
We are raising substantial amounts of money for low income housing. We
are about to change our fee structure. There are other sources that may be
coming in. I believe we're having a Closed Session on that issue. I want to
make sure that we don't lock ourselves into not being able to do moderate
income housing for government employees, teachers, and other people who
fit that category. If we don't, we will miss that window of opportunity. We'll
have a big chunk of money, and you will then tell us we can't use it for this.
I think we need to evaluate. I think that actually falls more on legal in lots
of ways to come up with what are the legal strictures here, how would we
change our Ordinances to do that, than it does Planning. I know Molly has
infinite capacity. I'm not as concerned about that. This is not (crosstalk).

Council Member Kniss:       Mayor Burt, could I ask the Vice Mayor a quick
question?

Mayor Burt: Sure.

                                                                          Page 102 of 114
                                                                     City Council Meeting
                                                                      Transcript: 3/21/16
