                          TRANSCRIPT
Council on these ideas for Downtown, but more broadly the priorities for
other retail protections that we should look at in the time remaining while
the iInterim Ordinance is still in place. Again, there are really three things to
discuss this evening: the specific request for waiver affecting 100 Addison;
the properties where we've been forced to interpret this ordinance and any
suggestions or input the Council has on those interpretations; and then
prioritization of permanent retail protections affecting Downtown and other
districts. Thank you.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. There was one, I think, from the applicant, a claim
that Staff had granted a waiver without going to Council. Is there any
clarification that you have on that?

Ms. Gitelman: Yeah. I'd be happy to speak to that. We haven't actually
granted what we would consider a waiver. We have, as the Staff Report
indicates, found some sections of this ordinance challenging to administer
over time. One of them was the provision that the controls or protections
apply to legal and nonconforming uses. We had an instance in the south
part of town where there was a retail use in an industrial district where retail
is not permitted. In that case, we found that use to be—it had been
established without permits. It was both nonconforming in the sense that
that use was not allowed and it was not permitted properly. In that case,
we decided it was an illegal use and this Ordinance would not apply. We
have not been able to make that same chain of logic work for the uses that
we're discussing this evening. As I mentioned, both the pet store and the
auto service use, we believe, are permitted in the districts in which they
occur. They just didn't obtain all of the permits that they should have.

Mayor Burt: Thank you. We'll now go to colleagues for technical questions.
Council Member Holman.

Council Member Holman: I have just a few questions of clarification, if I
could. Mayor will stop me if these aren't technical questions. Both in the
Staff Report and also on Page 5 of the presentation, the second bullet here
talks about some provisions that have proven difficult to administer. Can
you tell me what the difference is between the first and the third bullet?
Interpretation of permitted or operating. Why is retail uses that were not
permitted properly not the same as operating?

Male: (inaudible)

Council Member Holman: Slide Number 5. The first and third bullets.

Ms. Gitelman: Thank you for that question. We could have phrased those
bullets a little more artfully. I think those are related subjects, but there is
                                                                         Page 46 of 105
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                                   Transcript: 08/22/16
