                          TRANSCRIPT
Ms. Gitelman: I think Joanna's right. It's because we are including all of the
existing housing and existing population in this number. The delta is just so
small when you compare it to the total.

Council Member Filseth: I'm sort of including the existing one too. Scenario
2 grows population like a few percent over 15 years, and Scenario 4 grows it
15 1/2 percent over 15 years. If, in fact, water consumption is different—I
mean, it's good news. It says that water consumption in this town isn't
terribly sensitive to population growth. I just want to make sure that's the
proper assumption here. The second one I wanted to ask has to do with
schools. If you look on page—I mean, basically they're all similar. If you
look on, for example, Page 4.12-4, essentially all four scenarios say that
we're going to be approximately at capacity for elementary schools and high
schools and over capacity for middle schools, but they all come to the
conclusion that there's no significant impact. Part of the disclaimer for that
has to do with SB 50, which was a deal cut back in the late '90s that sort of
redefined what impact was. My question is if it weren't for SB 50, would the
conclusion still be no impact.

Ms. Jansen: The specific CEQA threshold that we're trying to answer here is
not would schools in Palo Alto be impacted, but would there be the potential
to have physical environmental impacts from the construction of new school
facilities. That's the set of thresholds that you're looking at in a public
services analysis typically.

Council Member Filseth:      You're assuming that new schools would be
constructed.

Ms. Jansen: If you look at the threshold as it's articulated on Page 4.12-9,
that is the threshold that we're trying to answer. It would depend on a
conclusion about whether or not new schools needed to be constructed and
then thinking about where those schools would be located, etc., and how
many new schools there would need to be. Typically at this programmatic
level of analysis, as you can see in other sections, the conclusion is that at
this level, given that no specific school sites are being discussed, there's not
really enough information to conclude whether or not there would be an
environmental impact. The threshold under CEQA is relatively narrowly
focused here.

Council Member Filseth: Got it. You're looking at environmental impacts
from the actual physical construction of new schools.

Ms. Jansen: Exactly.

Council Member Filseth: I understand. Thanks very much.
                                                                            Page 91 of 128
                                                                      City Council Meeting
                                                             Draft Action Minutes: 6/6/16
